Senate Committee Chairman on Banking, Insurance and other Financial Institutions, Senator Uba Sani, has identified obsolete laws as challenges militating against Nigeria’s strive to meet up with the world economies. He said a bogus nation like Nigeria need a robust law to compete and overtake other nations in terms of economic development and interest of citizens, but lamented that there were laws, so, obsolete that can’t drive the nation’s agenda until amended. Senator Sani representing Kaduna Central Senatorial district spoke at a media event in his office on Friday, noting that lawmakers in Nigeria’s upper and lower legislative Chambers, essentially have the task of lawmaking. According to him, the economic and social challenges were not peculiar to Nigeria alone, but the world over, which were also deepened by the coronavirus pandemic in recent months insisting that Parliamentarians need to look at those laws that have outgrown their usefulness with a view to amend, “If Nigeria must compete with other nations.” He said: “Of course, I am quite aware that some of our laws are obsolete and some of them need to be amended. We also need to enact and repeal some laws if we really want to compete with other and major countries of the world in terms of economic development. “I am quite aware that Nigeria like any other country is facing a lot of difficulties, most especially those of us here in Africa due to the global pandemic and I have no doubt in my mind, we have a country that is really focused, particularly that our people are resilient. “We will rely on Nigerians to continue to support us and on our own part, me will continue to sponsor more bills. The lawmaker who has sponsored some bills within the time frame, disclosed that all bills he sponsored and motions raised on the floor were products of consultation. At least, to appreciate that our modest contribution has been recognized by Nigerians and that will ultimately make me to focus more on initiating peoples oriented bill that will add value to the overall interest of the society. “When I assumed office as Senator, I formed a team headed by my Senior Legislative Aide and we formed structure down to the Local Governments in my Senatorial district which we gather people to know their immediate need”, he said. He was optimistic that bills passed into law in the ninth National Assembly would be assented by President Muhammadu Buhari, stating that those bills were people oriented which are primary agenda of APC administration.