Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, representing Abia North Senatorial district of Abia State, has insisted that this party, the All Progressives Congress, APC, will reject results that do not reflect the people’s will in the upcoming local government election. The Senate Chief Whip and former Abia governor told newsmen on Saturday, that times are gone when local government election results are written even before the actual contest. He called on the Prof. Mkpa Agu Mkpa-led Abia State Independent Electoral Commission (ABSIEC) to avoid being used to truncate the will of the people. The lawmaker maintained that his party, the APC, and Abians will authenticate documents used for the election. He called on ABSIEC to take a cue from INEC in line with visions of President Muhammadu for Edo, Ondo, and other elections across the country and be fair. According to the former governor, the principle of fairness and credibility must be observed, saying anyone who wins should be announced the winner. In another development, the Abia State Signage and Advertisement Agency,(ABSAA), has vowed to remove posters and billboards displayed without its approvals. The Abia Agency, in a release signed by its General Manager, Tony Otuonye and made available to newsmen on Friday, directed all Chairmanship and Councillorship candidates of all political parties, participating in December, 18th, 2020 Local Government elections in Abia State to ensure that they obtain advertisement approvals by ABSAA through, Abia State Independent Electoral Commission(ABSIEC), for the display and use of electoral and campaign materials across the seventen (17) Local Government of Abia State. It said, “Pursuance to Abia State Signage Laws No.9 of 2012, Abia State Signage and Advertisement Agency (ABSAA) shall not hesitate to remove posters and billboards displayed without approvals. Abia State Signage and Advertisement Agency (ABSAA) shall arrest and prosecute defaulters according to signage extant laws of Abia State.” “In furtherance to monitoring and compliance to the directive, all candidates shall obtain approval clearance from ABSIEC,” the agency concluded.