Manchester United would be aiming for a win as they entertain Istanbul Basaksehir in the UEFA Champions League on Tuesday. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men earned their first home win in the Premier League after Bruno Fernandes 56th minute penalty sealed a 1-0 triumph over the Baggies. The Red Devils side is currently top of their Champions’ League group having won the first two matches to secure six points. But they lost 2-1 to Istanbul Basaksehir and would be out for revenge in this tie. Here, DAILY POST evaluates how the Red Devils could line up against the Turkish giants. Absent: Luke Shaw (hamstring), Phil Jones (knee). Possible: Jesse Lingard (unspecified), mason Greenwood (illness), Paul Pogba (ankle), Eric Baily (muscle). Defensive pair Phil Jones and Luke Shaw are unavailable for the Red Devils while Eric Baily and Jesse Lingard are also trying to overcome recent injury issue in time to face Istanbul Basaksehir. Both Paul Pogba and Mason Greenwood were rested against West Brom, with the latter still recuperating from sickness and the former coping a slight ankle injury while on duty with France during the break. The two players are expected to be ready for the Champions League, though, and it would not be a shock decision to see Mason Greenwood return to the starting team as United boss look to give the English starlet a run of game time. Victor Lindelof has been nursing a back pain, meanwhile, and could be rested, while fellow defender Axel Tuanzebe is line to play. Scott Mc Tominay could come in for Nemanja Matic and solely join Fred at the base of United’s midfield. Edinson Cavani and Donny Van de Beek are both pushing for spots in the United eleven. But United manager is supposed to keep faith with French striker Anthony Martial. Bruno Fernandes is not likely to be given a rest owing to his relevance to the Manchester United side. Dean Henderson was given game time in the reverse tie against Istanbul Basaksehir. But with United needing a win to spark of a revival to their season, David De Gea is expected to return for this game. Alex Telles should make his third appearance for the Red Devils owing to Luke Shaw’s absence due to injury (hamstring). Telles should start at left full-back position. Here is the possible line up of the Red Devils; David De Gea; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Axel Tuanzebe, Harry Maguire, Alex Telles; Fred, Scott Mc Tominay; Mason Greenwood, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Anthony Martial.