Takulashe village of Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State, Northeast Nigeria came under Boko Haram attack on Sunday evening with casualty figure of about 11 persons. The village was attacked at about 10:00pm, an attack which lasted for over three hours before military arrived to repel the attackers, a resident of the village told DAILY POST on Monday evening. The insurgents were believed to have made an in-road into the village through the Sambisa Forest, and “Local rescue team are still searching for victims that fled into nearby bushes and farmlands,” Ishaku Musa said He noted that Takulashe village, is prone to attacks, as the community is located on the fringes of the forest. “The insurgents launched their attacks from forest on motorcycles that maneuvered the footpaths to the farming and herding community. “Troops have been stationed in Chibok town since the abduction of 276 Chibok schoolgirls on April 14, 2014 by Boko Haram. But surrounding villages have continued to suffer from attacks, which happens unchallenged as the attackers always perpetrate their evils and leave before the arrival of security operatives,” he added. The insurgents came with six gun trucks, three other vehicles and some heavy weapons. They also killed some vigilantes who first engaged them and had collected their Hilux vehicle,” another source said. According to our source, the head of the vigilante group in Takulashe village immediately called the army brigade. From the information he gave, the army brigade called on the Air Force for air support as soldiers from the 117 battalion under the brigade were mobilized to advance to the area. But the air force could not respond, a situation which led to the insurgent bringing the whole village to ashes. There was no response from Major General John Enenche, Media Coordinator in the Defence Headquarters on the attack on Chibok village. The over a decade long insurgency has claimed over 36,000 lives with property worth N3.42 trillion lost in the north-eastern states of Borno, Adamawa and Yobe since 2009.