Chelsea could be placed at the top of the Premier League standing when they Newcastle United on Saturday. The Blues have been fortunate with consistency in recent round of matches, thus winning four matches straight across all competition. Chelsea sit fifth on the log, just three points adrift of the League leaguers Leicester City and they also have a joint best goal difference in the top light. DAILY POST evaluates how Chelsea could file out against the Magpies when they clash this weekend. Absent; Christian Pulisic (hamstring). Possible; Kai Havertz (Corona Virus), Thiago Silva (Fatigue), Ben Chilwell (back). Lampard has stated that Christian Pulisic would not be available for this match having pulled out of the warm-up for last month game against Sean Dyche’s Burnley side with a hamstring. The USA International is Chelsea’s only absentee due to the injury, even though summer acquisitions Thiago Silva and Kai Havertz are set to miss out from the trip to face Newcastle United. Havertz has recovered from COVID-19 issue but would focus on building his match fitness back to the maximum after isolating himself for two weeks. While Thiago Silva only returned to England on Thursday following his International link-up with the Selecao side. There should be good news concerning Ben Chilwell, though the left back was a concern with a back problem with England. But he was certified fit for the bench against Iceland and the Blues boss will be optimistic that he will be available this weekend. Antonio Rudiger could replace Thiago Silva in defence while Cesar Azpilicueta would once again remain on the substitute bench. Mateo Kovacic worked his way back into Chelsea’s team prior to the International break. And his two goals for Croatia against Portugal would have given him more advantage to start here again. Mason Mount was impressive with a goal against Iceland for Gareth Southgate’s men. While in Hakim Ziyech (Morocco) and Timo Werner (Germany), the Blues had two of the League most in-form player before the International duty. Werner was involved in 9 goals in his last seven matches across all competition and he could make record becoming the first Chelsea player to score in five successive games since Didier Drogba in November 2009. Morocco’s Hakim Ziyech began the restoration process based on the tune he’s lost on the pitch for Chelsea having made to wait for his full Premier League debut. He’s contributed three assists and scored a goal of his own on his two top-flight starts for the Londoners. He is expected to feature once again from the start in this match. Newcastle United vs. Chelsea; how Chelsea could line-up against the home side in a 4-3-3 system. Edouard Mendy; Reece James, Kurt Zouma, Antonio Rudiger, Ben Chilwell; N’Golo Kante, Mateo Kovacic, Mason Mount; Hakim Ziyech, Timo Werner, Tammy Abraham.