Manchester City face a stern test as they clash with Jose Mourinho’s men at the London Stadium. Both teams would be aiming for the three points at stake as improved places are up for grabs in the Premier League. A win for Spurs could see them finish the weekend above Leicester City if the Foxes fall at the hand of Liverpool. It promises to be a big match due to the personalities involved as we look forward to an interesting contest on the field of play. While tactical enumerations would be in view in this match, certain players are expected to get the better of their counterparts on the pitch. With the stakes high in this fixture, DAILY POST takes a look at some of the three key battles that could decide the cracker. Moussa Sissoko vs. Kevin De Bruyne Spurs midfielder, Moussa Sissoko, will be facing one of his toughest opposition this weekend as he gets set to lines up against Kevin De Bruyne. The France international would up his sleeves ahead of his duel with the creative Belgian star Kevin De Bruyne. The Belgian scored his country’s 4th goal in the 4-2 win over Denmark in the UEFA Nations League. And he should be in-form to command authority in the midfield when he comes face to face with the physical Spurs star, who Mourinho could be banking on to get the job done against De Bruyne’s creative force in the contest. Heung-Min Son vs. Kyle Walker The Asian international has been impressive alongside Harry Kane in transition. And so he should be in the right frame to perform credibly against the pacy defender on the right channel. The right back is good going forward thus supporting Manchester City’s goal scoring aspiration. But against Son, he must find a balance between his attacking forays upwards and his primary job of defending. Toby Alderweireld vs. Gabriel Jesus The battle will continue with Toby Alderweireld facing the daunting task of stopping quick-fire forward Gabriel Jesus. The match could depend on what transpired between these two-star players as we look forward to the showdown on Saturday. Both players are in good forms and would make a great feast for themselves on the pitch. It will be nice to see Toby face the mazy runs of Gabriel Jesus in attack while the acceleration of both players would be key to 50-50 contentions in the air.