Gernot Rohr would lead his side against the lowly ranked African side Sierra Leone but much would be required of the Nigerians as they play at home. As the clock ticks down to this game, there are players who are expected to determine their Super Eagles career and it promises great excitement to see how they fare during the match proper following the criticism hanging on their names. Ahead of Friday clash, DAILY POST analyses expectations from Ahmed Musa, Frank Onyeka, Zaidu Sanusi as they battle to prove themselves in the fixture. Ahmed Musa (Nigeria Captain). The Nigerian forward would be under pressure as he’s been criticized owing to his form and club criteria so to say. Musa’s call-up to the team has been relatively criticized as many Nigerians have questioned the criteria for his inclusion in the team. There is a debate among fans as to why Musa is still involved in the National team set-up after the player became a free agent. He terminated his terms of agreement with his Saudi Arabia club leaving him clubless at the moment. Musa’s performance would be of interest to the Eagles in Friday’s clash. Frank Onyeka (New Defensive Midfielder) The talented midfield player has been outstanding for his Danish club Midtjylland even as they are widely involved in the UEFA Champions League. But with the player set to fill the defensive midfield spot held in previous times, all eyes would be on his performance. The role has been played by influential figures like Sunday Oliseh, Yusuf Ayila and now the ever-present and robust midfield dynamite in the person of Wilfred Ndidi. Such could see more pressure on Onyeka as he would be expected to live up to the billing at the base of Nigeria’s Super Eagles midfield. Zaidu Sanusi (Left back from FC Porto) The new Porto recruit would be aiming to cement his place in the Super Eagles team in the left-back position. While he would love to gain ascendancy over Jamilu Collins, he would be saddled with the task of providing defensive cover and also provide attacking contributions like Nigeria have seen in the past. Such was evident in the era of Celestine Babayaro, Ifeanyi Udeze and Taye Taiwo and Nigeria would be demanding a true quality from the left-back position come Friday.