The Champions League continues on Wednesday night as we witnessed the exploits Chelsea, Club Brugge and Barcelona produced at the Europe grandest stage. As the competition progresses, DAILY POST takes a look at three key matches to watch out for in the UEFA Champions League on Wednesday night. Liverpool vs. Atalanta BC The Italian surprise package will be in the match of their lives in Europe as they confront the flaming talent of Liverpool at Anfield. The Reds are gradually reaching up to speed and every team must be wary of them ahead of every fixture like in the days ahead. It would be great to see what Atalanta forward Duvan Zapata can make up from this one after hitting the past in the first leg. The fact that Mohamed Salah would be available for this match makes it even more interesting as the Egypt star returned to action after testing positive to coronavirus last time out. Inter Milan vs. Real Madrid Real Madrid is struggling for form as they managed a 1-1 draw at the weekend. The Los Blanco’s were held owing to the form of Villarreal’s winger Samuel Chukwueze. Now against an Inter side playing at home (San Siro) Real Madrid would not find it an easy game by any means. Inter won 4-2 at the weekend and they should at least get a result in this one with the quality they’ve got in the attack. Olympiacos vs. Manchester City The Greek Champions would face the fury of English giants Manchester City as they lost 2-0 to José Mourinho’s London side at the weekend. The Citizens would aim to come back to winning ways while they are aware that a win could see them through to the knockout stages. All this would be on the mind of Spanish boss Guardiola as he aims to impress with a win after signing a two-year contract at the Etihad. Olympiacos would be out to spoil the Citizen’s aspiration with an iota of revenge after losing the first leg 3-0 in England. It promises to be a defining moment from the English sides as they face a tricky away test in Greece on Wednesday night.