The Peoples Democratic Party in Borno State have called for the cancelation of the election held in some local government areas of the state, claiming it was compromised and a shame on democracy. The PDP also alleged that the election was characterized by manipulations, diversion of sensitive electoral materials, massive thumb prints and vote buying by agents of government in the presence of security agencies and electoral officials. These allegations emerged even as supporters of the All Progressives Congress described the same election as peaceful. Recall that this is the first time Borno State is conducting a local government election after about a decade of political appointment of chairmen. Governor, Babagana Umara Zulum had on Friday during a statewide broadcast congratulated all participating political parties for playing the game according to the rules during the electioneering campaigns, giving assurance that the exercise would be conducted in a free, fair and peaceful atmosphere. The governor while in Mafa local government area to cast his vote commended the level of preparedness of the State Independent Electoral Commission (BOSIEC) and expressed satisfaction with the massive turnout of voters. His Deputy, Umar Usman Kadafur also described the conduct of the exercise in Biu and other local government areas in Southern Borno as the ‘most peaceful and orderly’. However, the Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Mr. Amos Adziba in a statement said, “The ruling APC, Borno State Government, State Independent Electoral Commission and some security agencies connived to rig the polls in all the 27 Councils.” He alleged that a serving APC member in the House of Assembly, Askira Uba Constituency, Engineer Abdullahi Musa Askira, Mr Tarpaya Asariya, a Permanent Secretary in the state Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, as well as some security agencies connived and carted away sensitive materials, including ballots, papers/boxes and results sheets to thumb print for the APC. Adziba accused the ruling party of repeating the same election fraud in other Local Government Areas of Kwaya Kusar, Shani, Hawul, Bayo amongst others. “The APC are in collusion with the State Independent Electoral Commission (SIEC), they have taken aggressive steps mostly through inducements, manipulation and incarcerations using the elements of state power including Nigerian police force and other security agencies. “The SIEC must live up to its responsibilities to correct these anomalies, because even the Governor came out publicly yesterday on a live broadcast to say the polls should be free and fair, unfortunately, the reverse is now the case today”. He said.