The Church of Christ in Nations (COCIN) has raised the alarm that government anti-corruption agencies are increasingly becoming corrupt instead of stemming the tide. The Church also accused the Nigerian Army of failing to deal with the menace of insurgents which has continued to bedevil the country for over a decade now. COCIN equally said with government’s failure to protect lives and property, which has led to abductions and kidnappings of the citizenry, “Should we conclude that our country is a failed state?” This was disclosed by COCIN President, Rev. Dachollom Datiri, while speaking at the Church’s 98th General Church Council ongoing at its headquarters in Jos, the Plateau State Capital. Datiri said, “Corruption has continued to become increasingly endemic in this country under the watch of this government. Even the anti-corruption agencies are becoming increasingly corrupt themselves. “Is our situation gone beyond redemption? He asked. “Government must sit up before this monster consumes us. He urged Christians to lead the fight against corruption, which if not adequately checked is determined to destroy the country. On the fight against insurgency, the COCIN President said, “Boko Haram has continued to cause havoc in Borno and other parts of the country. “It is hard to believe that the Nigerian Army has failed to deal with this menace all these years. “Government must stop playing politics with the precious lives of Nigerians. According to him, “If the United States forces can come into the shores of this country, rescue their citizen, kill six of the captors and left one alive as exhibit, then something is really wrong with the Nigerian government and troops”. Datiri also lamented the abduction of a clergy over a month ago, saying, “Very sadly, Rev. Polycarp Zongo is right now into his fifth week in the hands of Khalifa troops. This has caused us so much trauma and stress, and it is hard to imagine what is happening to him or what is going on in his mind. “His wife and family are terribly devastated; we must sustain and intensify prayers for his release”, he admonished. He, however, decried that, “We are beginning to hear demands of a huge amount as ransom; we call on government to step in and raise the money needed as the protection of lives is the responsibility of government; the Church cannot raised such amount of money even in a whole year”. The COCIN President further decried the alarming rate of kidnappings and armed robbery across the country, saying, “Kidnappers and armed robbers are having a field day in this country today. “COCIN has had a fair share of this oppression affecting our Pastors and members in RCCs Warari and Shimankar, to mention but a few. “Government must garner the willpower and deal with this ugly situation”, he stressed.