Nigerian government has said the real intention of Obianuju Catherine Udeh, popularly known as DJ Switch in her footage on the Lekki toll gate shooting was to tarnish the image of the country. The government further demanded to know the alleged sponsors of the popular DJ. DJ Switch who was at the Lekki Toll gate in October had live-streamed the shooting at End SARS protesters on Instagram. But the Defence Headquarters labelled videos of Massacre posted on social media as ‘photoshopped.’ DJ Switch’s live session amongst other recordings of that moment showed that there were shooting at Lekki. This was corroborated by CNN in its recent investigation on the End SARS protest. But Lai Mohammed, Nigeria’s Minister of Information and Culture on Thursday, during a press conference described DJ Switch as ‘a fraud whose intention is to tarnish the image of Nigeria with false news.’ The minister warned that ”In the fullness of time, Dj Switch will be exposed for what she is, a fraud and a front for divisive and destructive forces.” The Minister said: “Still on the alleged Lekki Toll Gate massacre, one of the purveyors of fake news and disinformation during the End SARS crisis was DJ Switch, real name Obianuju Catherine Udeh, even though she claimed to have authentic evidence of mass killings. “Surprisingly, instead of presenting whatever evidence DJ Switch may have to the Judicial Panel, she chose to escape from Nigeria under the pretext that her life was in danger. I ask: in danger from whom? The military has come out to say they never sought after her. To the best of our knowledge, the police never declared her wanted. Her conduct thus becomes suspect. Who is she fronting for? What is her real motive? Who are her sponsors? If she has any evidence of killings, why is she not presenting it to the Panel? The minister further appealed to countries not to make hasty judgement on the basis of recordings from fake news purveyors on the End SARS protest. “At this juncture, we want to appeal to countries that have made hasty judgements on the basis of fake news and disinformation emanating from the End SARS crisis to endeavour to seek and find the truth,” he added.