Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has commenced strategic plans aimed at unseating the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. The party made unsuccessful attempt in 2015 to return to power through its candidate, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. It has now gone back to the drawing board and this time, the youths are being projected to lead the battle. A youth summit is scheduled to hold in the six geo-political zones of the country. Inaugurating the South-East planning committee for the event in Enugu, on Wednesday, the National Chairman of the Party, Prince Uche Secondus said it was time for the youths to take the centre stage. He said power would shift to the youths as the elders had failed to meet the expectations of the people. “Power will shift to the youths, we can’t continue to say leaders of tomorrow, the tomorrow should be now. “The elders have failed this country without any apology, so the youths should rise up. We can’t continue to watch while the country is drifting away. “We have our next election in Anambra State and we are going to show force. We should not take this summit as a joke “Igbos are known for excellence, so I want us to show others the way, let us make Southeast pride, let us make PDP pride. The young have been agitating for power, this is the time to show what you can do with very important assignments.” On his part, the National Youth leader of the PDP, Hon. Sunday Ude-Okoye urged the youths to show capacity by living to the demands of the summit. “This is time for young ones to prove that we are not a divisive tribe, a lot of people see the Igbo that we can’t come together, but we are going to work together starting from this committee “Our generation has to bring a change, our generation has to show Nigerians that we are unique. If we unite, we can move mountain, I beg everyone to demonstrate peace, oneness “When NWC approved this programme, it said it should take off from Southeast and that is because the next governorship election will be in Anambra State. So the entire Southeast has to plan and retake Anambra State, it belongs to the PDP.” The summit planning committee is chaired by Peter Aniekwe Udeogaranya, while the vice chairman is Chidiebere Goodluck. Chibuzor Okafor will be the secretary. DAILY POST reports that the South-East will kick-off the event early December, while other zones will follow later.