Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Senator representing Adamawa North Senatorial District, Elisha Ishaku Abbo has defected to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). He announced his defection through the Senate President, Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan on Wednesday. 2. Nigeria’s Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed, has given a clear hint that the country’s land borders may be reopened soon. Ahmed told newsmen on Wednesday that the presidential committee set up on the matter has completed its job and has recommended its reopening, adding that the committee would soon submit its report to President Muhammadu Buhari. 3. Security agents including soldiers, officials of State Security Service among others on Wednesday stormed the University of Ibadan. 4. The Governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai, has again flayed the idea of zoning of political positions. Speaking at the Nigerian Economic Summit in Abuja, El-Rufai insisted that no country progresses with such an arrangement. 5. The Federal Government, on Wednesday, revealed that it has reached out to the British Government over the threat by the UK Parliament, to impose sanctions on Nigerian officials over their roles in the End SARS protests. The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, stated this while fielding questions from State House reporters at the end of the weekly virtual Federal Executive Council, FEC, meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari, said the Nigerian government has reached out to present its own side of the story. 6. Niger State Government has announced that full salaries will not be paid to workers due to a reduction in its federal allocation. The state government proposed to pay workers 70 per cent of their salaries, a decision which organized labour rejected. 7. The Transmission Company of Nigeria has said Nigeria requires nothing less than N1tn to effectively wheel electricity through the national grid. The Executive Director, Transmission Service Provider, TCN, Victor Adewumi, at the 52nd Power Dialogue of the Nigeria Electricity Hub on which held online in Abuja on Wednesday, said TCN would require the sum to make the country’s power grid stable, adding that the $1.6bn which the transmission company was getting from international agencies would not be enough to stablilise the grid. 8. Irate youths have reportedly set Agofure Motors ablaze after it crushed two brothers at Owhelogbo Community, in Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta State. 9. Irate youths have reportedly set Agofure Motors ablaze after it crushed two brothers at Owhelogbo Community, in Isoko North Local Government Area of Delta State, DAILY POST reports. The vehicle was trying to maneuver its way out of a traffic jam caused by Oleh indigenes who barricaded the road in protests of the gruesome murder of twelve of their indigenes, when it rammed into a motorcycle, killed the rider and his brother on the spot. The vehicle was trying to maneuver its way out of a traffic jam caused by Oleh indigenes who barricaded the road in protests of the gruesome murder of twelve of their indigenes, when it rammed into a motorcycle, killed the rider and his brother on the spot. 10. Argentina Football legend Diego Maradona is dead. The former Argentina player died after suffering a cardiac arrest, according to reports in Argentina.