Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has posited that it was actually former Vice President, Barrack Obama that plotted the downfall of President Donald Trump in the US presidential election. He noted that Obama was the secret behind Biden’s success, adding that the ex-president is a great strategist and a man of great foresight and insight. “Barack Obama actually plotted President Trump’s downfall from the day he relinquished power to him in 2017,” he said in a chat with DAILY POST on Tuesday. According to the senior lawyer and 2023 presidential hopeful, Obama knew that Trump may not likely win the second tenure. “Obama and Biden undoubtedly had the most robust relationship in the White House. One doubts, if there is any President that had a better working relationship than that of Obama/Biden Presidency. “Barack Obama and Joe Biden shared a bond that goes beyond politics, and they were never afraid to show it. The truth of the matter is that they both hatched the plan of what we are seeing today, while they were in the White House. “Obama knew that Hillary Clinton won’t be President of America, he only played along as a loyal and devoted party man. Obama was in the know that Joe Biden will one day rule America. In 2017, before handing over to Trump, he awarded Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom with distinction. “This is an indirect way of cleverly anointing Joe Biden as one qualified to rule America. Obama was instrumental in ensuring that Harry Marshall became Biden running mate. “Obama once referred to Biden as the best VP America has ever had. He strategically positioned Biden to one day become the President of America. “There are basically seven things that made their relationship thick, while they were in the White House,they profess their love for each other, they fight to pay each other’s bills, they offer each other fashion advice, they work out together, they post heartfelt social media tributes, they are always there for each other and finally but very important, they trust each other 100 per cent. “This made Obama to go all out to ensure that Joe Biden wins the US Presidential election. Americans should look forward to something great as Joe Biden takes over in January 2021.”