Kaduna residents have lamented the recent increase in the pump prices of petroleum products. Many say their monthly earnings can no longer sustain them due to increase in prices of food items, transportation and house rent. Others appealed to President Buhari to intervene in the general cost of living as there are no jobs to cushion the effect of the price hikes, as well as the high rate of insecurity in the country. President of unemployed youths in Kaduna State, Mr. Joseph Madaki explained that many married men have abandoned their responsibilities due to unemployment, high cost of feeding and the inability to provide for their families. According to him, ” some of us graduated from the University 9-10 years ago, without jobs. Some have gone for their post-graduate programs, thinking at the end of their studies, a job will come, but to no avail. Also speaking, a food transporter in Kaduna State, Mrs. Rhoda Ajanaku said the cost of transportation has hindered her from going to the East to buy foodstuffs to sell in Kaduna. According to her, ”I will no longer risk my life for food items business due to the cost of hiring buses and other risks involved. Before now, with 300,000 Naira, I can gain 150,000 Naira after all the expenses. But now, I run at a loss due to the high cost of foodstuffs, transportation and sundry expenses.” A civil servant in the Kaduna State Ministry of Education who did not want her name in print said her salary can no longer sustain her. “As a Senior Officer, I cannot boast of saving 1,000 Naira monthly. My children can no longer go to school, feeding them has become a serious problem.” DAILY POST recalls that the Petroleum Products Marketing Company, a subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, had on Thursday increased the ex-depot price of petrol from N147.67 per litre to N155.17. Following the announcement, the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria said the implication was that the pump price of petrol would range from N168 to N170 per litre