As Manchester United battles Arsenal in the Premier League, It promises to be the key game of the week owing to the talent that could feature on the pitch. Both sides have fought each other in the past seasons with some measure of rivalry and the same will be evident again as they lock horns on the Sunday showdown. But despite the competition that has existed between these two EPL giants, there are certain players that have managed to feature for the two clubs. DAILY POST takes a look at some of the players that had defining career playing for these two sides – Manchester United and Arsenal. Robin Van Persie (Striker) The Dutch Superstar had a long career at the London club having moved from home club, PSV Eindhoven. He has Arsenal Wenger to give the credit as he was spotted at the young age of 21 as at then. He became a household name at Arsenal towards the end of Thierry Henry and Emmanuel Adebayor’s stay at the club. He then moved over to join Manchester United during his time as Arsenal Captain. He ended up winning the Premier League alongside the legendary striker Wayne Rooney at his time with the Red Devils before leaving to join Nigerian powerful striker Emmanuel Emenike at Fenerbahce. He had a fulfilling career playing for Arsenal and Manchester United. Mikael Silvestre (Defender) The France International spent his time at Manchester United before joining Arsenal. It was a blissful career he had at Old Trafford where he won the League title alongside legendary figures like Paul Scholes, Cristiano Ronaldo and Ryan Giggs. He later joined Arsenal as the Red Devils defence became relatively competitive, especially for his age and physical make-up as a player. He would be renowned as one of the players who have done well for both clubs as we look forward to an interesting match between both sides on Sunday. Danny Welbeck (striker) The Manchester United star was exemplary playing for Manchester club as he thrived alongside players like Darren Fletcher and Wayne Rooney. He had an amazing promotion from the youth ranks at Old Trafford just like Crystal Palace winger, Wilfred Zaha. He was one of the young lads that achieved great things under Sir Alex Ferguson at the club. But with injury taking his toil later on in his career as well as the departure of Sir Alex, his move to Arsenal became imminent. He had a couple of positive moment with the London side, just like former Arsenal striker, Lucas Perez had before injury forced him to join the now relegated Watford side before the end of last season.