The All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, in Umuahia North Local Government area in Abia Central Senatorial District has formally collapsed its entire structures into the All Progressives Congress, APC. Speaking during the event held in Umuahia, on Wednesday, the APGA Chairman, Leonard Ogbonna said the party(APGA) has become almost nonexistent in the state with the exit of Alex Otti. Alex Otti was the 2015 and 2019 gubernatorial Candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, in Abia State, now a chieftain of the All Progressive Congress, APC. But, the APGA chairman, Leonard Ogbonna and members who had earlier registered with the APC in their different wards explained that with the exit of party members, the party literally went into a coma, with zero activities at all levels. “It is a known fact that Abia APGA has mortgaged its fortunes, because of impunity and corruption seen during and after 2019 general elections. The ugly scenario witnessed during 2018 primaries led to the party’s abysmal failure and had caused many leaders and stakeholders to dump APGA for parties”. DAILY POST recalls that Alex Otti had a few months ago declared for the All Progressives Congress (APC) at his Ward, Ehi na Uguru, Nvosi Isialangwa South LGA of the state, after which he was received by the state leadership of the APC led by the State Chairman, Hon. Donatus Nwankpa and other members of the state executive. Following Otti’s defection, many respected leaders of the party and thousands of supporters from different local governments quickly abandoned APGA for the APC, a development that has massively affected the fortunes of All Progressive Grand Alliance, APGA at all levels. The Umuahia North Chairman of the All Progressives Congress(APC), Chika Nwachukwu, assured defected APGA members for taking bold steps in the collective quests to enthrone a people-oriented government. He warned the decampees to shun any negative tendency that is capable of attracting disciplinary action, reiterating the determination of the party in forming next government in Abia State.