The Lagos State Government has confirmed positive COVID-19 cases in a secondary boarding school on the mainland. Akin Abayomi, Commissioner for Health, made the announcement in a statement Friday night. A member of the school’s staff was confirmed positive to COVID-19 on the 2nd of November. Contact tracing has revealed that a student and four contacts of the staff member are positive to COVID-19. Abayomi noted that the staff fell ill for a few days and received first aid at the school clinic. She subsequently tested positive for COVID-19 on Monday 2nd of November at the Lagos State Biobank. The Lagos State COVID-19 Incident Command System through the Emergency Operation Center is investigating the incident. “We would like to assure members of the public and stakeholders of the school that the situation is completely under control. Steps are being taken to contain the spread within the school and reduce exposure to the outside community. All parents are being contacted first through the PTA and a family zoom call is being arranged to further allay their fears. “It is important to note that COVID-19 presents with very mild symptoms in children and teenagers, compared to other age groups. However, there is the risk of infected children transmitting the disease to adults who they interact with daily and who may be at higher risk of severe disease and death. “Members of the Emergency Operation Center Lagos, NCDC and our counterparts in the Ministry of Education have been deployed in the school to provide strategic interventions and support. These include psychosocial support, infection prevention control, medical monitoring and risk communication experts to further enlighten affected people”, the statement read. It added that COVID-19 is still active, adding that everyone must strive to prioritize the safety of all, including students and teachers. The commissioner appealed to residents to adhere strictly to prevention protocols and guidelines issued by the government. Citizens were asked to call the 08000EKOMED or 08000356633 toll-free line, if they notice any sign or symptoms of COVID19, which include fever, cough, sore throat, fatigue or loss of taste or smell.