Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) has confirmed that the nation’s electricity grid experienced multiple trippings on Sunday morning, which led to the collapse of the system. Mrs. Ndidi Mbah, the TCN General Manager, Public Affairs, in a statement on Sunday, also apologized to Nigerians and customers over the national grid collapse. 2. The United Nations on Sunday added its voice in condemning the barbaric act perpetrated on innocent farmers at Koshobe village of Mafa Local Government Area of Borno State in northeast Nigeria. The UN, Mr. Edward Kallon, Resident and Humanitarian Coordinator in Nigeria, said the UN also may have decided not to keep mum on the killings revealing that, at least 110 civilians were ruthlessly killed and many others were wounded in the attack. 3. Femi Gbajabiamila, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, has condemned the killing of over 40 farmers by Boko Haram in Borno State. Gbajabiamila called for more military action against Boko Haram, adding that the lives of the farmers should not go in vain. 4. Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, on Sunday, called out Abubakar Shekau, leader of Boko Haram sect over the killing of rice farmers in Borno State. Fani-Kayode described Boko Haram and Shekau as the greatest plague that ever afflicted Nigeria. 5. The Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi has said there is nothing wrong with calls for the restructuring of the country, but insists getting rid of hunger and poverty is more critical to the federal government. Amaechi, who stated this on Sunday, while speaking on Channels Television’s Sunday Politics, said creating jobs for the people will keep them away from crime. 6. A former presidential candidate in the last general elections, Kingsley Moghalu has said President Muhammadu Buhari-led government is not capable of protecting Nigerians. Moghalu, who said this on Sunday while reacting to the killing of 43 farmers by Boko Haram terrorists in Borno State, said the recent tragedy shows Nigeria is becoming a failed state under Buhari. 7. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Sunday, condemned the beheading of 43 farmers by Boko Haram insurgents in Zabarmari, Borno State. PDP said the action was an indication of President Muhammadu Buhari’s failure to ensure the safety of Nigerians. 8. Benue State Police Command has confirmed the killing of Karl Kwaghger, an Associate Professor with the Federal University of Agriculture Makurdi (UMA), by unknown gunmen on Saturday night. The lifeless body of Kwaghger, who lectured at the Mechanical Engineering Department of the university, was found around 11p.m. within the Tarka Foundation premises, Makurdi. 9. No fewer than seven people have died in an early morning attack on Jemaa Local Government Area of Kaduna State. Gunmen stormed Ungwan Bido village on Sunday, killing residents. Two children have yet to be found after the attack. 10. The Plateau State Police Command has confirmed the killing of two persons at Kugiya market in Bukuru, Jos South Local Government Area of the state. ASP Ubah Ogaba, the command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), said that the incident had generated tension in the community, thereby urging the Police to deploy armed personnel in the area in order to restore peace.