The Bauchi State Police Command on Saturday disclosed that 19 thugs, popularly called Sara suka, were arrested by its operatives in connection with last Saturday’s attack on members of the State peace and security committee, known as Yan Committee, at Kofar Dumi. DAILY POST had reported on Tuesday that six of the Yan Committee members sustained varying degree of injuries in the attach in which their Toyota Hilux van and another vehicle belonging to a Juma’at mosque in the area were set ablaze by the hoodlums. The command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mohammed Ahmed Wakil, had confirmed the attack to DAILY POST, adding that some of the hoodlums had been arrested. In a press release he made available to journalists in Bauchi on Saturday, Wakil disclosed that 19 hoodlums were arrested by the police. “On the 14/11/2020 at about 1313hrs information received from reliable sources that some hoodlums about twenty in numbers went and attacked office of committee security members (‘Yan Committee) located at Kofar Dumi Bauchi and burnt their Hilux van, while six of the security committee members sustained various degree of injuries and they were rushed to Bauchi State Specialist Hospital for treatment. “On receipt of the complaint, Commissioner of Police (CP) charged the tactical team of the Command to arrest perpetrators. “The team led by Commander RSS swung into action and carried out series of raid at criminal hideouts, flashpoints and black spots,” the PPRO, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) stated. According to him, the command’s tactical team arrested the following suspects in connection with the crime: Mubarak Hashim; Umar Ibrahim, aka Dan Kwaram; Khalid Ibrahim; Yahaya Ibrahim; Mohammed Sani, aka Mai Laya; Abdulmajeed Muktar, aka Dila and Abubakar Dahiru. The police spokesman stated that Mustapha Muhammed, aka Maidala; Suleiman Suleiman, aka Babaji; Muktar Abdullahi, aka Junior; Naziru Jibrin, aka Grap; Musa Bala, aka Army; Abubakar Bala, aka Gashi; Isiyaku Adamu, aka Na Malama; Nazir Isma’ila, aka Ola; Abubakar Sanusi, aka Abba; Adamu Ahmad, aka Ado; Rabi’u Umar aka Rabson and Bashir Yahaya, aka Basho, were also arrested. “All suspects mentioned above will be profiled and charged to court immediately,” Wakil stated. In another development, the police spokesman said that a gang of nine armed robbers, whose ages range between 18 and 22, were arrested for robbery at Gudum Hausawa and IDC Zango areas of Bauchi metropolis. “On 18/11/2020 at about 0136hrs information received from Gudum Hausawa villagers that gangs of armed bobbers stormed into Gudum Hausawa and I.D.C Zango area of Bauchi on mob act. “On receipt of the information DPO ‘D’ Division swung into action and led a team of patrol to arrest nine suspects,” he said. Those arrested, according to Wakil are Ahmed Umar (22); Mohammed Danladi (20); Abdulsalam Ali (22); Abdulmumni Zakari Ya’u (18); Umar Aliyu (21); Ibrahim Ahmed (21); Ahmed Adamu (18); Usman Yunusa (18) and Basiru Sabo (18). The police spokesman further disclosed that exhibits recovered from the suspects included nine set of wrappers; five yards of Shedda; three laptops; one electric iron; three set of mobile phones and two Jincheng ladies’ motorcycle. Also recovered from the suspects, according to Wakil, were the sum of N90,000 cash; charms; seven cutlasses, one knife; jewelry and rings and one pair of shoe. He added that the police are making effort to arrest other suspected members of the gang who escaped to unknown destination.