A 62-year-old man, Micheal Oyelowo was on Monday arraigned before an Osogbo Magistrates’ Court for alleged impersonation. Oyelowo was charged on four-count charges bordering on false representation, false sworn affidavit, and a misdemeanour to cause a breach of peace. The Police Prosecutor, Inspector Lamidi Rasaq alleged that the accused did parade himself as the Baale of Ogbaaga under Ayedaade Local Government. According to the charge sheet, Oladeji between the month of November 2005 till date at Ogbaga via Gbongan did falsely present himself to be Baale of Ogbaga. The charge sheet read: “On the 17th of March, 2010 at the High court of Justice Registry Ikire in the aforementioned Magisterial District, the accused did swear a false affidavit in Suit No. ARE/25/2007 especially in paragraph 2 and 7 of the same affidavit that you are the present Baale of Ogbaga via Gbongan under Ayedade Local Government which knowing fully to you to be false.” The accused and others now at large were further alleged to have committed misdemeanour likely to cause a breach of the peace between January 2006 and 2019. Oyelowo and others also incited people against Baale Ekanade Ajani Amusan, calling him an illegal and fake Baale of Ogbaga. The offences contravene and are punishable under Sections 484, 117, 118, 517, and 249 (D) of the Criminal Code Cap 34 Vol. II Laws of Osun State of Nigeria 2002. The accused pleaded not guilty to the charges slammed against him. Defence Counsel, J. A Adeboye applied for the bail of the defendant in the most liberal terms, adding that the accused is “a community leader and won’t jump bail.” In a swift reaction, the Prosecutor opposed the bail on the basis that, since the beginning of arraignment of the accused, he has never allowed peace to reign in the community by parading himself as the Baale of Ogbaaga also threatening to kill a chief, Baale Ekanade Amusan.” However, J. A. Adeboye prayed the court to dismiss the objection, maintaining that it is “accusation from the arch-enemy.” The presiding Magistrate Aishat Olayade granted the bail application of N500,000 and two sureties in like sum. She, thereafter, adjourned the matter to January 28th, 2021 for hearing.