The newly installed Emir of Zazzau, Ambassador Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli, has reiterated his call on all contenders who sought the Emirship to join hands in working for the progress of the Emirate, Kaduna State and the country as large. Speaking after his installation as the 19th Emir of Zazzau, Ambassador Bamalli said there was much work to be done in the service of the people of Kaduna State. “I reach out to you to work in the spirit of the brotherhood we share in Islam as well as that we share through the many blood connections between our clans. There are many societal issues that we wish to help our people surmount, this can only be effectively achieved through the concerted efforts of us all.” He said, “I would further like to appreciate the Kaduna State Government for selecting me as Emir following consultations with the Kaduna State Council of Chiefs.” He noted that the occasion was auspicious in more ways than one noting that his installation date marks 100 years since Mallam Aliyu Sidi Abdul-Qadir was deposed as Emir of Zazzau by the British. He said Aliyu Sidi Abdu-Qadir was a principled man and the fourth and last reigning Emir from the Mallawa Clan to which he belonged. “I am therefore proud to be his successor, as well as that of Mallam Abubakar Musa, Mallam Sidi Abdul-Qadir Musa, and Mallam Musa, who was the flagbearer of Shehu Usman dan Fodio, first Fulani Emir of Zazzau, my great-great-grandfather and the founder of the Mallawa Clan,” he added. The Emir explained that he has always taken great interest and have a deep commitment and strong appreciation for the traditions and history of Northern Nigeria like his late father, Magajin Garin Zazzau Mallam Nuhu Bamalli. He said that there is no greater time to enhance and promote the institution of traditional leadership than as an Emir and pledged to continue the good works of all his predecessors. “I intend to build on his legacy as well as adapt methodologies to reflect modern times, by embracing technology and communication in order to keep up with the rapid changes taking place all around us. We intend to do this without losing the essence of our traditions and practices,” he assured. He said his accession to the exalted throne of Zazzau, whilst seen as controversial by some, is undoubtedly the will of Allah and urged all to come together so that united they can collectively rebuild the fragmented society, region and indeed the country at large. He thanked the Kaduna State Government for its tireless efforts in undertaking a great number of public works under the stewardship of Governor Nasir Ahmad El Rufai, adding that these works and policies have positively impacted the people of Zazzau Emirate. He stressed, “Our Agenda for the Emirate is one of security, peace and development. We shall roll out our plan and call on everyone to support us as we honourably discharge this responsibility before
God.” 