After the international break, action returned across Europe as hostilities ensured in various matches billed for the weekend. Teams were eager to make amends with a reputable performance on the pitch while others consolidated in their position in the League. And as always, Nigerian exports were not left out of the picture, as some of them made their marks in the weekend fixtures. A couple of them were in scintillating forms for their sides, while others were missing in action. With the exploits of Nigerian players abroad at the weekend, DAILY POST evaluates how some of them fared across Europe for their respective club sides. England-Premier League Everton’s midfielder, Alex Iwobi was in action as they overcame Fulham 2-3 at Craven Cottage. Iwobi played 90 minutes in an unfamiliar wingback position and impressed relatively in Everton’s away win. In the Fulham side, defender Ola Aina and Tosin Adarabioyo played for the entire duration of the game. Impressive winger Ademola Lookman also featured for 90 minutes in Fulham’s defeat. He assisted Ruben Loftus Cheek’s 70th-minute goal, which reduced the deficit for the home side. Spain-Laliga Santander Granada’s Ramon Azeez was not in action as his side lost 1-3 to the modest Laliga side Real Valladolid. He’s probably still out due to injury. German-Bundesliga Nigeria and Union Berlin’s striker Taiwo Awoniyi opened the scoring for his side in the 27th minute as they rallied to a 1-2 away win against FC Koln. Taiwo Awoniyi lasted 73rd minute before making way for Cedric Teuchert. While Kingsley Ehizibue came on in the 79th minute to replace Marius Wolf in the FC Koln side. Italy-Serie A Injured Victor Osimhen was missing in action for SSC Napoli at the weekend. They lost 1-3 at home to Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s AC Milan side. Zlatan scored twice in the 20th and 54th minutes as his side ensured an emphatic win over Osimhen’s side. Netherlands-Eredivisie FC Twente’s Tyronne Ebuehi lasted the distance as his side drew 1-1 at home with PSV Eindhoven. Elsewhere, SC Heerenveen young midfielder Hamdi Jobi Akujobi who helped Chidera Ejuke settle at the Dutch club was on the substitute bench as his side drew 1-1 with modest Dutch side RKC Waalwijk. Portugal-Cup Chidozie Awaziem’s Boavista beat Vizela 0-1 in the Portuguese cup competition. Chidozie Awaziem was in action for the entire duration. Belgium-Jupiler League Paul Onuachu was on target scoring his sides’ (Genk) third goal in the games. He got his goal in the 63rd minute before making way for his compatriot and Nigeria international striker Cyriel Dessers in the 87th minute. RC Genk won 4-1 over Royal Excel Mouscron. Turkey-Super Lig Anthony Nwakaeme’s Trabzonspor defeated Erzurum BB 1-0 at the weekend. Nwakaeme was in action for 86th minutes before making way for Bilal Basacikoglu. Turkey-1st Lig Nigeria striker Sunday Alimi was in action for 90 minutes for his side Eskisehirspor. They lost 4-1 to Adana Demispor away from home on Sunday. Denmark-Superliga Frank Onyeka was in top form for his side, FC Midtjylland as they won 1-2 against AGF. Onyeka scored his side’s first goal in the 27th minute and assisted his side’s second goal in the 34th minute of the game. He was in action for 90 minutes. Sweden-Allsvenskan Youngster (former Nigerian U-17 midfield star) Akinwumi Amoo made a late cameo appearance in the 90 minutes. He replaced Jeppe Anderson in his side’s (Hammarby) 2-2 draw with Malmoe FF.