The Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, has declared that it is unfortunate for Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State to deny his identity. The pro-Biafra group spoke during a celebration of the 87th posthumous birthday of late Igbo leader, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu. Leader of MASSOB, Comrade Uchenna Madu in his speech condemned the alleged killings ongoing in Obigbo area of Rivers State. He said the MASSOB was in condemnation of “the genocidal and atrocious activities of Nigeria Army against the people of Biafra in Obigbo. “MASSOB sees Governor Nyesom Nwike’s denial of his Igbo identity as unfortunate and unstableness. “MASSOB sues for peace and normalcy to return in Obigbo. We remind Gov Wike that the presidency or the Fulani cabals will never honour him for killing his people.” Speaking on Ojukwu’s birthday, he said “Today being 4th of November ought to be a special significant day in Igboland, a historic day in the history of Biafra, aday set aside by God himself for the purpose of establishing a man, a leading figure, a symbol of his divine plan for the emancipation of His chosen race, a day the greatest Igbo man that ever lived was born. His name is Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu (Eze Igbo Gburugburu). ‘Ojukwu is the only Igboman that his generation, present generation and future generation will always respect, honour and adore. “Ndigbo awesomely reverence him as our second god. I don’t wish to dwell much on the vision, mission, integrity and legacy of Eze Igbo Gburugburu, but I must point out that many Igbo persons are struggling, working or pressing to be like Ojukwu, even to be seen, addressed or worshiped like Ojukwu, many are into this journey for self glory and self pride which ultimately leads to self destruction while some are into it to make a positive point but in all, nobody can possess one quarter of Ojukwu’s exploit. “Today, MASSOB is celebrating, honouring and observing the 87th posthumous birthday of Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu (Eze Igbo Gburugburu). We are celebrating a living legend, a symbol of Igboism, the lion that his fear conquers the enemies of Ndigbo.” He said the group gathered to “reflect, refresh and revive the consciousness of Ojukwuism in Igboland. “MASSOB is charging Igbo leaders who are once close Ojukwu associates, leaders who walked with Ojukwu while he was alive, leaders whom Ojukwu testified of their ingenuity, uprightness and loyalty to his vision, Igbo leaders who are very close to Ojukwu even in his death to rise up, to uphold and inculcate the legacies, visions, mission of Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu into consciousness of the younger generation.”