Governor Bello Mohammed Matawalle of Zamfara State has directed all Emirs and Chiefs in the State to stay put in their domain. The Governor was speaking at the opening of a one-day Security meeting with traditional rulers, the Council of Ulama and Heads of Security operatives in the State at the Government House. This was contained in a press statement signed and made available to newsmen in Gusau, the State capital by the head of media and public enlightenment to the governor, Hon. Zailani Bappa. “Henceforth, no Emir or Chief is allowed to pass a night outside his domain. You must stay with your people at all times to address the problems of security in your area. “As for those who aid and abet insecurity in the state, I say enough is enough. We shall return your wickedness and heartlessness with the wrath you will never envisage”, he warned. Matawalle explained that the State government has been very lenient due to the nature of the delicate approach to negotiations and peace efforts with bandits in the State. He, however, noted that the leniency was being taken for granted by unscrupulous elements in Zamfara politics who chose to compound the insecurity situations in the State. “All Local Government Chairmen in the State are also directed to stay put at their Local Government Areas because they are the Chief Security officers of their respective areas. It is, therefore, prohibited for them to be spending their nights outside their areas unless on crucial official duty,” he added. The Governor said that with the recent happenings in the state where scores of attacks were carried out in some parts of the state, it is evident that the hands of bad politicians is in play. “The state government is doing all it can to maintain peace and order in the state, but some people are obviously more exited when they hear of attacks by bandits. In their bid to portray our administration as a failure, they do not care how many lives of our brothers and sisters are being wasted in the attacks. “Left to me as a person, I will be contented with a one term in office if the price is to lose innocent lives of our people. No leadership is worth it when the price is the blood of the innocent,” he said. He then said the orders he had given will be observed for the next three months, saying that anyone who violated the above orders would lose his job. The meeting, which later held behind closed doors, was attended by all the traditional rulers in the state, the heads of all security operatives in the state, all the leadership of the Council of Ulama in the state and important government dignitaries.