Nigeria’s Minister of Interior and former Governor of Osun State, Rauf Aregbesola, has applauded the prison’s rejection of hoodlums who were arrested for looting across the country. The Minister explained that Police officers didn’t follow the laid down COVID -19 protocols, hence, accepting the suspects who were arrested over alleged arson and looting during the End SARS protests would create another problem for prison authorities. The Minister, who spoke with journalists at the National Assembly on Tuesday after a budget defence, insisted: “The police did not observe necessary COVID-19 health protocols in requesting the correctional services to remand the suspects.” He pointed out that prison authority has been abreast of what to do in the circumstance that suspects were brought before it, hence, the Police’s handling of suspects were not in consonance with the laid down protocols, adding that, it was unsafe for suspects to be admitted into their facilities. He further reiterated government’s commitment to the employment exercise of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, which was advertised in 2019, saying that government was working towards ensuring a smooth exercise. Asked to speak on US military operations in Nigerian territories last week that saw the rescue of US citizen, Phillip Walton, he declined, stating that the Presidency has addressed the issue. “The Presidency has addressed the issue and there is no need for me to speak.” Meanwhile, the Senate has lamented the disturbing security situation in the country. According to the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Interior, Sen. Kashim Shettima (Borno Central), the outcome of the EndSars protests, and the Covid-19 pandemic “does not allow us keep them here.” “As we speak, some parts of Europe are experiencing the second wave of Covid-19,” he added. He however pointed out that the Senate would ensure that the ministry’s budget “was subjected to microscopic scrutiny,” insisting that it has not suspended deliberations on the 2021 appropriation bill.