Italian side Inter Milan will look to ignite their 2020-2021 UEFA champions league campaign when they take the trig to face Real Madrid on Tuesday night. Inter Milan have picked up two draws in their first two games in Europe and this left them third in the group, one point and a spot above Real Madrid. Antonio Conte and his side will also enter the European clash with Real Madrid on the back of a draw in Serie A as they drew 2-2 with Parma Calcio 1913. DAILY POST takes a look at how Inter Milan could line-up against Madrid. Absent; Matias Vecino (knee) Possible: Romelu Lukaku (muscle), Stefano Sensi (muscle), Alexis Sanchez (unspecified) Inter Milan would surely make do of the services of Matias Vecino due to a knee injury. But Belgian forward Romelu Lukaku, Stefano Sensi and Alexis Sanchez are all likely to be available for the match against Real Madrid. Muscle injury is likely to keep out Lukaku for the duel against Madrid even as the Belgian International missed out against Parma, and it would be really amazing to see him in the Inter side for Tuesday’s clash at Madrid. Alexis Sanchez is also a doubt following an unspecified issue, but it is hoped that the former Barcelona forward was rested at the weekend with the aim of getting him ready for Inter’s starting eleven against Real Madrid. This could see Ivan Perisic start on the left, with Nicolo Barella, Marcelo Brozovic and Arturo Vidal likely lining up as the midfield players in a 3-5-2 format. Italian boss Antonio Conte has plenty of players to make changes in the middle of the Park, while Ashley Young and Matteo Darmian will also be considered for one of the two-wing back spots. Argentine star Lautaro Martinez should definitely start for Inter Milan and he would be motivated to make a strong impression against a Real Madrid side reported to be interested in his services. Real Madrid vs. Inter Milan; How Antonio Conte’s Men Could Line-Up At Spanish Side Real Madrid Samir Handanovic; Danilo D’ Ambrosio, Stefan De Virj, Alessando Bastoni; Achraf Hakimi, Nicolo Barella, Mateo Brozovic, Arturo Vida, Ivan Perisic; Alexis Sanchez, Lautaro Martinez.