Former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose says his next ambition in life is to become Nigeria’s President or a Pastor. He, however, did not mention when he plans to pursue such ambition, saying God’s time does not always agree with human calculations. He said God had been so kind to him in his journeys through life, saying the best way to appreciate him is to work for him. He also said he had forgiven all persons that had offended him, in and outside of office, declaring that a good number of his most dependable and trusted followers who he lifted up from nothing, had either deserted him or teemed up with his political foes, moments after realizing he was no longer in power. He went on to reel out names of some of his former trusted aides that he claimed let him down after leaving office to team up with his perceived political foes. The former Governor, who featured on a live programme aired on People’s FM, (104.1)9 an Ado Ekiti based radio station, on Saturday night where he addressed the people of the state, said whichever that comes first out of the two ambitions, would be his ultimate choice. He, however, debunked rumour that he was nursing ambition to become a senator, saying he hates being a senator who would be making laws that the executive would not have the courage to implement. DAILY POST Correspondent who monitored the programme, reports that Fayose said he was eminently qualified to become Nigeria’s president if people like Olusegun Obasasnjo, Goodluck Jonathan and Muhammadu Buhari could be so graced to be presidents. According to him, his popularity, courageous spirit, unique contributions to the upliftment of Ekiti State and other remarkable contributions to lifting different categories of people with no hope of becoming anything in life across the country, were enough credentials to make him become Nigeria’s president. The former governor expressed gratitude to his wife, Feyisetan for standing by him through thick and thin, stressing that her support and cooperation played important roles in his political life. He also thanked others who believed so much in his philosophy, vision and mission, charging residents to be peaceful in their approach to issues, no matter the volume of provocation.