The Progressive Yoruba Youth (PYY) has passed a vote of no confidence on the Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry. The panel was set up to investigate police brutality and high handedness across the State. The group said the panel has so far come short of high expectations of Lagosians. The group’s National President, Kola Salawu, made their position known at a press conference on Tuesday in Lagos. PYY said that Lagos risks another outbreak of violence if the panel fails to get to the root of matters about human rights abuses. The Yoruba youth group said that due to pressure from Sanwo-Olu, the panel may not arrive at a fair, objective and just conclusions on what transpired at Lekki. The group wants the panel to be disbanded and the body of tainted evidence it has collected so far must be discountenanced. “Our specific reference is to the Judicial Panel of Inquiry set up by the Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanw-Oolu to look into incidence of brutality and human rights abuses by operatives of the defunct Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS)” the group said. With the developments at the panel, PYY said there could be a miscarriage of justice if care was not taken. PYY pointed out that while setting up the panel, Lagosians had hope and expected that things will move on smoothly. It cried out that the panel is becoming more of a circus show, adding that a member of the panel has been running riot all over the public opinion space and making comments that are prejudicial to the eventual outcome of whatever work the panel does. PYY lamented that at the moment the Sanwo-Olu panel has fallen into the trap of a made-for-television reality show. “In a situation where the Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry continues along the line of previous panels that failed, it means that we potentially risk another outbreak of violence,” the youths warned. The group further alleged that from its findings, the panel is acting from a script, one written and clandestinely handed to it by Governor Sanwo-Olu when setting it up. Recall that the Women for Peace, Justice and Human Rights had during the week called on the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu to stay away from the state’s Panel of Inquiry and Restitution probing the alleged shooting of End SARS protesters in Lekki toll gate. The group said the panel was a charade put together to deceive people of the State and absolve Sanwo-Olu of any wrongdoing in the Lekki toll gate incident.