A host of matches was played in the African continent as various teams battled to join sides like Algeria, Senegal and Tunisia in the list of qualifies teams at the AFCON showpiece slated in Cameroon. Topsides like Tunisia and Nigeria were held to draw while Mali and Hakim Ziyech’s led side Morocco recorded an impressive away win, it was indeed a competitive fiesta in the qualifying matches across the continents. DAILY POST rounds up the matches played in the African continent on Tuesday. Africa Cup of Nations – Qualification; Group A Namibia 1-2 Mali Mali defeated Namibia away from home thanks to two goals lead they scored in the match. Goals from Sekon Keita and Moussa Doumbia gave the West African side a 0-2 goal cushion. They scored in the 12th and 37th minute before Namibia’s Elmo Kambindu grabbed what proved to be a consolation goal in the 39th minute. Africa Cup of Nations – Qualification; Group D Angola 0-1 DR Congo DR Congo got the better of the Angola side who were playing at home in the contest. A second-half strike from Neeskens Kebano was enough to gift the DR Congo side the all-important point at stake. It finished 0-1 in the favour of DR Congo. Their only goal came in the 64th minutes of the match. Africa Cup of Nations – Qualification; Group E Central African Republic 0-2 Morocco Morocco recorded an impressive 0-2 away win over CAR (Central African Republic). Thanks to goals from Chelsea’s Hakim Ziyech and Youssef En-Nesyri. They scored their goals in both halves. Ziyech was on target in the 39th minute before Youssef En-Nesyri sealed the 0-2 win in the 90th minute for Morocco. Africa Cup of Nations – Qualification; Group G Togo 1-3 Egypt Egypt without the Liverpool star, Mohamed Salah recorded an impressive 1-3 away win at Togo. Mohamed Kafsha, Mohamed Shariff and Trezeguet were all on target to give the North African side a 0-3 lead. They scored in the 18th, 32nd and 52nd minute. While Togo reduced the deficit with a goal in the 90th minute which proved only to be a consolation for the modest West African side. Elom Nya-Vedji scored Togo only goal in the game. African Cup of Nations – Qualification; Group J Tanzania 1-1 Tunisia Tanzania held Tunisia to a 1-1 draw in the AFCON duel as both sides managed a goal each in the game. Tunisia took the lead through Saif-Eddine Khaoni’s 11th-minute effort. But Tanzania rallied back with an equalizer in the 47th minute thanks to Feisal Salum solitary goal. Africa Cup of Nations – Qualification; Group L Sierra Leone 0-0 Nigeria The Sierra Leone side ensured they held Nigeria in Freetown as both sides battled to a stalemate. It finished 0-0 between both sides, though Nigeria remains poised to qualify from the group. Rohr’s side still leads the Group L standings with 8 points as the Benin Republic and Lesotho drew elsewhere in the other game. Nigeria’s skipper Ahmed Musa was booked in the 72nd minute of the AFCON contest.