There was pandemonium in Ogun State as armed men suspected to be cultists unleashed terror on the people of Ifo town in the early hours of Sunday. DAILY POST gathered that the suspected cultists were said to have invaded the town, causing serious tension as residents and commuters fled for dear lives. A 25-year-old man was reportedly hacked to death while many were robbed of their valuables. However, men of the Ogun State Police Command said they have apprehended five members of the dreaded cult group. The arrested suspects were identified by the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, as: Afeez Olapade (aka Sabiko), 22; Idowu Adebayo, 18; Oduwaye Seyi (aka owo aje) 22; Fatai Olude, 22 and Alabi Segun, 22. Oyeyemi confirmed to DAILY POST that the suspected cultists were apprehended following a distress call received by the DPO of Ifo division, who was told that the group were on rampage around Ifo market. They were said to have attacked people with dangerous weapons, “while also dispossessing innocent people of their belongings” along the Lagos-Abeokuta road. DAILY POST learnt that the DPO of Ifo division, CSP Adeniyi Adekunle, upon the distress call, quickly mobilised his men to the scene. “On getting there, they met a 25-year-old man, who was later identified simply as Sunday, in the pool of his own blood as a result of several matchet injuries on his body,” Oyeyemi said. According to him, the police reportedly chased and got the five suspects arrested within the area. Our correspondent gathered that the victim was taken to a General Hospital, where he was confirmed dead. A trailer driver identified as Muhammed reportedly sustained injuries, while one Olalekan Alade was also dispossessed of his phone by the hoodlums. The Ogun PPRO said five other phones snatched from different people were recovered from them. Meanwhile, the State Commissioner of Police, Edward Ajogun, has ordered the transfer of the suspects to state CIID. He has also directed that the fleeing members of the gang be hunted for. The CP warned those “who think that police has abandoned their duty as a result of recent protest to better have a rethink as the command is determined more than ever before to wage war against crime and criminality anywhere in the state.”