Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Kaduna State Government has disclosed that troops carrying out internal security operations rescued nine persons kidnapped along the Kaduna-Abuja Road on Sunday afternoon. In a statement on Sunday night, Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr. Samuel Aruwan said that the state government received operational feedback from the Defence Headquarters’s Operation Thunder Strike (OPTS) following Sunday’s incident. 2. Apex Igbo youth socio-political organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, worldwide has claimed that three governors in the South East will lead a mass defection from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, if the party fails to be open to zoning for the 2023 presidency. OYC said this in a statement signed by Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, its President-General; Comrade Obinna Achionye Deputy President General and Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, Secretary-General, where it also described the proposed emergence meetings of PDP Board of Trustees, BoT scheduled for November 18 and the party’s National Executive Council meeting coming up on November 19 2020 as the last opportunity for the party to revert back to zoning as enshrined in its constitution. 3. The Conference of Igbo Youth Professionals Worldwide has asked the United Kingdom and Israel to warn the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, to desist from inciting violence in Nigeria. The group alleged that the separatist leader had used the privilege of his dual citizenship to cause anarchy and insurrection by inciting members of the proscribed IPOB to violence. 4. The Lagos Police Command said it has arrested 750 suspected hoodlums during raids launched across the state on Sunday. The command stated that the raids were carried out simultaneously on identified black spots, believed to be the hideouts of criminals and hoodlums across the 14 Area Commands in Lagos State. 5. The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has charged the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, to apologise and resign if he has any honour left. HURIWA made the call in response to Malami’s comment that gunmen who attacked End SARS protesters at Lekki toll gate Lagos State were not soldiers. 6. Gunmen on Saturday night kidnapped three persons and shot one other after they invaded official staff quarters of Nuhu Bamalli Polytechnic, Zaria, Kaduna. A staff of Nuhu Bamali Polytechnic said the suspected gunmen came around 9.00pm and started shooting sporadically. 7. The World Health Organization (WHO) has said that 18.3% of COVID-19 deaths in Africa are people living with diabetes. WHO said global studies have found that diabetes increases the risk of severe illness and death among patients infected with coronavirus. 8. The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), has described the suit challenging the Arabic inscription on the Nigerian currency (naira) as ‘acrobatic religiousity.’ MURIC noted that it was not Nigerian Muslim leaders who brought the idea of Arabic in the Nigerian currency in post-independence Nigeria, adding that the man who initiated it was a Christian, an Urhobo officer by name General David Akpode Ejoor. 9. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has expressed shock that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was owing entitlements of its national secretariat staff. The party said this was despite billions of Naira generated from the sales of nomination forms during the 2019 general elections and the recent in Edo and Ondo governorship polls. 10. The Kwara State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has said declared that Bukola Saraki, former Senate President, does not pose any threat in the state. APC chairman in the state, Hon Bashir Bolarinwa, who made the remark while insisting that the party remains very solid in the state, added the former Senate President Bukola Saraki cannot pose any threat to the party in the state.