Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Brig. Gen. Ahmed Taiwo of the Nigerian Army has alleged that Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu invited the military during the End SARS protest in Lagos to avoid total anarchy. Taiwo, who is the Commander, 81 Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island, told the Lagos Judicial Panel on SARS that the situation in Lagos had gotten out of control and the military needed to act. 2. The Nigerian Army has said that they have not received any formal petition over their alleged shooting of peaceful End SARS protesters at the Lekki toll gate on Oct. 20. The counsel for the Nigerian Army, Mr Akinlolu Kehinde (SAN), made this known on Saturday when they appeared before the Lagos Judicial Panel of Inquiry and Restitution for Victims of SARS Related Abuses and Other Matters. 3. Aisha Yesufu, popular activist and End SARS promoter has reacted to a statement by the Nigerian Army that no live ammunition was fired at protesters at Lekki toll gate. The Nigerian Army on Saturday, while appearing before the Lagos Judicial Panel of Inquiry and Restitution, yesterday, denied reports that its soldiers used live ammunition on peaceful End SARS protesters at the Lekki toll gate in Lagos State, but Aisha said their claims were not true. 4. The senior pastor of the Citadel Global Community Church, Tunde Bakare, has recalled how a former Minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili turned down the request to be President Muhammadu Buhari’s running mate in 2011. Pastor Bakare, who was telling the story of how he met and became Buhari’s running mate in 2011, said he listened to the advice of Pastor Enoch Adeboye before accepting to run with Buhari. 5. The Commander of 81 Military Intelligence Brigade, Victoria Island, Lagos, Brig. Gen. Ahmed Taiwo has said the Nigerian Army is not happy that the Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu denied inviting its men to Lekki tollgate where End SARS protesters were gathered on October 20, 2020. Taiwo, while testifying before the Lagos State Judicial Panel of Inquiry probing the Lekki incident, said inviting the military was the best decision Sanwo-Olu could have made. 6. Scores of suspected bandits and cattle rustlers in Kwiambana Forest, Kaduna State were on Saturday, neutralized by airstrike The operations were carried out on Nov.12, 2020, having received intelligence reports that several suspected bandits armed with dangerous weapons, riding on motorcycles had already rustled cattle, livestock from Dankolo and Machitta villages in the state. 7. Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum on Saturday unveiled a 25-year strategic recovery plan from Boko Haram devastation. Zulum decried that over the years, the sect has caused more than $6 billion worth of destruction. 8. Opu-Nembe community in Nembe-Bassambiri, Nembe Local Government Area of Bayelsa and host to Aiteo Eastern Exploration and Production Limited has issued a quit notice to the company. The leaders accused the firm of economic strangulation, ecological destruction, contract racketeering and corporate wickedness. 9. Issa Aremu, a former vice president of the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC), has predicted another protest in the country. The labour leader warned that this decision by the government coming at a time many citizens were going through severe economic hardship could trigger another round of civil unrest in the country. 10. The member representing Idanre/Ifedore Federal Constituency of Ondo State in the House of Representatives, Hon. Tajudeen Adefisoye on Saturday hinted about his decision to dump the Social Democratic Party, SDP. Adefisoye, 36, who is the youngest and only SDP member in the National Assembly, stated that his plan to quit the party on which he was elected in 2019 was due to crises rocking the party both at the national and state levels.