An All Progressives Congress (APC) group has denounced Pastor Sam Adeyemi for adding his voice to the End SARS agitation. On Wednesday, APC Nigeria Support, which has 1 million followers on Twitter, told the cleric not to “lose focus” or “join the fray”. The comment followed Adeyemi’s reaction to a lawsuit against 50 Nigerians who endorsed the clamour for an end to police brutality. They include David Adeleke – Davido, Damini Ogulu -Burna Boy, Folarin Falana – Falz, Aisha Yesufu, Deji Adeyanju, to mention but a few. A citizen, Kenechukwu Okeke, filed the case at the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) High Court, Abuja. The applicant said between the October 28 and 30 the defendants used their Twitter accounts to conspire to “commit misdemeanor, to wit promoting or acting in such a manner with the intent to assist in the promotion of an unlawful assembly under the guise or composition of #EndSARS”. In his response, Adeyemi, Senior Pastor of Daystar Christian Centre, tweeted “Who sent this guy to file this frivolous lawsuit?” Reacting, the APC group in an “open letter” said asking a “needless question” was “completely beneath” him. It read: “When a citizen has exercised his right to sue you and other people he believes are instrumental to the damage of his properties, as a pastor how can you be seen attacking a victim? “As someone we all respect, you shouldn’t get yourself involved in the EndSARS propaganda. I expect that you will, by now, be playing the role of ensuring peace reigns and the government meeting the demands of the youths. A tweet of that nature is not responsible and does not fit the personality you project. “Being a pastor doesn’t excuse you from answering to the court of law. We should learn to deal with issues accordingly and appropriately. By now, we all know it is easy to unravel who is behind who and what in this new media age. Pastor Adeyemi, if it bothers you that much, you can find this out in less than 24 hours. “But in my opinion, there are more pressing questions to be asked. We cannot afford for people like you to also lose focus. PLEASE SIR, DONT JOIN THE FRAY! Nigeria needs to be SAVED.”