The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Kaduna State chapter, has expressed shock at the increasing wave of kidnapping and banditry activities along Kaduna-Abuja expressway. CAN noted that the activities of armed men along the expressway and other parts of Kaduna State need urgent government attention at all levels to bring the ugly situation to a logical end. According to CAN in a statement issued by its state chairman, Rev John Joseph Hayab, unimaginable lives have been lost while billions of Naira have been paid as ransom to kidnappers. The statement noted, “The increasing insecurity on Kaduna – Abuja road has reached a frightening level, therefore, requires urgent and pragmatic action by government at all levels. Without a doubt, citizens are no longer safe to travel on Nigerian roads, especially on Kaduna – Abuja road, due to the terror of bandits and kidnappers.” It added, “While we have heard from the government the efforts made to stop these evil men and women from terrifying travellers, it appears the steps are not yielding the desired outcomes.” CAN said It is based on the current realities that it is appealing for a new and community inclusive strategy to defeat the mindless folks who have turned a once busy road to a den of kidnappers, making motorists and travellers to shiver at the mention of Kaduna – Abuja road. CAN called on government to seek collaboration with every known retired security personnel for synergy in the fight against banditry. “It is a known fact that Kaduna and its environs have many gallant but retired security personnel. The ‘old guard’ as they are often called has good knowledge of war and the use of weapons. They understand guerilla war strategy and could help if they are called upon to collaborate to combat these bandits and kidnappers away from our roads to ease the anxiety of travelling,” CAN advised. CAN noted that if such strategy is adopted, the government could pay the volunteers (verified retired military and other security personnel) some remuneration for accepting to put their lives on the line. CAN appealed to all citizens with useful information that could help the personnel combating the menace of kidnappings not to hesitate to assist government and security agencies so that they can defeat these bandits and kidnappers once and for all. “Our nation cannot be productive if her citizens live in fear. One of the dire consequences of kidnapping is that many farmers can no longer go to the farm and some may not harvest their crops because farmlands and roads are not safe,” CAN explained. It noted that free citizens are afraid to travel to do business because there is danger on the roads and highways, adding that the country is heading to a doomsday. It added that when people live in perpetual fear, they could scarcely think right or plan intelligently, saying that is why the government needs to act fast to halt the frenzy caused by bandits and kidnappers on Nigeria’s highways, especially on Kaduna – Abuja road.