Civilian Joint Task Force led by Yusuf Baba Idris have battled and displaced an ambush staged by Boko Haram terrorists along Gasarwa and Birmari in Gajiram, the headquarters of Nganzai Local Government Area of Borno State in the northeast region. Gajiram has an area of 2,467 km sq and a population of 99,799 at the 2006 census, but has remained almost a ghost town since the crises began in 2009 owing to several attacks by Boko Haram insurgents. However, the town began to have life again with the return of some thousands of people following the liberation of the area by troops of the Nigerian military. While the IDPs are returning back home, the insurgents continued to attack the area, occasionally displacing both residents and security operatives stationed to protect them. Casualty figures have also continued to rise on both sides at every occasion of attack. Recently, the insurgents had staged many attacks in the area, forcing some returnees to find their ways back to the city as they returned to the Ali Monguno Teachers village IDP camp along Pompomari road in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital. With determination to return the IDPs by the Borno State Governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, several moves were being sabotage by the activities of the insurgents through ambushes on military and other security operatives trying to clear the area for habitation. Yesterday, while on their way to Maiduguri, after days of operations in the area, Yusuf Baba Idris, the CJTF commander and his boys were ambushed by Boko Haram along Gasarwa and Birmari, Gajiram. However, they battled the insurgents, killing scores and made their way through in a success mood as they drove into the city in victorious song. Speaking to newsmen and showing the pictures and videos of their conquests, Yusuf told newsmen in Maiduguri that, they will not relent until they clear the insurgents completely from the state and the region. “Sometimes, we also lose our men in this fight, but we will continue to fight until we win the war. Our support are being appreciated by our governor, we will not fail him. We are also being appreciated by the Nigerian military, we will ensure to keep the trust and work with them to support in the ongoing clearance operations,” Yusuf said