Real Madrid returned to winning ways as they beat Inter Milan 3-2 at the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium on Tuesday. The match was an eye-catching encounter between both European giants as Antonio Conte’s men took the trip to the Spanish capital. The match was expected to produce quality and intrigues owing to the talent both sides have got in their squads like we saw on the pitch. In the end, it was the Los Blanco’s that took the three points at home thanks to Rodrygo’s 80th minute goal when he was set up by young forward Vinicius Junior. Following the quality showings from both teams, DAILY POST evaluates the interesting match statistics and game features from Real Madrid 3-2 home win over Inter Milan. Full statistics Shots on target 8 (Real Madrid) (Inter Milan) 3 Both sides displayed their attacking wares in the game but it was Real Madrid that dominated match proceedings in the final third. The likes of Karim Benzema, Marco Asensio and Eden Hazard led the lines in aplomb as they managed a 3-2 win at home. In the end, they had 8 shots on target compared to Inter Milan’s 3 shots here. Shots off Target 3 (Real Madrid) (Inter Milan) 6 The Italian giants proved to be missing their goal scoring chance as they had 6 shots off target as compared to 3 Real Madrid had in the game. It proved, however, costly for Conte and his men as they lost the match despite scoring twice to tie the match at 2-2 at some point in the game. They paid clearly for their insufficiency in the final third against the Zinedine Zidane’s led Real Madrid. Possession 52 (Real Madrid) (Inter Milan) 48 The Los Blanco’s dominated the game as proved from the possession statistics. It wasn’t a big deal as Real Madrid should at least have the edge playing at home in the fixture. They had 52% of the ball possession compared Inter Milan’s 48% of the possession. Corners 6 (Real Madrid) (Inter Milan) 2 Real Madrid’s sterling attacking measure in the final third got them 6 corner-kicks in the game. Inter Milan had their time to reckon in the game but it was the home side that had the overall ascendancy after the 90 minutes affair. That’s’ why Real had 6 corner-kicks in reference to Inter’s only 2 corners in the game. Fouls 13 (Real Madrid) (Inter Milan) 14 The physical duels that took place in the match ensured a total of 13+14 = 27 fouls in the entire 90 minutes. The home side had 13 fouls while Inter Milan had 14 fouls. It was due to Inter’s aspiration to get the ball back from Real Madrid that led to their higher share of the fouls in the Champions League tie. Yellow card 4 (Real Madrid) (Inter Milan) 3 The games’ hostility ensured that 7 booking was cumulated in the match. Real Madrid had 4 bookings compared to Inter’s 3 booking in the game. Real’s quartet of Ferland Mendy, Federico Valverde, Casemiro and Thibaut Courtois was booked in the 48th, 62nd, 85 and 90th minute. While Inter Milan’s trio of Arturo Vidal, Marcelo Brozovic and Nicolo Barella got booked in the 4th, 51st and 72nd minutes of the game respectively.