National Coordinator of Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has advised the US President-elect, Joe Biden, on how to handle the outgoing President, Donald Trump. The US Presidential elections was finally decided in favour of the Democratic Party’s candidate, Joe Biden on Saturday. Bamgbose described the outcome as a victory for democracy while congratulating Biden as the elected 46th President of the United States of America. The senior lawyer, in a chat with DAILY POST on Sunday, advised Biden “to place a call to Trump, thanking him for being a great aspirant. “One will equally expect Biden to thank Trump for his passion and patriotism for these 4 years. Whichever we look at it, Trump remains a force in American politics,” he said. The 2023 presidential hopeful also urged Biden to equally invite Trump to join him in making America great again, adding that the outgoing President will still be relevant even after quitting White House. “Biden should not see Trump as a defeated foe or a loser, but he should see him as a dogged fighter and a great lover of American nation. “One thing we can’t take away from Trump is his passion to make America great. It won’t be proper for Biden to view him as someone that should be abandoned. “This is the best of time for Biden to extend Olive branch to Trump. Trump should not be seen as a loser, but rather as someone who came with a mission and fulfilled it within 4 years. “He will be remembered as a President who truly loved America and indeed Americans. It’s not how far but how fair. It’s really painful that he lost, he should however be glad that he successfully ruled America for 4 years. “He should equally invite him to join him in making America great. Trump will still be relevant even after quitting the White House. He is not a failure but a fulfilled man. Biden should get prepared for the challenges ahead. “There is a lot of difference between gut and governance. He should hit the ground running and make Americans and the world happy. He should look beyond America. The world is waiting to see the stuff he is made of. I wish him well.”