Terrorists operating around Shyadawe/Nagasino villages in Borno State, Northeast Nigeria have suffered a heavy casualty blow following an ambush staged against them by troops of 192 and 202 Battalions of Operation Fire Ball (OPFB). The Boko Haram and Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists fell from bullet rain by soldiers, leaving dozens lifeless and many others fleeing in different directions with bullet wounds. Brig-Gen. Bernard Onyeuko disclosed that following intelligence on terrorist activities within Shyadawe/Nagasino axis, troops advanced to lay ambush on the criminals. General Bernard, said soldiers also recovered four AK-47 rifles, ammunition and gun trucks while clearing remnants of fleeing terrorists from Sambisa Forest. “The unrelenting troops engaged them with rapid gunfire, cutting them in disarray as the terrorists withdrew in all directions and confusion while several of them fled with gunshot wounds. “Two terrorists were neutralized with the recovery of three AK-47 rifles, six AK-47 rifle magazines, two hand grenades, a motorcycle, a camel backpack and 162 rounds of ammunition. “Also troops of 202 Battalion at the strong response area of Borno College of Basic Studies (BOCOBS) sprang an ambush against the terrorists at Ngurosoye deserted village.” He said a terrorist was neutralized in the process with the recovery of a camouflaged pair of boots and other items. The General said troops of Army Super Camp 12 deployed to Magumeri Local Government Area (LGA) of Borno State, inflicted heavy casualties on marauding criminals. “The terrorists attempted to infiltrate the fortified military camp before engaging them. But the troops, who were on high alert, engaged the criminals with a heavy volume of fire, before fleeing with gunshot wounds. “Our soldiers dealt a devastating blow on terrorists forcing them to flee towards the Gubio/Damasak axis,” he said. General Bernard added that at Burari on the fringes of Sambisa Forest, three terrorists were also killed, while others fled with sustained injuries. “There were traces of blood of dragged casualties by terrorists during our exploitation,” he said, urging that the troops not rest on their oars of successful military operations.