A Former Minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili, has called out the President Muhammadu Buhari government and relevant authorities over the seizure of passport of Modupe (Moe) Odele. Moe was on Sunday blocked by authorities from boarding an international flight as Immigration officials seized her passport without disclosing her offence. The legal practitioner disclosed this on her Twitter page Reacting, Ezekwesili urged President Muhammadu Buhari to act within the rule of law adding that Moe’s passport cannot be seized without an order granted by a court. According to her, Nigeria is a democratic state not military. Ezekwesili on her Twitter page wrote: “While other nations are trying to figure out their Post-COVID19 priorities and strategies, what do you think our own country is doing? “Well, @MBuhari is busy with repressive acts against his young citizens who merely asked to be allowed to live by the @PoliceNG he supervises. “We are a constitutional democracy and actions must be anchored on the Rule of Law. “Miss Odele’s passport cannot be seized by NAIA Comptroller of Immigration on the “order” of @HQNigerianArmy without an Order granted by a court of the land.We are not a military state, @MBuhari . She further thanked Femi Falana for stepping in on her case even as she encouraged Moe and other End SARS promoters not to be intimidated. “I’m grateful to Femi Falana, SAN for always being available to take on cases of gross injustice against our citizens. “Miss Modupe Odele @Mochievous is not standing alone. Millions of sensible Nigerians are standing with her. “She and her peers gave Hope on what Nigeria could be. If the repressive acts of illegally seizing a citizen’s passport and freezing others’ bank accounts are meant to intimidate the young #EndSARS protesters into silence, it means @MBuhari ‘s @NigeriaGov learnt no lesson from hiring thugs to break their protests. How pitiful.” Odele rose to prominence during the nationwide calls for an end to police brutality. She alongside many others provided free legal representation to citizens arrested and detained during the demonstrations.