Minister of Police Affairs, Muhammad Dingyadi, has come under criticisms again. On Monday, Dingyadi via his Twitter handle posted a video of police officers carrying out a march past. He said the parade further confirms federal government’s commitment to reform the security agency. President Muhammadu Buhari approved reorientation of the force in deference to End SARS protesters’ demand. “The brilliant performance by community police constabularies at Police College, Kaduna is an affirmation of government’s reforms agenda, as seen in improvement of police training”, he tweeted. His comment has attracted mockery. Respondents wondered why the minister used a parade as a yardstick to rate the success of ongoing reform. “Constables chorographed marching is an affirmation of government reform agenda?”, @olumide_sam01 quipped. @Dr_LyndaEA: “I don’t even know whether to laugh or to be angry. These people really think they are talking to people who don’t have brains. Just imagine, marching/parade equals evidence of police reform/training.” “What a joke of a country! Something that primary school children are marching better. Pls Google what police reform means exactly @MinofPoliceNG & stop the embarrassment!”, @sweetsixtien replied. @chrismiles78: “When a minister considers this march past an impressive representation of reforms, then you know Nigeria is in bigger trouble than thought. Where is the review of training manual, curriculums etc? The adoption of world class policing techniques? Not this marching in red sand.” “Is this what we are asking for? Did we ask for Inter-house sport march past in our #5by5 agenda. A march past = Police reforms, what a shame”, @BusariIbukun1 fumed. This is the second time in less than five weeks Dingyadi incurred Nigerians’ annoyance. On October 11, the minister was denounced for informing citizens to consider SARS disbandment as a sign that authorities were ready to police transformation. Some social media users said they never knew the country had a Police Minister portfolio, and asked Dingyadi to explain where he was while the notorious unit abused human rights. Video: The brilliant performance by community police constabularies at Police College, Kaduna is an affirmation of government's reforms agenda, as seen in improvement of police training. pic.twitter.com/QUDLU2j9Ll — Minister of Police Affairs (@MinofPoliceNG) November 16, 2020