Zamfara State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has started putting its house in order to retain government in the state following the 2023 general elections. DAILY POST reports that the party started by replacing the former state chairman, Malam Ibrahim Mallaha who died in a German hospital recently. Addressing newsmen at the Government House in Gusau, the state capital, the former minister of finance, Ambassador Bashir Yuguda said the arrangements could not be unconnected to the 2023 general elections. The former minister explained that the party leadership has decided to appoint the former chairman of Gusau Local Government Area, Alhaji Tukur Danfulani, the state chairman of the party. “We took this decision after serious consultation with stakeholders of the party in Gusau, the state capital. Although there was no election we agreed on a consensus basis ” Yuguda said with the appointment of Alhaji Turkur Danfulani to pilot the affairs of the party in the state, there is a bright future for the party ahead of 2023 general elections in the state. “One cannot throw any political party into a wastepaper basket because they equally have die-hard supporters especially the APC that has been governing the state since 1999” He further said the stakeholders of the party equally appointed a secretary, Alhaji Umar Dangaladima who once was the scribe of the state chapter of the party before he defected to APC and later returned to his original party, the PDP. According to him, Umar Dangaladima was the Bimini Magaji Local Government council Chairman for two terms and has held various political appointments in the state before he was elevated to the position of the state PDP secretary. “I do not doubt that with the combination of Alhaji Tukur Danfulani as the state chairman of the party and Alhaji Umar Dangaladima as the state secretary of the party, PDP will retain the Government House in 2023” He, therefore, urged the die-hard supporters of the party to remain steadfast, saying that a bright future awaits them if everyone works cooperatively for the success of the party in the state. Yuguda explained that he was very much aware that APC is very strong in the state, pointing out that the PDP would give it a total fight to retain its position in Zamfara state politics. “We did not form the government in the state unprepared. We are politically prepared for any election in the state”