Twenty-three Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists have met their waterloo while six soldiers wounded in various clearance operations conducted by troops of Operation Fireball within Northeast theatre of operation. Acting Director Defence Media Operations, Brigadier Benard Onyeuko, disclosed this on Tuesday while giving an update on the activities of the troops within the month of November held at the Nigerian Army Special Super Camp, Ngamdu. He said the gallant troops of Operation Fireball in the various Sectors of the Theatre have continued to dominate the general areas of operation and carry out their tasks relentlessly and professionally. “Consequently, as a result of the aggressive offensive actions carried out by the troops, several terrorist elements have been neutralized and a large number of their equipment were captured including a large quantity of their logistics consignment which was intercepted by our gallant troops. “Most importantly, a number of women and children hitherto held captive were rescued unhurt. In this regard, a total of 23 Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists were neutralized while one terrorist’s Improvised Explosive Device (IED) expert was captured alive during an encounter. “Equally, the gallant troops courageously intercepted some Boko Haram criminals while attempting to collect ransom from relations of their abducted victims leading to the decimation of the criminals and successful rescue of 2 women and 3 children unhurt”, Onyeuko disclosed. The Acting Director also noted that, four gun trucks, 8 AK 47 rifles, 2 anti-aircraft guns, 1 general purpose machine gun, large cache of ammunition, drugs and assorted non lethal items among others were captured from the criminals. He, however, attributed the successes so far achieved to the commitment and gallantry exhibited by the well motivated troops within the period under review “Unfortunately, 6 gallant soldiers were wounded in action over the period. However, the wounded soldiers have since been evacuated to a military medical facility and are currently responding positively to treatment. “The troops of Operation FIRE BALL under Operation LAFIYA DOLE are hereby commended for their resilience, doggedness and professionalism exhibited since the beginning of the Operation. They are equally encouraged not to relent but build on the successes recorded so far”, he added. Brig. Gen. Onyeuko assured people in the northeast of the Nigeria Military High Command determination to finally rout the remnants of Boko Haram/ISWAP criminals from their enclaves, while encouraging to avail the troops with credible information that will help in the execution of the operation.