The Osun State Government has instructed the authorities public schools to distance themselves from selling or distribute uniforms to students in their various schools. This according to the state government, as part of the protocols of the reversal to old uniforms with effect from the new 2020/2021 academic session. Recall that Governor Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State reviewed and reversed the education policy implemented by his predecessor, Rauf Aregbesola who is now the Minister of Interior. Part of what Oyetola’s administration reserved is a single uniform policy for all public schools which will take effect from next academic session. Speaking after the State Executive Council meeting, held on Monday, the Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Funke Egbemode, stated that uniforms are to be purchased in the open market from textile dealers in the state and should be also produced by tailors in the State. Egbemode said: “The Council decided that no school authority or principal is allowed to assume the duty of selling or distributing uniforms to students. It is not the monopoly or exclusive preserve of any school or individual to do so. “The Council has established this commerce-driven guideline to provide an avenue for businesses within the State to receive a boost during this period. “The Ministry of Education had earlier done a systematic stakeholders’ engagement with Parent’s Forum, Old Students’ Association and School Authorities, and this guidelines have been properly communicated. “The government expects schools to revert to their traditional uniforms at the resumption of the 2020/2021 academic session on Monday, November 16, 2020. To accommodate any form of logistical setbacks, the government also approved a two-week window for the full implementation of the reversal, which means that by Tuesday, December 1, 2020, the reversal should have been fully implemented. “The government enjoined all parents to embrace the State’s commerce-driven guideline by patronising traders and businesses within the State for the educational consumables of their children and wards. “The government also commended the gesture of Old Students’ Associations that have taken it upon themselves to support their Alma Mater with uniforms, and also work with the government for the smooth return of the pride and honour of their schools”, Egbemode stated.