Police in Kano have arrested a 24-year old Habibu Sale, who allegedly kidnapped and killed an eight-year-old Asiya Tasiu in Chikawa village, Gabasawa Local Government Area of the state, after collecting a ransom of N500,000. There are indications that the suspect may die by hanging after prosecution as investigations are still ongoing to arrest his accomplices though he confessed to have committed the crime alone. The Kano State Police Command spokesman, DSP Abdullahi Haruna, who spoke on behalf of the state Commissioner of Police, Mr. Habu A. Sani, SAID the incident happened on June 5 this year, but police effected his arrest on November 7, in front of his house after keeping an eye on him. Police investigations revealed that Habibu allegedly killed the girl after collecting the ransom and buried her in a shallow grave at the outskirts of Chikawa village to cover his crime. Haruna added that Habibu kidnapped Asiya while she was going for an errand in her aunt’s place, adding that, “Habibu is a neighbour to Asiya’s aunt.” He added that the suspect was arrested as a result of a directive by the Commissioner of Police who charged the Operation Puff Adder to swing into action and arrest the suspects. Though Habibu confessed to have committed the crime alone, police theory indicates that there were other accomplices at large, because he confessed to have spent the N500, 000 ransom on harlots, drugs and gambling. Alhaji Tasiu Mohammed Adamu, father of the victim, told newsmen at the Bompai Police headquarters that the kidnappers of her late daughter demanded for N10 million ransom, “but we later settled for N500, 000.” “What I cannot explain is why they killed my daughter after paying the ransom to them. This is very wicked of them. I need justice and I believe the police will ensure that justice is done for the sake of my late daughter.” Habu, who confessed to have kidnapped the little girl and collected a ransom of N500, 000, however, said the girl died as a result of an accident on a motorcycle when he was driving her away to their hideout. While confessing to the crime, he said he was aware that he could be killed by hanging, but pleaded for mercy. According to him, “I had travelled to Kaduna State where I stayed and enjoyed with my female friends. We took drugs and indulged in gambling.”