Nigeria would take on Sierra Leone on Friday in the African Nations Cup qualifier ahead of the International fixture. The Super Eagles are in preparation ahead of the all-important game as a win could be to Nigeria’s advantage with respect to their weighty aspirations. With players in camp amid certain match expectations, DAILY POST takes a look at what promises to be an exciting match. The Nigerian side takes on the Leone stars of Sierra Leone at home, though star midfield player Wilfred Ndidi and Ovie Ejaria would not be part of the Eagles team for some personal reasons. Here are three significant things to expect as Nigeria hosts the African qualifiers at home. Maximum Three Points The Super Eagles would be expected to pick the maximum points at home come this weekend as action returns in the AFCON qualifying series. The talent of Ahmed Musa, Samuel Chukwueze, Victor Osimhen should see to this feat as the game is slated to take a place on Friday. Gernot Rohr and his ward would do well to ensure the win at home as nothing else would be tolerated by the ever passionate Super Eagles fans as have been witnessed in the past. Credible Team Display The team would be in awe of their viewers as the likes of Kelechi Iheanacho, Chidera Ejuke, Oghenekaro Etebo gets set to perform on the pitch. And just like always, the fans and viewers at large would expect the team to produce a flamboyant display on the pitch. The Super Eagles must be at their best while they must prove themselves the giants of Africa as called. A credible performance would be in vogue as the Super Eagles would be expected to put up dominant display worth eye-catching as Sierra Leone takes the trip to Nigeria. Goal-Laden Feast The Super Eagles would be expected to shine against the visitors when the stage is set on Friday. With the forward lines brimming with quality and form as we’ve seen in Europe lately, goals are expected to flow in when Nigeria takes on the Leone stars. The team is blessed with goal-scoring talent and is no fluke why the team must respond to Nigerians (fans) quest for more goals in the contest. Kelechi Iheanacho, Ahmed Musa and co are expected to do the goal-scoring business for Nigeria. The West African Nation has got the further chance of adding more firepower in their attack especially in the future as Ademola Lukman switches allegiance to play for the Super Eagles.