Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, has assured that the House would ensure that justice is served to all those affected by the End SARS protest. Wase gave the assurance on Monday when he met with the service chiefs and other heads of security agencies at the National Assembly. The meeting was at the instance of the House ad hoc committee to interface with relevant security agencies and stakeholders, headed by the Deputy Speaker. The main terms of reference of the panel is to review the End SARS protests and create an atmosphere for the legislature and the security operatives to brainstorm on how best to restore peace, calm frayed nerves and forestall a reoccurrence of the destruction and mayhem that trailed the hitherto peaceful protest. Wase in his opening remarks at the meeting, said the essence of the committee was to address End SARS movement and the aftermath, without jeopardizing national security and ensuring that the issues raised by the protesters were addressed, for a peaceful and harmonious nation. “We are going to take inputs from the various service chiefs and all the relevant stakeholder involved to ensure that justice is served”, he said. Present at the meeting were the Comptoller-General, Nigerian Immigration Service, Mohammed Babandede; Comptroller-General, Nigeria Correctional Service, Ahmed Jafaru; Commandant-General, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Abdullahi Gana Muhammadu and Director General, State Security Service, Yusuf Magaji Bichi; while representatives of the Chief of Army Staff, Chief of Naval sSaff, Chief of Air Staff and Comptroller General, Nigerian Custom Service, among others, were also in attendance. Recall that, the House had on 20th of October 2020, set up an ad-hoc committee, sequel to a motion passed on the need to address the breach of national security emanating from the peaceful End SARS protest. The Wase led ad hoc committee is made up of the majority and minority leaders, as well as chairmen of all security related committees in the House and 3 members each from the relevant standing committees.