The Legal Practitioners’ Privileges Committee (LPPC) on Friday elevated 72 lawyers to the Senior Advocate cadre. A statement by Dr. Festus Akande, for the committee secretary, said it was the highest number ever. The committee had shortlisted 137 candidates, both at advocate filtration stages and academic pre-qualification exercise, for the conferment. The successful candidates comprise 62 advocates and 10 in the academia. They will be sworn in on December 14. They are the Chairman, Independent Corrupt Practice and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), Prof Bolaji Owasanoye, and ex-Dean of Faculty of Law, University of Lagos (UNILAG), Prof Oyelowo Oyewo. Prof Afeisimi Dominic Badaiki, Prof Erugo Sampson, Prof Sani Mohammad Adam, Prof Zacheus Adangor, Prof Festus Oghenemaro Emiri, Prof Joseph Efeyemineni Abugu, Prof Sunday Damilola Sunday, and Dr Omoh-Eboh Omgbai Ikheowa. Two former General Secretaries of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), Isiaka Olagunju, and Afam Osigwe; a lawyer in the Federal Ministry of Justice, Mr Tijjani Gazali; ex-National Legal Adviser, All Progressives Congress (APC), Babatunde Ogala, made the list. It includes Terruka Douglas Pepe, Aliyu Omeza Saiki, Jacob Enunwe Ochidi, Abdulwahab Mohammed, Moses Alfred Ebute, Taiye Abimbola Oladipo, Mumuni Adebimpe Jimoh, Muhammadu Katu, Sani Ndanusa, Mohammed Mohammed Ndarani, Gideon Musa Kuttu, Abdullahi Yahaya, Mella Audu Nungh, Yusuf Nya Akirikwen, Yakubu Abdullahi Hussaini-Ruba, Nasiru Adamu Aliyu, Abdul Mohammed, Hussaini Zakariyau, Uwadiogbu Sonny Ajala. Others are Ukachi Fredrick Onuobia, Joseph Nnabuezeh Mbadugha, Chukwudi Chudi Obieze, Ejike Chukwugekwu Ezenwa, Chukwuka Nwabueze Ikwuazom, Lotanna Chuka Okoli, Tochukwu Dominic Maduka, Chukwuemeka Obiajuru Nwagu, Henry Okechukwu Akunebu, Uwemedimo Thomas Nwoko, Boma Florence A. Alabi (Mrs), Efefiom Otu Efiom Ekong, Lawrence Fubara Anga, Robert Egwuno Emukpoeruo, Peter Adogbejire Mrakpor. The rest: Richard Oma Ahonaruogho, Jean Chiazor Anishere (Ms), Uzoma Henry Azikiwe, Osayaba Omorodion Giwa, Yusuf Asamah Kadiri, Babalola George Olatunde, Taiwo Johnson Kupolati, Obafemi Anthony Adewale, Adedapo Osariuyime Tunde-Olowu, Fatai-Ajibola Dalley, Bashorun Oluwatoyin Ajoke (Ms), Olumide Folarin-David Ayeni, and Olusegun Johnson Fabunmi. Also in the list are: John Mofolorunsho Majiyagbe, Funmilayo Adunni Quadri, Akinola Olugbenga Akintoye, Dada Adekunle Awosika, Remi Peter Olatubora, Festus Kayode Idepefo, Rasheed Okiki Adegoke, Musibau Adetunbi, Mahmud Kola Adesina, Oladapo Akande Akinosun, Nureini Soladoye Jimoh, and Oluseun Mobolaji Abimbola.