The National Democratic Front (NDF) has commended the British parliament for debating on some recent happenings in Nigeria, especially the End SARS protests. NDF further called on the British Government to sanction those trying to undermine the democratic culture of the country. The National Secretary of NDF, Bolaji Abdulkadir, who made the call in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, added that the recent partnership between the Nigerian Army and the UK military are clear testimonies that the authorities in the European country have taken reasonable notice of the improved human rights record of Nigerian military under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari. “We are also appreciative of the fact that events in Nigeria have elicited the interest of the UK parliament that eventually culminated in the debate to put issues in proper perspectives with regards to the #EndSARS protests and the events surrounding the violence that erupted afterwards,” the group said. NDF called on the British Government to sustain such critical engagements given that specific parameters are met, and the sovereignty of countries are not eroded under any guise. The group said it wishes to put it on record that indeed some vested interests are out to undermine the efforts of the Nigerian government in addressing the security challenges in the country. NDF noted that the Nigerian Army has been exemplary in the regard with the establishment of a human rights desk at all it units and formations across the country. “Whilst we salute and call our military leadership to continue to make itself accessible to the world and genuine partners like the United Kingdom, we also implore Nigeria’s partners never to give in to the antics of fake news being used by external forces to destabilize Nigeria,” the NDF said. “We are by this medium calling on the authorities in the UK to place a financial tag on those who engage her in frivolous discussions with ulterior motives meant to mislead and cause disaffection amongst nations. “We also call for sanctions where not necessary and equally discipline those that intend to take undue advantage of her democratic culture.”