Former Governor of Oyo State, Senator Rasidi Adewolu Ladoja, on Saturday, described former President Olusegun Obasanjo as a serial liar. Ladoja maintained that his impeachment was a kangaroo arrangement by Obasanjo contrary to his claims. DAILY POST recalls that Obasanjo had on Thursday claimed that Ladoja’s impeachment was due to the rift he had with the duo of late Chief Lamidi Adedibu and Chief Yekeen Adeojo. Ladoja has, however, debunked Obasanjo’s claims, noting that Obasanjo was economical with the truth. The former Governor in a statement signed by his Media Aide, Alhaji Bashir Lanre Latinwo stated that Obasanjo’s claims were far from the truth. Ladoja in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday said, “The impeachment was a kangaroo arrangement by Obasanjo and his stooge.” Ladoja added that his impeachment was as a result of Obasanjo’s third term agenda. He added that he had no regret to serve as Governor of Oyo State. “It was his (Obasanjo) failed third term programme that caused the unsuccessful impeachment. ‘’The former President had forgotten that the nation’s Apex Court had ruled that ‘there was no impeachment’. ‘’Obasanjo can be forgiven because he is an old man who may not recollect the past accurately, anymore, if not why should he say that Ladoja became Governor in 2003 through the grace of God, Baba Adedibu and Alhaji Adeojo when the later also attempted to become Governor. ‘’Did Obasanjo forget that Adeojo contested the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) primary election which was held on 24th December, 2002 at the Liberty Stadium, Ibadan? ‘’Chief Obasanjo, in trying to rewrite history has forgotten that he told Baba Emmanuel Alayande in Ibadan on his birthday in December, 2005 that Senator Ladoja should resign his position as Governor, otherwise he would be impeached? ‘’And, through to his boasts, the illegal act was carried out few days later, but thank God the impropriety was quashed by the Court of highest jurisdiction. ‘’Let Chief Obasanjo be told, point blank, that no amount of damage control employed, his past is closely hunting him”.