The police operatives attached to Alakuko Police Station, Lagos State have arrested four suspected armed robbers terrorising the residents of the area. The suspects were arrested on Tuesday, November 24 with the support of the residents while operating around 12am. The suspects have been terrorising and dispossessing residents of AMJE Bus Stop, Ajegunle, Masalasi and Dalemo communities in Alakuko Area of Lagos State of their belongings. Police spokesperson, SP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, said in a statement on Wednesday that one locally made pistol with four life cartridges was recovered from them. The police gave the names of the suspects as Suleiman Babajide, 26 Years Old, Mustapha Michael (25), Daniel Gideon (23) and Olalekan Adesina (26). The Lagos State Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu ordered that the suspects be transferred to State CID, Panti, for a thorough investigation. He charged other police stations and operatives in the command to make Lagos unconducive for criminals and miscreants to operate or hibernate particularly during the Yuletide. Meanwhile, the police boss said he has parleyed with the Inspectors and rank and file cadres of the command to improve security service delivery in the state. According to Adejobi, the Commissioner of Police engaged hundreds of the personnel during a conference held at POWA Hall, Oduduwa, GRA, Ikeja, on Wednesday to strategise a way forward on policing the state, especially during Yuletide. The police boss charged them to brace up and discharge their duties without fear or favour and sentiments as the laws are explicit on the duties of the police. He said: “We must rise up to the security challenges in the state and continue to contain them appropriately in as much as the Nigeria Police reigns.” “The parley was witnessed by the Deputy Commissioner of Police, Department of Operations, DCP Mohammed Ali, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Department of Finance and Administration, DCP Etim Oqua, ACP Department of Operations, ACP Dotun Odubona, ACP Wale Ajao, second-in-command to Commander Rapid Response Squad, Lagos State and staff officers from the Command Headquarters Ikeja, but with the exception of the Area Commanders and Divisional Police Officers as the meeting was basically father-to-son talk. “The policemen appreciated the Commissioner of Police for his fatherly roles and moves to improve their general welfare and safety in order to discharge their duties as required. “They, however, promised to do the needful and fortify security across the state which will be devoid of corruption, incivility and unprofessional vices,” the statement read.