The Oyo State Police Command on Sunday warned motorcyclists and tricyclists against further destruction of property in the state. The command gave this warning via a statement made available to DAILY POST by the Public Relations Officer of the command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi. Our correspondent recalls that a clash between some warders and motorcyclists last week led to the burning of Idi-Ogungun police station and vandalization of Agodi 2 police station. But, Commissioner of Police, Mr. Joe Enwonwu, while reacting, warned that anyone found guilty in the destructive act would be dealt with according to the law. Enwonwu in the statement made available to DAILY POST by Fadeyi assured people of the state to go about their normal activities without fear. “The Commissioner of police, Oyo State Command, CP Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, having observed and evaluated futuristic trend of the dastardly acts evident in the killing, burning and vandalisation of police men and facilities respectively during the End SARS protests, called a meeting with the leaders of various Motorcycle and Tricycle Riders Association in the state on 25/11/2020. “The meeting which was a symposium to entreat leaders of the aforementioned associations to preach the existence of institutions responsible for ensuring justice and to discourage them from taking laws into their hands, civic obligations such as supporting the Police when the need arises with tangible information towards the preservation of law and order, prevention of crime and apprehension of offenders were topics worthy of note from this meeting. “One would have concluded the meeting was sufficient enough a drastic measure towards ensuring the breakdown of law and order is being brought to the barest minimal or at least is in no way connected to the aforementioned association, but the reverse is the case. “Investigation and intelligence gathering reveals that Idi Ogungun the first and the oldest colonial Police station in Western Region of Nigeria, built in 1926, that stood as a monumental site and Agodi police posts were burnt and vandalized respectively on the 24/11/2020 as a result of the rift between men of the Correctional service and bike men stationed at bus-stop gate area, was the result of the collective efforts of both bike men and men from the gate spare part market despite all effort to put them to order by the police men on ground who came only for the preservation of law and order and were in no way connected to the feud on that fateful day. “Consequent upon this, the Commissioner of Police, observed the turnout of events with dismay and disappointment and has decided to issue strong warnings to bike men, tricylists, traders and artisans alike at the gate market and across the length and breadth of the state. Whoever is found or linked with the commission or omission, direct or indirect resemblance to the dastardly act of brigandage and carnage to police men, facilities and properties of police men will maximally face the full wrath of the law. “The CP wishes to assure the law-abiding people of Oyo State that effort to bring normalcy to the security of the state is at top speed and there is no course for alarm, he urges the good people of Oyo state to collaborate and give credible information that can lead to apprehension of criminal elements before crime is committed. He also assures that maximum security measures have been emplaced in all nooks and crannies within and outside Ibadan metropolis to ensure hitch free celebration during this Yuletide period and beyond.”