A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Rivers State, Chief Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, has reminded the Governor of the State, Nyesom Wike that members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, once attacked Transportation Minister, Chibuike Amaechi in a foreign land. Eze’s reaction follows a recent allegation by Wike that Amaechi was sponsoring an alleged smear media campaign against him over the issue of killing of members of IPOB in Oyigbo Local Government Area of the State. Governor Wike made the claim while speaking on the fallout of the End SARS protest and the report of mass killings of IPOB members in Oyigbo. The Governor claimed that Amaechi is disturbed by his rising political profile hence the alleged smear media campaign. Eze further accused Wike of using members of the group to win 2015, 2019 governorship elections in the State. The former New Peoples Democratic Party, nPDP, Spokesman said that It was illogical for Wike to claim that same IPOB which attacked Amaechi in a foreign land was now working for him (Amaechi). Eze noted that nothing has exposed most public officers in Nigeria than the EndSARS protests and riots. “The same man who mocked his kinsman and Minister, Amaechi for allegedly being mobbed overseas by the same IPOB is now turning round to accuse a Rivers man of sponsoring IPOB,” Eze said in a statement to DAILY POST on Tuesday. Eze believes that Governor Wike was only embarrassing himself by always calling Amaechi’s name in everything evil happening in Rivers State. According to the APC chieftain, IPOB stands against anything and everything about Northern Nigeria, including President Muhammadu Buhari and his administration, his party, the APC of which Amaechi is a key stakeholder. Eze described Wike’s outburst against Amaechi as a mountain of illusion merely palpitating in the web of debacle. “To where is his political profile rising when his actions and programmes have shattered the economy and general fortunes of the state?” Eze queried “I salute his rising political profile which has earned the state the unemployment capital of Nigeria; I thank him for instigating the menace of insecurity and endangering the lives of Rivers people who now sleep with their two eyes widely opened in the midst of his rising political profile; with Pensioners not receiving their pensions, civil servants begging to be paid their salaries and Rivers youths have been denied their due and their futures stocked in limbo, yet, Wike brags about his rising political profile. One wonders where his profile is rising to”, Eze said.