The Governing Council of the College of Education, Lanlate in Oyo State has announced the suspension of the Provost of the institution and the Dean of Students Affairs. DAILY POST reports that the suspension is coming a few hours after students of the institution raised an alarm over attacks by dangerous animals. The students, while protesting against the management of the institution, had also demanded the sack of the Provost and the Dean of students. Meanwhile, the Governing Council in a statement made available to DAILY POST through the Public Relations Officer of the institution, Mr. Adeniyi Jolaoso, said that two investigative panels have been set up to look at the demands of the students. The Council also said that it has appointed Mr Falade as the Acting Provost and Mr Ogundele as the Director of Students Affairs with immediate effect. The statement said, “The Governing Council of the College of Education, Lanlate met today Tuesday 10 November, 2020 and reached the following critical decisions on charting a way towards resolving the recent student violent demonstration in the College. “The Governing Council at its emergency meeting held on Tuesday 10th November resolved as follows: “The Governing Council recognises the need to attend to students and staff needs and would leave no stone unturned to attend to them. “Council appreciates the concerns of the students and as promised would attend to their complaints. “Against the background of the issues and complaints registered by the students, the staff and the community, two investigative panels to look into the complaints have been put in place and all staff and students are to cooperate with the panels. “Council has appointed Mr Falade as the Acting Provost and Mr Ogundele as the Director of Students Affairs with immediate effect. “To allow the panels to work and to allow for resolution of some of the problems, the college will be shut down with effect from Wednesday 11th November 2020. “Council desires to see the College experience a new lease as it works with the Unions to solve our problems”.