The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State has declared its support for the former Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, ahead of the forthcoming PDP zonal congress in the South West. DAILY POST reports that Fayose and the incumbent Governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, have been having cold war over the leadership of the PDP in the South West region. Fayose had earlier warned Gov Makinde not to dabble into the affairs of the party in other South West states on the claim that he is the only PDP governor in the region. At a stakeholders meeting of Ogun PDP held at the party’s Secretariat in Abeokuta, Tuesday, the party declared that: “Ogun delegates remain absolutely loyal to the leadership of our dear leader and a pillar of support, His Excellency, Dr. Peter Ayodele Fayose in the South West.” In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday morning by Ogun PDP Publicity Secretary, Akinloye Bankole, they said that “Ogun delegates believe in the vision of the party leadership, therefore, shall continue to speak with one indivisible voice and act in accordance with the directive of the leadership of His Excellency, Dr. Peter Ayodele Fayose in all elections, party congresses and other party activities.” DAILY POST learnt the meeting was chaired by the State Party Chairman, Sikirulahi Ogundele, with about 90 accredited delegates in attendance. According to Bankole, it was also resolved at the meeting that “delegates from Ogun remain absolutely loyal to the National Working Committee (NWC) under the leadership of the National Chairman, Prince Uche Secundus.” He said the motion for the adoption of the resolutions was jointly moved by “Chief Zaccaus Oyekunle, on behalf of 20 National Delegates; Elder Sunday Soledolu, on behalf of members of the State Executive; Aremo Tope Ashiru, on behalf of 20 local government party Chairmen; Hon. Sunday Solarin, the State Secretary on behalf of all members of the party in Ogun State.” The motion, DAILY POST learnt, was supported by Otunba Dipo Jimilehin and Alhaja Mujidat Ogunnaike.