Nigeria would be in for the game of her life as they face the confident-looking Sierra Leone side away in Freetown. The Super Eagles scored 4 goals but ended up conceding 4 times to draw the tie played on Friday. And this makes the game more crucial than ever; as they would be saddled to win and win convincingly. With Victor Osimhen absent from the match, it will be intriguing to see who leads the lines for Nigeria as the match looms on Tuesday. Nigeria would have three attacking players to possibly use in the centre forward position. But with Paul Onuachu having failed to prove his course in the Nigerian jersey, the onus could fall on either Emmanuel Dennis or Kelechi Iheanacho. But with Kelechi more adept in a supporting striker’s role, it would be more ideal to see Dennis start for Nigeria. If he does it would be a rare start and a big decision from Nigeria manager Gernot Rohr. And such a decision could be positive as it would throw Sierra Leone’s side off balance and may be tactically thus making Nigeria very much unpredictable in transition. It would be a great feat allowing Dennis to lead the change for goal for Nigeria though the Belgium based star plays in the wide areas. With Dennis possibly getting the nod over Iheanacho and the underperforming but talented RC Genk forward Paul Onuachu, it may prove to be the jigsaw Nigeria would be in need in this match. It’s quite unfortunate losing the goal-getter Osimhen at this time when the pressure is duly on the team. Players like Ahmed Musa and Joe Aribo could be under fire owing to their inadequate showing against Sierra Leone. The former would do well to remain on the bench while Aribo could start fuelling further comparison with John Obi Mikel in the Number 10 role. With the quality on the ground, the team is primed to achieve the inevitable especially as Sierra Leone is not in Nigeria’s class or pedigree whatsoever. If Dennis starts it could be a good omen to the team with fans voicing out their quest to see some interesting mix-up in the Eagles side via Sierra Leone game. And it could give Emmanuel Dennis the chance to flourish in the Nigerian side.