A former legislator from Kaduna State, Senator Shehu Sani has urged the President Muhammadu Buhari led administration to wake up to reality and tackle the nation’s problems as Nigeria is sitting on the edge. The former lawmaker claimed citizens in the hinterlands are forced to sell their “homes and farms” to pay ransom to kidnappers, adding that “Life is becoming unbearable for Nigerians”. Sani who represented Kaduna Central in the 8th National Assembly disclosed this in an interview with journalists in Jos, the Plateau State Capital. He said, “It is important that those in the position of political wakes up to the reality of Nigeria today. People have been killed, people are being kidnapped. The country is on the edge. “I come from the North-West, bandits are unleashing mayhem and terror against our people. The states of Sokoto, Katsina, Zamfara, Niger and Kaduna are under the siege of kidnappers and bandits. “Villagers are selling their homes and farms to pay ransom to kidnappers. Life is becoming unbearable for Nigerians. It is important that the President should know, the most important legacy he can live behind is a safer and secure country better than the one he met. “Nigeria is on the edge; insurgency, herdsmen, violence, the bloodshed, the killings in this country must stop.
“Those in the position of political power should know that they need to wake up and restore order and sanity in Nigeria. We cannot live our country to be controlled by terrorists, bandits and herdsmen. “As a nation, we must come together; because Nigeria needs peace, justice and equity”. The Human Right Activist noted that recently youths in the country came out protesting against police brutality, injustice among other issues, saying it is important that the leaders listen to them. Sani maintained that Nigeria cannot continue to do the same thing, getting bad results and doing the same over and over again. “President Muhammadu Buhari has spent so much time in the struggle to lead this country. Now that the people have given him the mandate it is important that he understands that the sacrifices made by Nigerians to see to his ascension to power be rewarded by order and peace”. On the ongoing ASUU strike, Shehu Sani said, “My view is that Government should do all it can to address the grievances of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). According to him, “ASUU is not a political organisation, a political party or a partisan society; it’s an organisation of intellectuals that has been standing and fighting for the right of poor people to have their children educated in public schools. He maintained that, “People in the positions of power today were beneficiaries of free education from primary to tertiary education. “Today most people in the position of power starting from Counsellors, Local Government Chairmen, Members of State Houses of Assembly, House of Representatives, Senators, Ministers and Governors, non of them take their children to public schools they attended. He further decried that public primary and Secondary schools in Nigeria have been destroyed, noting that the destruction is now moving towards the public Universities. “It is important that the Government should listen to ASUU and do everything possible to meet their demands. There has never been a shortage of money in politics; why the shortage of money to public education in Nigeria? He asked.