The ruling All Progressives Congress, APC caretaker Chairman and governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni has lamented that the party has outdated and obsolete membership registers in 36 states of the Federation, causing confusion for the party. He said, the challenge his Committee was grappling with has to do with authentic and fake members of APC, hence, it has become herculean identifying those to deal with. Buni disclosed this to the APC Senate caucus on Wednesday in Abuja. He said: “It is regrettable that since the initial membership registration exercise of 2013, the party today lacks an authentic register in all the 36 states including the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. “It is common knowledge that some members who left the party in 2018 and joined the opposition party, still have their names adorning the party register. Similarly, many others who joined the party from 2014 to date do not have their names in the register. “It, therefore, becomes imperative for the party to revalidate its Membership Register, expunge names of those who had left the party and include those who have joined the party from 2014 to date in compliance with Article 9:4 of the Party Constitution. “Similarly, the annual membership dues payment, which has almost been totally neglected over time, is a clear violation of Article 9:1(I) of the Party Constitution. “The committee, therefore, finds the membership revalidation exercise as necessary to capture all members to promote internal democracy in the party. The governor reminded the caucus that his Committee was on a rescue mission, hence, he would do all he could to reposition the party. According to him, the party was fast resolving legal cases within its fold, a situation he said was responsible for mass defection into the party. “You will all recall the circumstances under which the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee which I am opportune to lead, came on board on 26th June 2020. It was a child of circumstance that was made to rescue the party. “May I seize this opportunity to specially appreciate the APC Senate caucus for having faith in and supporting the party. I commend you most sincerely for supporting the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee constituted by the National Executive Committee which I am opportuned to Chair. “Similarly, your support to the government from 2019 to date has been exemplary. “The timely confirmation of ministers and other requests by Mr. President as well as, your commitment to ensuring early passage of the budget further demonstrates the cordial and excellent relationship maintained between the legislative and executive arms of government. ”Let me also reassure you that you will always enjoy the support of the party. As we look into the activities of the party in the last few months and think of the way forward, it is with a high sense of responsibility that I present to you the developments. “On assumption of duty, the committee developed a Road Map and a development plan to serve as a guide towards achieving our set target. “Our bottom to top approach, hinged on genuine and true reconciliation, placing party interest above personal and selfish interests. “The committee constituted reconciliation committees to settle aggrieved persons and factions in all the states with disputes. Members of the reconciliation committee were carefully drawn from critical stakeholders, they are people of proven integrity selected to serve as chairmen and members. “On the list were His Excellency, Ken Nnamani, former Senate President who chaired the Edo state Reconciliation committee while, His Excellency Niger state Governor, Abubakar Bello headed the Ondo state Reconciliation committee. “Similarly, we had Jigawa state Governor, Alhaji Abubakar Badaru chairing the Imo and Ogun state reconciliation committee among others. “Today, we are proud to say that the conflicts in most, if not all of the states have been settled. The party now proudly parade political heavyweights in their respective states who have either returned back to the party or freshly joined the party. “We have the former Speaker of the House of Representatives Hon. Yakubu Dogara, Former PDP National Chairman, Senator Barnabas Gemade, several members of the national assembly, Chief Jimoh Ibrahim, former Head of service of the federation, Mr Danladi Kifasi, Sen. Isa Hamma Misau, Alhaji Salisu Takai among others. “Our recent big catch of a very no less personality than the Executive Governor of Ebonyi state, His Excellency Mr Dave Umahi and several legislators of the state assembly are indeed great milestones in our restoration process. “Many others have indicated interests to either return or join the party. In fact, I want to assure you all that APC will soon shock Nigeria’s political space with massive and unprecedented defections ever witnessed in the political history of our great country, and by the grace of God, APC will undoubtedly remain Nigeria’s leading political party. “The reconciliation exercise by the committee, as part of its interventions, demands the internal resolution of disputes within the party and calls for all court cases against the party be withdrawn from the courts to allow internal settlement of the various disputes. “The CECPC has collated all such cases including identifying the parties to the disputes and litigations and has made schedules for the immediate withdrawal of litigations while equally setting out procedures for hearing out all the aggrieved members, including creating a neutral ground for all to voice out their grievances. “As at today, the party has recorded a large number of completely resolved intra- party disputes while others are ongoing with strong prospects of resolving them.”