The Association of Ebonyi State Indigenes in the Diaspora (AESID) has warned the national leadership of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to be wary of Governor David Umahi. They described the defection as a “disastrous baggage of controversies, deceits and distractions.” On Tuesday, Umahi announced he was dumping the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) In a statement on Wednesday, AESID President, Paschal Oluchukwu, said Umahi had always boasted that he was a PDP member. The association commended some state lawmakers and cabinet members who refused to join the governor on his defection to the APC. Oluchukwu told the APC to “tread cautiously with a man of insatiable greed, selfishness and lust for political power.” He said: “This is a very defining moment and a period of great test of integrity for some politicians in our dear state and exhibition of downright foolishness laced with cowardice on the part of those who are still clutching to Umahi’s straws despite his starvation rate of pay. “We commend the over eight members of the Ebonyi State House of Assembly who chose not to abandon their people and the political platforms that brought them to power despite threats, pressures and even suspensions from Umahi hirelings in the EBHA. “We also wish to commend the likes of the two-term member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Lazarus Ogbee, Mrs. Rebecca Ogbuewu and other appointees who resigned their positions as members of the State Executive Council. “Our thumbs up also go to some of the elders and foundation members of the PDP for maintaining their stand that they shall remain dyed-in-the-wool members of the PDP which has given so many dividends to our dear State in the past two decades. “The APC national leadership should be aware that they are purchasing for themselves a disastrous baggage of controversies, deceits and distractions and must therefore be advised to tread cautiously with a man of insatiable greed, selfishness and lust for political power who because he is often desperate can surrender or subjugate any interest to arm-twist others.”