The Chairman Oriade Local Government in Osun State Olubunmibi Ezekiel Obeisun has been dragged before the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for diverting the sum of N193 million to his personal account. A Non-Governmental Organisation, Centre for Transparency in Governance, which is advocating for transparency in governance, petitioned the EFCC to investigate the council boss over alleged misappropriation of the council’s fund. Obeisun allegedly embezzled N193 Million through the duplication of contract projects, disparities between the actual cost and receipts (invoicing) and others. In the petition sent to the anti-graft agency dated November 6, 2020, the NGO accused the chairman of non-transparency, illegal contracting of road grading without approvals, diversion of funds and non-remittance of income into government accounts, illegal service of loans with Internally Generated Revenue (GR) of the local government. Other allegations levelled against him on EFCC including fraud on projects and programmes, non-rendering of statement of income and expenditure, diversion of public office holders’ allowances, illegal procurement of vehicles and breach of the code of conduct. The good governance advocate asked the anti-graft body to invite some of the councilors including Hon. Ademikore Ibukun, Hon. Ogundiran Damilare, Hon. Olorunfemi Solomon and Hon. Ajimotokin Olagboke. Others are the Council Managers, Directors of Finance, Directors of Works, and leader of the Legislative Arm of the local government, Hon. Deji Olomolatan for period of 2018 November, 2020 for more clarifications. “We want EFCC to commence immediate investigation into the alleged criminal financial mismanagement levelled against Olubunmibi Ezekiel Obeisun for his three years tenure of office from 2018 to November, 2020 for possible prosecution for financial crimes. “This is reputable anti-corruption Civil Society Organization (CSO), that is committed to the abolition of corruption in its entirety in Nigeria. We will be looking forward for immediate and positive response of your good office in dealing with this alleged corrupt practice and betrayal of trust from Mr. Ezekiel Obeisun. “All the actions of the Local Government Chairman are contrary to the spirit of democratic ethos and value and social justice contract with the people of the Council area and this has serious negative impact on the life of the masses in the area,” part of the petition read. The anti-corruption Civil Society Organization (CSO), pledged to come forward at any time to substantiate all the allegations raised in the Petition Letter. When contacted, the council boss claimed he was in a meeting when the reporter called to get his reaction. Our correspondent put calls to the chairman, Hon Obeisun for three consecutive days, but he responded thus, “I am in a meeting. Please call me back.”