Hope PSBank, a subsidiary of Unified Payment Services Limited and Nigeria’s premier digital-first bank has unveiled its brand identity as part of activities marking the commencement of banking operations targeted at promoting and driving financial inclusion in the Nigerian ecosystem. Its commencement of banking operation follows the approval of license as a Payment Service Bank by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in August 2020. Speaking at the launch, the Executive Governor of Lagos State, who was represented by the Commissioner of Finance, Mr. Rabiu Olowo commended promoters of Hope PSBank for making dream of a digital bank a reality, stating that the state government is committed to creating an enabling environment for such innovation to thrive. L-R: The Chairman, Hope PSBank, Alhaji Shehu Abubakar; the Managing Director, Hope PSBank, Mr. Ayotunde Kuponiyi; Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, Dr. Rabiu Olowo; the Director General, National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Alhaji Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi and the Managing Director/CEO, Unified Payments, Mr. Agada Apochi during the official launch of Hope PSBank in Lagos on Tuesday Also speaking at the event the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, who was represented by Director-General, National Information Technology Development Agency(NITDA), Mr. Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi, described the launch of Hope PSBank as a game-changer in the banking sector that would not only reduce operational cost drastically but also bring about transformation in the banking system. In his opening remarks at the unveiling of the company’s brand identity on Tuesday, November 24, 2020, the Chairman, Hope PSBank, Alhaji Shehu Abubakar noted that the launch of Hope PSBank is very symbolic as it aims to revolutionize the banking sector by giving access to millions of Nigerians including those that are unbanked. “It is not just semantics that the name of our bank is ‘Hope’, rather this is symbolic as we bring the message of hope to millions of Nigerians that are unbanked or underserved,” Abubakar said. He explained that the setting up of the bank was focused and largely driven by the need to ensure that a vast majority of Nigerians have access to financial services noting that its logo represents the optimism and dependability which the brand espouses. Abubakar revealed that the payment service bank offers a unique and unparalleled experience for customers as the wallets/accounts are opened end to end without any human intervention. Also speaking, the Managing Director, Hope PSBank, Mr Ayotunde Kuponiyi expressed the company’s aspiration to give hope to Nigerians. He explained that the bank is ready to redefine financial and payment services by driving inclusion through the leverage of digital technologies. According to Kuponiyi, Hope PSBank offers a competitive edge among the lot as it delivers financial services to customers with ease, convenience, affordability and access unhindered. “This is a bank that leverages technology by bringing financial and payment services as well as tailor-made solutions closer to everyone across different channels regardless of economic or social status and location,” he said. He noted that the bank has been structured to address the numerous challenges faced by customers of different demographics or status through the availability of a wide range of products that can be accessed via their phone numbers as payment tools. “With Hope PSBank, every mobile phone user can easily enjoy instant digital financial and payment services using his or her phone number as account number and also a means of payment across all channels – person-to-person on personal devices, web, merchants’ points of sale, automated teller machines and agency outlets. Cheque books are not required, no payment cards or any form factor, just phone number,” Kuponiyi stated. Also speaking, the Chief Marketing Officer, Hope PSBank, Mrs Kathleen Erhimu said the bank is unique from other players in the market as it offers services and solutions to customers of other banks without necessarily having an account registered with it. “At Hope PSBank, we redefine the concept of open banking and the boundaries of competition by offering our unique financial and payment services to customers of other banks who are not required to open or maintain an account with our bank,” Erhimu explained. “All transactions on our platforms are gladly settled into accounts of our community of users and customers with any bank of their choice. Cletus Igah Group Head, Corporate Services Hope PSBank Email: Cletus.igah@hopepsbank.com About Hope PSBank Hope Payment Service Bank Limited (Hope PSBank), Nigeria’s premier Digital-first Bank was incorporated in September 2019 to leverage digital technologies to deliver inclusive financial services. The company believes that everyone irrespective of education, social or economic status and location should have access to financial and payment services with ease and convenience. We seek to provide the 4As – Accessibility, Affordability, Availability and Awareness of Digital Financial Services. With Hope PSBank, every mobile telephone user can easily enjoy instant digital financial and payment services with his or her phone number as account number and also a means of payment across all channels – person-to-person on personal devices, web, merchants’ points of sale, automated teller machines and agency outlets.