Olusegun Bamgbose, National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has mocked President Muhammadu Buhari, asking him to resign after American soldiers successfully rescued one of their citizens in northern Nigeria at the weekend. Bamgbose applauded the outstanding courage displayed by the US Special Operation Forces, in rescuing an American citizen held hostage by armed men in the West African country. Recall that the Special forces successfully rescued an American, 27-year-old Philip Walton, taken hostage in Nigeria by armed men on October 26. Walton was moved to northern Nigeria where he was held and the Pentagon has confirmed that the operation was executed on Saturday. The senior lawyer commended President Donald Trump for the fit but on the other hand, said he weeps for Buhari because he (Buhari) has consistently failed to showcase his military prowess. In a chat with DAILY POST on Monday morning, Bamgbose, a chieftain of the New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, said, “The Boko Haram slaughter Nigerians at will without any reasonable intervention. Many that are held hostage are either killed or kept in the custody of the insurgents. “This is really unfortunate. Pompeo vowed ‘We will never abandon any American taken hostage’ Buhari is certainly not Nigeria’s dream leader. “Leah Shuaib and others are still in custody of the insurgents, with slim hope of ever coming back to reunite with their families. “A leader who can’t guarantee the safety of his subjects should not be recognized as a true leader. “If I were Buhari I will decide on two options, one to resign or buckle up and prove myself to be the real leader. “What is the essence of enjoying the privileges of the President, when you cannot guarantee lives and properties of your citizens? I weep for Buhari’s administration. “This is not what we expected. Enough of flimsy and watery excuses. I’m waiting for a time when President Buhari will say ‘We will never abandon any Nigerian taken hostage, we will protect our people and interests anywhere in the world’ Buhari has indeed disappointed Nigerians in the area of securing lives and properties.”