Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, has confirmed the increment in the pump price of petrol. NNPC said the “slight increase” was due to prevailing market forces of demand and supply. A statement by its Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Kennie Obateru confirmed PPMC’s statement of an increment. 2. The suspended Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibrahim Magu, has been summoned by the Code of Conduct Bureau, CCB. CCB is asking Magu to appear before it on Tuesday with documents of his assets and copies of his assets declarations while in service, among other things. This was contained in a letter dated November 2, 2020 and was signed by CCB’s Director of Intelligence, Investigation, and Monitoring, SP Gwimi. 3. Amid the End SARS protests and controversy, the Nigeria Police Force has formed a new special unit. The new unit is the Special Constabulary Police. Officers, who were listed as special constables into the new unit had their passing-out parade across the federation on Friday. The special constables are to perform the much-talked about community policing duties. 4. Eighteen people have been confirmed dead as a canoe carrying 23 people from Zango Majiya to a farm capsized on River Buji in Itas Gadau Local Government Area of Bauchi State. This was disclosed by the Bauchi State Police Command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, in a statement he issued on Friday. The incident happened on Thursday. 5. A major law firm withdrew overnight from President Donald Trump’s case in Pennsylvania. The President’s campaign is seeking to have mail-in ballots thrown out, and the withdrawal is the latest blow to Trump’s efforts to challenge the 2020 election result in court. The law firm based in Ohio, Porter Wright Morris & Arthur, which brought a suit on Monday arguing that the use of mail-in ballots in the election had created “an illegal two-tiered voting system” in the state, abruptly withdrew from that case in a memo. 6. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has condemned the increment in the pump price of petrol. PDP’s National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan described the reported increment as wicked and unbearable. Ologbondiyan said the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration should stop such inhuman act against Nigerians. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has assented to the Banks and Other Financial Institutions Act 2020. Garba Shehu, presidential spokesman, made the announcement in a statement on Friday. The Act repeals the extant Banks and Other Financial Institutions Act 1991 as amended. 8. An Assistant Commissioner of Police in charge of one of the Area Commands in Edo State and two other police officers were reportedly attacked and shot by suspected robbers in the early hours of Friday at the popular Murtala Muhammed (MM) Way in Benin City. The ACP and the two other officers were said to have been shot when the hoodlums sighted his team on a rescue mission to the troubled MM Way, Upper Sokponba, Idogbo and Ugbekun areas considered as core dens of criminal groups. Scores of others also sustained gunshot injuries during the attack. 9. Imo House of Assembly Speaker, Dr Collins Chiji (APC-Isiala Mbano) was on Friday, impeached. He received the votes of no confidence during a special sitting of the House presided over by the Deputy Speaker, Amarachi Iwuanyanwu (APC-Nwangele). Mr Paul Emeziem of Onuimo state constituency was also elected as the new Speaker and was sworn in by the Clerk of the House, Mr Chinelo Emeghara, at the session. 10. Nigeria threw away a four-goal lead against Sierra Leone on Friday, to draw 4-4 in an Africa Cup of Nations qualifier played in Benin City, Edo state. The Super Eagles came into the clash top of the group with a perfect record and opened the scoring as early as the 4th minute, but derailed during the match to share a point with the visitor.