The Nigerian Army has disclosed that troops of Operation FireBall have succeeded in neutralising scores of Boko Haram terrorists in various clearance operations in the Northeast region. Acting Director Defence Media Operations, Benard Onyeuko disclosed this in a press statement issued on Saturday and made available DAILY POST in Damaturu. The Acting Director also said the troops have apprehended a Boko Haram’s Improvised Explosive Device (IED) maker as well as recovered arms and ammunition from the terrorists. “On 11 November 2020, troops of 151 Battalion deployed in Special Response Area Miyanti acting on credible intelligence embarked on an aggressive Fighting Patrol to clear Boko Haram elements in their hideout in the general area of Ladantar Village. “Expectedly, the gallant troops made contact with the terrorists and engaged them with overwhelming firepower forcing the terrorists to withdraw in disarray. “Nevertheless, the unrelenting troops gave hot pursuit and inflicted heavy casualties on the fleeing terrorists. “In the aftermath of the decisive encounter, 2 Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists were neutralized and one terrorist Improvised Explosive Device (IED) expert was captured. “Also, equipment captured include one Box of Service Tools, one Gas Cylinder suspected to be for making IED”, Onyeuko stated. In another development, the Acting Director also said troops of Army Super Camp 19 Bitta came under attack from an unconfirmed number of Boko Haram Terrorists who attempted to infiltrate the heavily fortified camp. He said the eagle eyed troops who were at high alert repelled the criminals with superior fire power forcing them to withdraw in disarray as blood stains littered along their escape paths. “Similarly, on 8 November 2020, troops of 26 Task Force Brigade Garrison deployed in Gwoza observed Boko Haram criminals advancing to their location in 4 gun trucks and an unconfirmed number of foot soldiers. “The gallant troops engaged the marauding criminals with heavy fire power neutralizing one suicide bomber while others flee in utmost confusion”, Onyeuko disclosed. Brigadier General Onyeuko also noted that, on 8 November, 2020 troops of 192 Battalion deployed in Gwoza also foiled an attempted attack on their location. “After the brief encounter, the criminals escaped with gunshot wounds as traces of blood of dragged casualties were seen during exploitation”. One AK 47 Rifle, one AK 47 Rifle Cover, 4 rounds of Light Machine Gun, 15 rounds of Fabricated 7.62mm, one AK 47 Rifle magazine, 2 rounds of Brownie Machine Gun, 7.62mm links, 2 Rocket Propelled Grenade bombs, 66 rounds of PKT and one Dane Gun were captured by the troops during the encounter. He assured the entire populace of the Northeast of the Nigerian military high command’s determination to finally rout the remnants of BHT/ISWAP criminals from their enclaves in the region