Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has issued a strong warning to Nyesom Wike, saying that the Rivers State Governor will end up like Ken Saro-Wiwa, the late Ogoni-born writer, television producer and environmental activist. Kanu was reacting to a recent report published on DAILY POST where the Ogoni people in Rivers State pleaded with the Federal Government to halt the ongoing construction of a prison facility and a cemetery on their land. Coordinating Committee of the of the 25th memorial of Ogoni martyrs made the demand in a media briefing held in commemoration of the November 10 Hero’s day. However, the IPOB leader said that Ogoniland is now filled with prison yards and cemeteries due Saro-Wiwa”s mistake of betraying his own people of Biafra. Recall that Saro-Wiwa was tried by a special military tribunal during the regime of General Sani Abacha. He was accused of masterminding the gruesome murder of Ogoni chiefs at a pro-government meeting. And following the crisis that emanated from the #EndSARS protest in Oyigbo Local Government Area, Gov Wike had accused members IPOB of being responsible for the killings and destruction in the State and signed the executive order declaring the group as terrorist organisations and banishing it from the state.
And ever since it has been series of verbal attacks from the IPOB and its leadership against the Governor In a Facebook post on Tuesday, Kanu recalled, “A little over 50 years ago, a young pretender to the throne Wike is aspiring to occupy today, by the name Ken Saro Nwiwa, later named Wiwa, just as Nwike is now Wike instead of Nwike by removing the first letter ‘N’ in his Igbo surname, made the mistake of betraying his own, the people of Biafra. Kanu noted that Saro-wiwa’s village has been roundly destroyed by pollution from.oil exploration, insisting that Ogoni has not been freed as a result of the activist’s alleged betrayal of Biafra. He said, “Wike, this is the same prize you will pay for your betrayal of Biafra but yours will be worse because the name Wike will no longer exist.” Kanu warned that this should serve as an important lesson to the people of Ogoni and all those supporting Governor Wike, adding that “You all must know that betrayal of your people never pays.”