The Association of Nigeria Universities Alumni (ANUA), has appealed to the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) to suspend its proposed nationwide protest. ANUA urged NANS to suspend the protest pending the time the association would resolve the crisis between the federal government and the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU). DAILY POST gathered that NANS has concluded plans to stage a nationwide protest against the ongoing strike embarked upon by ASUU. But, ANUA has said that there is no need for the protest because it was confident that the crisis would soon be resolved. ANUA in a statement signed by its chairman, Dr. Stephen Olawale Fasakin and the General Secretary, Alhaji Mohammed Sani Wada, promised to positively contribute to the resolution of outstanding issues by bringing the knowledge and experience of its members to bear. The duo in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Monday said, “we strongly advise the National Association of Nigerian Students, NANS, to tarry a bit on their planned protest to allow the steps of mediation proposed herein to come into fruition. We are confident that, by the said proposed mediation process, the end to the impasse is nigh. “ANUA, attending as a stakeholder in matters concerning university education in Nigeria, will positively contribute to the resolution of outstanding issues by bringing the knowledge and experience of its members to bear. In their individual capacities, the members of ANUA have been contributing to the advancement of education in the relevant institutions and we believe we will be able to bring our collective wealth of experience to bear in so far as the discussions between the government and ASUU are concerned. “It is our firm conviction that university education in Nigeria will be open to better stories to tell if the government, trade unions in universities and alumni bodies of universities work hand-in-hand. “Therefore, our interest lies, strongly, in encouraging the two sides to find a mutually agreeable position in resolving outstanding issues. However, we will only be able to do that when we are physically present to make our presentations to the parties while also witnessing interactions between the two sides and note first hand the stand-point and border lines of each side. “Consequent upon the above, we, again, humbly, request that you permit our team led by our Chairman, the General Secretary and the Legal Officer (or as you may prefer), to attend the next round of negotiation between the government and ASUU.”