The Federal High Court has begun a clampdown on fake news purveyors as it orders the IGP to prosecute a businessman over false information and wrongful fraud allegations. Justice Taiwo O. Taiwo of the federal high court in Abuja, ordered the Inspector General of Police to refile an earlier withdrawn charge and prosecute Chika Ikenga, Suraj Yakubu, as well as Eunisell Chemicals for alleged forgery, presentation of fake information and false allegation against Kenneth Amadi, with a view to implicate him in a fraud case. Others to be joined in the suit according to the judgement are the Deputy Inspector General (DIG), Michael Anthony Ogbizim of the Force Criminal Investigation Department (FCID) and Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Augustine Sanomi, who is the Commissioner of Police, Legal at the FCID. The court order was contained in the judgement on a suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/1580/2019, filed by Kenneth Amadi, Happiness Amadi and Idip Nigeria Limited for an order of mandamus, compelling the respondents to refile an earlier charge by the police against Chika Ikenga, Suraj Yakubu and Eunisell Chemicals but was withdrawn by the police. Kenneth Amadi had in December 2019 dragged the Inspector General of Police, DIG Michael Anthony Ogbizim and DCO Augustine Sanomi before Justice Taiwo for withdrawing the charges against Chika Ikenga. Amadi’s request had followed reports of investigations by the Police and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission EFCC, which cleared him of accusations by Chika Ikenga. Ikenga in January 2017, petitioned the Police and the EFCC, accusing Amadi of criminal conspiracy, obtaining money by false pretence, cheating, stealing and defrauding his company, Eunisell of the sum of N102 million. A copy of the judgment on November 16, 2020, read: “Having considered the law and facts before me, this court hereby grants the prayer sought by the applicant. “The respondents are hereby compelled to refile the charge and prosecute Chika Ikenga, Suraj Yakabu and Eunisell Chemicals Ltd for the offences of false information, forgery and false impersonation as contained in charge No.CR/361/18 between the Inspector General of Police and Chika Ikenga, Suraj Yakubu & Eunisell Chemicals Ltd which charge was filed on the 5th of October, 2018 and withdrawn on the 26th of February, 2019.” The Judge instructed that the charges be refiled by the police within 14 days