President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, has stated that the president exhibited his fatherly attribute in the handling of the End SARS crisis. Adesina explained that Buhari exhibited his fatherly attribute when he said it would be in the interest of Nigerian youths to ensure peace in the country. Recall that some aggrieved youths had recently taken to the streets to protest over police brutality and bad governance. The youths had demanded a reform of the policing system in Nigeria amid several other things. But, the peaceful protest was later hijacked by hoodlums who wreaked havoc on private and public properties, including the looting of business places across the country. However, in the wake of the End SARS protests and destruction, Buhari had told the United Nations, UN, Deputy Secretary-General, Amina Mohammed that jobs, infrastructural developments youths seek can only happen in an atmosphere of peace. However, Adesina said such remarks among other Private actions by the president to resolve the End SARS crisis stood him out as a father. The presidential aide stated this in his latest article titled: “we have not many fathers.” He also noted that all through the End SARS crisis, Buhari acted like a father. According to Adesina: “Perhaps the place I saw the President exhibit the greatest stoicism of a father, beleaguered by the actions of his rebellious children, was when Amina Mohammed visited. It was quite touching to hear President Buhari declare: “It is in the interest of our youths to keep the peace. They want jobs, infrastructure and development…and that is what we are fighting to correct. We can’t just sit, fold our hands, and do nothing. We are doing our best within the limits of resources.” “There is truly a huge difference between an instructor, a tutor, and a father. One is a hireling, procured to pass knowledge, while the other is an insider, an interested party who is “pater familias,” (as my late dad would say). “All through the EndSARS protest and the riots, mayhem and looting that followed, President Buhari acted like a father. And though we have millions of instructors in this country, we have not many fathers. President Buhari is one.”