Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. At least, 11 persons were killed and several others injured, after Boko Haram terrorists attacked Takulashe village in Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State. The village was attacked at about 10:00pm on Sunday, an attack which lasted for over three hours before the military arrived to repel the attackers. 2. The West African Examinations Council (WAEC), has released the results of the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for School Candidates, 2020. WAEC Head of the Nigeria National Office, Patrick Areghan, who disclosed this at a press briefing on Monday, said candidates who sat for the examination and who have fulfilled their financial obligations to the council can access their performance on the council’s results website. 3. The National Examinations Council (NECO), on Monday, announced that 2020 Senior School Certificate Examination (SSCE) in all states and Abuja, will resume on November 9. NECO spokesperson, Azeez Sani,said that the exam body will make the new schedule available to the general public, schools and candidates from November 4. 4. Ahead of the 2023 general elections, presidential campaign posters of Rotimi Amaechi, Minister of Transportation have surfaced. The campaign posters which also have Nasir El-Rufai, Governor of Kaduna State as Amaechi’s running mate for the 2023 presidential election, were sighted in front of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and some highways in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory, FCT. 5. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has pointed out why it won’t call off the industrial action embarked upon by its members. The Coordinator of the Calabar Zone of ASUU, Dr. Aniekan Brown said the industrial action would continue as long as the government insists on the Integrated Payroll and Personal Information System, IPPIS. 6. The All Progressives Congress, APC, on Monday, dismissed insinuations that the End SARS protest may affect the party’s presidential chances in 2023. APC’s Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Yekini Nabena, insisted that the protests will not in any way affect the party’s chances of retaining power in 2023. 7. The Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai, has revealed those who hijacked the peaceful End SARS protest. El-Rufai, who noted that the peaceful protest was hijacked by anti-democratic forces, however, noted that organisers of the protest had the best of intentions for the country. 8. The Northern States Governors Forum (NSGF) including traditional rulers and stakeholders have called for the regulation of social media in Nigeria. In a communiqué issued in Kaduna on Monday at the end of their meeting with traditional rulers and other political office holders from the region, the forum said the new media would have to be regulated in order to halt the dangers of spreading fake news. 9. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has confirmed the invitation of Mr. Babatunde Fowler, former Chairman of the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) for questioning. EFCC spokesman, Mr. Wilson Uwujaren, told newsmen on Monday that Fowler was invited by the commission but responded to the invitation on Monday. 10. Kabul University in Afghanistan was attacked on Monday. The institution was hosting the ‘Afghanistan and Iran book exhibition’. Thousands, including students, staff and visitors, scampered as armed men fired sporadically.