The Blues have been making up for their earlier season woes with a couple of decent showing in games as witnessed against Rennes in midweek. It then puts many in the fulcrum of believing that the Chelsea side can achieve the incredible so to say on the pitch. The Blues would face the Sheffield United side well aware of the result the visitors earned at their expense last season at Stamford Bridge. They finished 2-2 at the London arena despite the Blues taking a 2-0 lead thanks to a brace from Nigeria linked Tammy Abraham as at then. However, with the recent turnaround Lampard’s side has had in recent weeks, DAILY POST, evaluate the three significant things to look forward to this weekend. Chelsea players reshuffling The Blues are expected to make changes to their squad having played Rennes in midweek of the UEFA Champions League. Billy Gilmour could be nearing his return to action but it may come too soon for him to make a return to the side. However, there could be changes probably in the defence and in the attacking position thus giving other players in the squad some minutes of action on the pitch. Lads like Timo Werner and Kai Havertz may have had their time for Chelsea but we may well see Tammy Abraham and Mason Mount in the Chelsea team. While the same could be for Fikayo Tomori who would be welcome news for the side after the physical problems he’s had already in the current Chelsea side. Three points for Chelsea The talented Chelsea side would be expected to pick up the maximum three points while playing at home owing to their imperious form at the moment. They have won the last couple of games with Hakim Ziyech, Edouard Mendy and Timo Werner flourishing foremost part of that occasion. They have been impressive lately and it looks like Lampard is beginning to find his rhythm among this group of players. Such aspirations and performances should see Chelsea through at home against the Blades as they have got what it takes to overcome the Sheffield United side at home, this weekend. Another Mendy goal vigilance The man of the match performer Edouard Mendy has been the standout performer for this Blue’s side in recent games. Frank Lampard would heavily be delighted with his immense showings in goal as they lock horns with the Blades. Mendy has been outstanding coupled with his goal keeping form in between the sticks for Chelsea. He’s kept about three clean sheets for his side. And so expect more showing from the 28 years old Senegalese international in the Chelsea goal as they face Sheffield.