Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria, PASAN, a body of staff working in the National and State Assemblies has expressed disappointment over non-implementation of financial autonomy for State legislative houses. Speaking after the session of the National Executive Council meeting of PASAN in Abuja, National President of PASAN, Comrade Mohammed Usman said President Muhammadu Buhari last year signed Executive Order 10 demanding financial autonomy for State legislative houses, but governors of States in cahoot with Speakers were working against the financial autonomy. According to him, the association goes cap in hand all the time to ensure the welfare of its members, saying they will continue to follow due process to ensure implementation despite resistance from governors and Speakers. He said PASAN will have no option than shut down all State Houses of Assembly nationwide if financial autonomy was not granted in line with the wishes of the people. Also, the communique of the Association’s meeting which was made available to DAILY POST called for immediate implementation of financial autonomy and withdrawal of law suit from courts seeking to quash Executive Order 10. “PASAN NEC in session deliberated on wide range of issues affecting the welfare of her members and the progress of the association. “At the end of deliberation, the Council expressed her appreciation of the National Assembly (NASS); the Senate President, Senator Ahmed Lawan and the Rt. Honourable Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamilla and the management of the National Assembly led by the Clerk to the National Assembly, Arc. Amos Ojo for their unflinching support to the upliftment of PASAN in Nigeria. “That NEC also expressed her disappointment over the lukewarm attitudes of the Speakers Forum over the Governor’s joint suit at the court challenging the financial autonomy of the State Legislature. “That NEC is displeased with the delay in the implementation of financial autonomy of the State legislatures therefore shall commence the process of industrial action immediately to ensure its implementation,” it stated.