The Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN) on Sunday tasked governors across the country to key into the review welfare packages for teachers in their states. TRCN Registrar, Professor Segun Ajiboye made this disclosure via a statement made available to DAILY POST. Ajiboye, in the statement tasked governors across the country to key into the review of welfare packages for teachers which is set for implementation by the federal government. He maintained that the need to key into the new welfare packages is necessary, due to the fact that Education is on the concurrent list. Ajiboye declared that state governments should be ready for smooth implementation at the state level. He said that President Muhammadu Buhari recently approved a new salary scale among other welfare package for teachers being worked upon for implementation by the Federal Ministry of Education and Office of Head of Service of the Federation. Ajiboye noted that when fully implemented at both federal and state levels, the best brain will be attracted to teaching while those experienced will be retained. He added that years of neglect of the welfare of teachers is being attended to by President Muhammadu Buhari to lay solid education foundation for the Nigerian child and boost the morale of professional teachers. Ajiboye said, “Very recently President Muhammadu Buhari approved some welfare package for teachers. The approval cut across new salary structure for teachers, retirement age, some allowances, teaching practice allowances for both lecturers and pre-service teachers, Bursary awards for Education students, rural housing scheme for teachers, etc. “Presently, the Federal Ministry of Education and the Office of Head of Service of the Federation are working out details on implementation of Mr President approvals. While this is going on it is incumbent on the States to be carried along for a smooth implementation at that level given the fact that Education is on concurrent legislative list.” Ajiboye while speaking further insisted that quality education is essential to the development of nations. He remarked that welfare of teachers will motivate performance and impactful teaching. “The issue of teachers welfare in our country has been downplayed over the years. Yes we need police to control crime in our societies, but much more we need the teachers to eradicate crime and criminality in our country. “The teachers are the purveyors of quality education. And quality education is sine qua non to development of nations.”