Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Boko Haram attacked a village in Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State on Sunday. The insurgents stormed Takulashe village at about 9am and opened fire on civilians in sight. 2. Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State on Sunday dismissed claims that palliatives meant to cushion the effect of COVID-19 pandemic were deliberately hoarded by State governors. Akeredolu, who is the Chairman of the Southwest Governors’ Forum disclosed that the insistence on official flag-off ceremony by the Coalition Against Covid-19 before the distribution was largely responsible for the delay in distributing the items to the people. 3. The Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Sunday, called for the resignation of the State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu. Taofik Gani, the Publicity Secretary of the party in the state, explained that the people of the state no longer trust Sanwo-Olu, following the use of soldiers against peaceful End SARS protesters at Lekki toll gate in the state. 4. The Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has threatened to impose fresh restrictions on worship centres in the State. Wike, on Sunday, expressed his displeasure at flagrant violation of COVID-19 regulations by churches in the state. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday urged Nigerian youths to shun street protests and engage his government in meaningful discussions on police reforms. Buhari said Nigerian youths should engage his administration in discussions that would bring about comprehensive reforms to end all forms of police brutality against. 6. The Nigerian Bar Association, NBA, has faulted the Federal Government’s moves to regulate social media. The NBA President, who made the position known when he appeared on Channels Television’s Sunday Politics, insisted that social media is regulated already, wondering if the government is planning to shut it down completely. 7. A 40-year-old jealous lover, identified as Etifa Obukulubu, on Saturday in Igbogene area of Yenagoa Local Government Area, the Bayelsa State, allegedly set ablaze the home of his girlfriend over suspicion of cheating. The deceased, a pastor working with the New Baptist Church and a female assistant were reportedly burnt to death in the fire. 8. Troops of Operation Sahel, in a recent raid, neutralized several bandits in the Northeast, Nigeria. According to the Acting Director, Defense media operations, Brigadier- General Benerd Onyeuko, on the 29th of October 2020, troops swiftly responded to a distress call about bandits’ activities at Diskuru village in Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina State. 9. There was pandemonium in Ogun State as armed men suspected to be cultists unleashed terror on the people of Ifo town in the early hours of Sunday. It was gathered that the suspected cultists were said to have invaded the town, causing serious tension as residents and commuters fled for dear lives. 10. The Nigerian Islamic human rights group, Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), has condemned the attacks on Muslims in Igboland. The group further alleged that 11 Muslims were killed during the #EndSARS protests in Port Harcourt and Orlu while the Orlu Central Mosque was completely destroyed barely two weeks ago.