Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has promised to rebuild police stations burnt during the End SARS protest in the state. The Governor made this known on Monday when he visited the headquarters of the Oyo State Police Command in Eleyele, NAN reports. He also said that the family of the officers killed during the protest would be compensated from the N500 million fund earlier announced by the government. “The Commissioner of Police just handed over a document to me few minutes ago and it contains the request from the Oyo State Command of the Nigeria Police; stations that have to be rebuilt, logistics that have to be taken care of. “I have not read it, I stand before you to say that everything listed in it for us to do has been accepted and we will do it. “The government has set up an initial N500 million fund, the family of the policemen that were killed will be compensated from the N500 million and I pray for the souls of the departed officers,” Makinde said. According to him, the past few weeks had been a challenge for the Police in Oyo State and Nigeria in general, assuring that the Oyo State Government was solidly with them. He, however, urged the officers to put behind what had happened and go back to work so as not to allow criminal-minded individuals to take over the state. “We need your cooperation to ensure that arsonists, anarchists are brought to book and I’m here to work with you to ensure that the burden you are carrying becomes light, ” he added. Also speaking, Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) Leye Oyebade said whatever happened must not deter the officers from carrying out their constitutional responsibilities of protecting lives and property. “We need to move forward, the statutory responsibility of the police cannot be given to any other security agencies. “Police must go back and take its rightful place and make the state calm. “We must work together to bring heinous crime to the barest minimum and we have to work with other security agencies,” Oyebade said.