The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) has resolved to organise a nationwide mass protest for the immediate reopening of all universities across the country. This resolution was reached in a communiqué issued on Wednesday in Enugu after NANS Students’ Leaders Emergency Virtual Meeting held on Nov. 9. The students’ leaders lamented that the continued strike was an organized crime against students’ career and educational pursuits. NANS issued a 14-day Ultimatum for both parties (ASUU and FG) to resolve their impasse for campuses to re-open or risk Mass Protest. The Union warned that #EndASUUStrike protest will have economic shut down as the major target. The communiqué reads in part:” NANS declares the necessity of minimum of two academic session school fees waiver for Nigerian students in both state and federal institutions in the spirit of COVID-19 palliative to ameliorate the economic effects of the lockdown occasioned by the global pandemic. “This is to avert mass drop out of students which may increase crime and criminality among youths in Nigeria.” The association lamented that the government had not earmarked meaningful budgetary allocation to the educator sector in line with the recommendation of UNESCO 26 per cent educational budgetary allocation. According to the student Union, this can be traced as the root cause of incessant strike by the Academic Staff Unions in all Nigeria tertiary institutions. “Consequently, NANS with no hesitation declares 14 days Ultimatum for both ASUU and FG to resolve their impasse to reopen our campuses or risk Mass Protest tagged #EndASUUStrike Nationwide. “While the Government and ASUU have nothing to lose at the end of every strike, both salaries, promotions and other emoluments among others flows uninterrupted; According to the body, “Nigerian students are the greatest losers of the strike as their career are delayed, stay on campus extended, house rent/hostel fee incurred, NYSC age limit exceeded, Federal/state job age requirement exceeded among other negative effects and impacts on general life plan of an average Nigerian student. The communiqué was jointly signed by the communiqué drafting committee led by Mr Salahudeen Lukman as Chairman, from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria and Mr Danladi Jonah from Modibo Adama Federal University Yola, Adamawa State. Others are Mr Ogunsanya Rasheed, JCC Chairman Lagos, Mr Adai Pius, SUG President, Federal University of Agriculture, Michael Otedola College of Primary Education, Noforija-Epe, Lagos State and Mr Nwafor Joshua, Ebonyi State University, Abakaliki and Rukkayya Yusuf, ABU Zaria, Kaduna State.