Akwa Ibom State Police Command said it has arrested one David Joshua Okon an SS2 student of West Itam Secondary School, Uyo, for allegedly killing an SS3 student, Solomon Bassey in a cult clash between the two classes. The Command Public Relations Officers, SP Odiko MacDon who disclosed this on Tuesday in a press statement said the Commissioner of Police, CP Amiengheme Andrew frowned at the moral decadence in some secondary schools and called on parents to inculcate values into their children, adding that the proscription order of the State government will be enforced to the later. He said “one David Joshua Okon, a student of West Itam Secondary School who stabbed and killed one Solomon Bassey, of the same School in a cult-related SS2 and SS3 fight has been arrested. He also said the command has arrested 54 suspected cultists terrorizing some communities in the State adding that normalcy has returned to the volatile areas as intensive patrols are ongoing in the local governments. The statement reads in parts, “Following the disturbing report of cult clash in Obot Idim, Afaha Ikot Obio Nkan, Nung Udoe and Ikot Odongo, in Ibesikpo Asutan Local Government Area, which led to the death of three suspected cultists, the Commissioner of Police Akwa Ibom State, *CP AMIENGHEME ANDREW, fdc* deployed Operatives of Ibesikpo Division and Anti-Cultism Unit to restore law and order. A total of Thirty-One Suspected Cultists were arrested. while the operation to fish out the remaining culprits is still ongoing, sanity has since been restored to Ibesikpo Asutan and its environs. “In a similar vein, (16) Suspected Cultists have been arrested in Oruk Anam Local Government Area in connection with the Cult disturbances in Inen Clan. Suspects have confessed and made useful statements pertaining to their involvements in the killings and disruption of economic activities in the Area. “On the other hand, seven (7) suspected Cultists have also been arrested in Etinan Local Government Area. While normalcy has been restored to the Area, an intensive patrol is still ongoing.”