Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Supreme Court, on Wednesday, affirmed Douye Diri, as the duly elected Governor of Bayelsa State. The seven-man panel in a unanimous judgement read by Justice Sylvester Ngwuta, dismissed the six appeals filed against Diri and his deputy, Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo. 2. The Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai, has maintained that the Nigerian Army was professional in its conduct, in response to a report by CNN on the shooting of End SARS protesters at Lekki toll gate in Lagos State. Buratai said the Nigerian Army will never operate outside the rules of engagement. 3. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, said it has shifted ground from its initial demands in the interests of Nigerian students who have spent over seven months at home. ASUU said it has dumped its initial insistence that the government should release one tranche of N220 billion revitalization fund and is now demanding for 50 per cent of one tranche (N110 billion). 4. Activist Kenechukwu Okeke has threatened to drag CNN staff to court over its independent investigation on the October 20 shooting incident at the Lekki Toll Gate. Okeke said the investigation by CNN is an affront on Nigeria’s sovereignty and must be sanctioned. 5. National Assembly members from Ebonyi State, elected on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said they would not defect from the party like Governor Dave Umahi. The federal lawmakers from Ebonyi stated that no member of the caucus is decamping, asserting that the three Senators and five House of Representatives members remain in the PDP. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has commended the defection of Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi to the All Progressives Congress (APC). The Nigerian leader described it “as a bold move driven purely by principle rather than opportunistic motives”. 7. The stay of execution filed by the leadership of the Ondo State House of Assembly against the judgement of the High Court reinstating three suspended lawmakers has been dismissed by the Court of Appeal. The Court of Appeal sitting in Akure on Wednesday queried the appellants for bringing a frivolous suit before the court. 8. The presidency has apologized for the botched South-South parley that top federal government officials were scheduled to attend. In a statement on Wednesday, presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu said “an emergency meeting” summoned by the President caused the postponement. 9. The Ooni of Ife, Adeyeye Ogunwusi on Wednesday, welcomed a new prince into the family, the Oodua palace and to the world. Ooni, on his official Twitter handle, congratulated the entire House of Oduduwa and Olori Silekunola who birthed a Prince to the Royal throne of Oduduwa. 10. The West African Examination Council, WAEC, has again extended registration for its 2020 West African Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination for private candidates. According to the council, the new deadline is November 19, 2020.