The Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi, has sacked more of his appointees to accommodate new party supporters. This came barely 48 hours after his defection to the All Progressives Congress. Umahi equally dissolved all boards and commissions except few that are tenured by law. Recall that the governor had sacked all political appointees; all coordinators, Senior Technical Assistants, STAs, Technical Assistants, TAs among others from Ohaukwu LGA. DAILY POST learnt that the sacked political appointees in Ohaukwu were the ones recommended by the former governor of the state, Senator Sam Egwu. Investigation revealed that the sack of the ex-governors’ loyalists by Umahi was not unconnected with his (Egwu) refusal to defect together with him (Umahi) to APC. Umahi had in a statement signed and forwarded to journalists in Abakaliki by the Secretary to the State Government, Dr. Kenneth Ugbala, said the sack is with immediate effect, and directed affected persons handover all properties that are in their possessions. “In avowed determination of Ebonyi State Government to allow greater participation of Ebonyians in governance, the Governor Chief David Nweze Umahi, has approved the removal from office; all the Coordinators, All the Executive Assistants, (EAs), all the Senior Technical Assistants, (STAs), all the Technical Assistants, (TAs) all the Liaison Officers and all the Management Committee Members of Development Centres in Ohaukwu LGA” he said In a related development, the governor few hours after the sack of appointees from Ohaukwu, announced the dissolution of all boards and commissions. According to him “In the effort of Ebonyi State Government to reposition the Government, promote inclusiveness and enhance service delivery, the Governor Chief David Umahi, has approved the immediate dissolution of all Boards and Commissions that are not tenured by law,” he said. He equally tasked all the former officials affected by dissolution to hand over all government property in their possession to the Secretary to the State Government and Coordinating commissioner before the close of work on Monday.