A member of the Northern Elders Forum and the Chairman of Maje Foundation, Alhaji Rufai Mukhtar Danmaje, has asked the Minister of Works, Babatunde Fashola to honorably resign his position for failing to complete any projects since his assumption of office as Works Minister five years ago. Danmaje said it is no longer story that for example in the entire Northern region, no single project embarked upon by the Minister has been completed despite the huge tax payers money allocated to his ministry. Mukhtar Danmaje who is presenting the views of the Northern Elders Forum, said if the Minister refused to voluntarily resign, the President Muhammadu Buhari should hesitate to quickly sack him and subject him to scrutiny to know what happens to Billions of Tax payers money allocated to his ministry. “For example look at the issue of Mambila Hydro Power project. Over time the Minister has been deceiving the President and indeed Nigerians that works have reached high percentage but only for a committee to now expose that there is nothing on ground there”. He noted that the issue of Mambila hydro Power project is enough to sack the minister or asking him to resign honorably, but he chooses to remain aloof as if all is alright. He said, “if people like Fashola continue to talk about rotational Presidency back to the South, they might provoke us to reject voting for anybody from that region because we consider him a failure and nothing more. “You could see that no single road project is been completed under Fashola in the entire Northern Nigeria even the darling Kano, Kaduna, Abuja road he is saying can’t be completed till after their tenure, so what are we saying?” Talking about the problems of insecurity in the North, Danmaje worried that the region lacks leadership that will steer its mission and design a roadmap for its survival. “We fall into the trap of insecurity for many reasons, one of which was because of lack of leadership in the region and indeed lack of tentative roadmap for its survival and indeed negligence of the traditional institution which earlier on were our mirrors.”