Inspite of the alleged payment of ransom to secure the release of their member, Dr Godwin Udo, who was kidnapped on November 1st 2020 by unknown gunmen, the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) has directed all members to observe a total strike action pending when Governor Ben Ayade would make a commitment to stop kidnap of Medical Doctors or their family members DAILY POST gathered that N13m was allegedly paid to kidnappers to secure the release of Dr Udo who is a staff of the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital. He was abducted at Bateba Street in Calabar by unknown gunmen. The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), Chairman and Secretary Dr Innocent Abang and Dr Freeman Egbe respectively said the Association met to review the position of the indefinite withdrawal of medical services declared on Nov. 4, NMA in Cross River and has decided to continue with the indefinite strike in spite of the release of Dr Udo. “NMA in Cross River has decided to continue with the withdrawal of medical services until the issue of security is addressed adequately including bringing all the criminals to book. We cannot continue with the ugly cycle of the kidnapping of our members, withdrawal of medical services, payment of ransom and then suspension of strike with the cycle recurring” the Association pointed out. The Association called on all her members to comply with this decision by remaining calm and being security conscious, while State Officers Committee engages the state government and other relevant agencies on this issue, The Association implores the state government and the various security agencies to do more in safeguarding lives and properties in the state. However, the NMA called on the President, the Inspector General of Police, to as a matter of urgency intervene in the security quagmire ravaging the once peaceful Cross River. “The Association appreciates the Security Operatives, Permanent Secretary Special Services, Cross River, Commissioner of Police, Director, Department of State Service and members of the press for the commitment to the safe release of our colleague, At the time of filing this report, it was learnt that over ten patients have been reported dead at the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital and the entrance to the Accident and Emergency, has been closed. Speaking with DAILY POST, some Doctors regretted the incident saying that they cannot continue to be guinea pigs for everyone. ”Before it was our family members and now our members, the Doctors are being abducted at will, we cannot allow it to continue, let the Governor give us assurance” he stated,