Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria, Godwin Emefiele has come under attack for filing a suit seeking to freeze the accounts of 19 individuals and a public affairs company linked to the EndSARS protests. DAILY POST reported that the request filed by the CBN on October 20 was granted by Justice Ahmed Mohammed of a Federal High Court in Abuja. The court order directed all head offices of Access Bank, Fidelity Bank, First Bank Nigeria, Guaranty Trust Bank, United Bank of Africa, and Zenith Bank, directed the banks to freeze all transactions on the 20 accounts on the list for a period of 180 days pending the outcome of investigation and inquiry conducted by CBN. Some of the affected individuals include Bolatito Racheal Oduala, Chima David Ibebunjoh, Mary Doose Kpengwa, Saadat Temitope Bibi, Bassey Victor Israel, Wisdom Busaosowo Obi, Nicholas Ikhalea Osazele, Ebere Idibie, Akintomide Lanre Yusuf, Uhuo Ezenwanyi Promise and Mosopefoluwa Odeseye. The development has stirred reactions from Nigerians who accused Emefiele of being used as a tool by the Buhari-led government to oppress the youths. Some Nigerian youths criticised the CBN Governor for having a dialogue with some End SARS promoters, but proceeded behind closed doors to freeze accounts. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @OdyJohnson “ Please don’t forget that this is the same Godwin Emefiele of CBN who was hosting zoom meetings with #EndSARS comrades weeago.Today he is getting court order to freeze people’s account. Don’t trust this government, boycott the nonsense judicial investigative panel.” @Ebitupromise “It is so difficult for Mr Godwin Emefiele to block Boko haram sponsor’s bank accounts , now very easy to block #EndSARS bank accounts. Demon in disguise.” @LoladeSowolu “ Shame on you @cenbank for doing the bidding of your General. And on you Godwin Emefiele for rubbishing this institution. You will not live forever.” @Gidiwave “ Just so we are clear, Mr Godwin Emefiele finds it hard to freeze the accounts of politicians who have stolen billions but in a few weeks can freeze the accounts of youth who protest and have spoken out against injustice.” @FAGalileo “ Godwin Emefiele will go down as the WORST CBN governor in Nigeria. What a crying Shame. He should continue with his ass licking.” @Fidtoch “ Godwin Emefiele is the real definition of ‘a house Nigger’. Always ready to do the bidding of Master(s) with no consideration of his integrity whatsoever. Please @cenbank freeze inflation not the accounts of #EndSARS protesters.” @DokunOjomo “ Godwin Emefiele, should cover his face in shame.” @ThedispatcherHQ “ Godwin Emefiele is a dangerous sycophant; his role in trying to stop the #EndSARS movement in October and going ahead to froze the bank accounts of protestors, including @Gatefieldco’s, is not only idiotic but very desperate to please the incompetent, Mr. @MBuhari.” @Geekinquest “ There’s no fool like an Old fool. Godwin Emefiele is a disgrace and a coward. I remember he was in that zoom call with Pamilerin and others. Yet he still slyed us #Endsars.May God give him unrest and unncessary wahala till whenever.” @Iam_Efe “ Protest resumes Monday at @cenbank CBN HQ. Godwin Emefiele has started it, we will finish it. #EndSARS.” @Tesam22 “ Shame on you @cenbank for supporting the oppressors of Nigerians. Godwin Emefiele, be rest assured you will in no way escape justice when Nigerian youths take over governance. @cenbank shame! Emefiele, double shame! @IamRouvafe “ Godwin Emefiele is just 59 years, he still has over 20 years of life to answer for his betrayal of Nigerian Youths who are no longer politically docile and who are now out to claim what’s rightfully theirs.” @SirChuks “ Godwin Emefiele you have messed up Big time. Why do you allow yourself to be used by this wicked and failed government? You should be ashamed of yourself. “