Femi Fani-Kayode, former minister of aviation has warned the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, over the planned defection of Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi to the All Progressives Congress, APC. There are reports that Umahi is planning to dump the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the ruling party. Fani-Kayode, reacting, said he is yet to confirm the news but described Umahi’s rumoured defection to APC as troubling. According to him, other governors may join Umahi to defect to the APC which will affect the party’s chances of winning the 2023 presidential election. The PDP Chieftain on his Twitter page wrote: “The rumour that my friend and brother Gov. David Umahi of Ebonyi state is planning to leave @OfficialPDPNig and join @OfficialAPCNg is troubling. “I am yet to confirm if it is true and I will see him in the next few days to know the true position of things but if it is then I urge the leadership of the PDP to do all they can to ensure that he stays. Not only is he a profoundly good man and an excellent Governor but his contributions to the success of the PDP over the last 20 years at various levels is immeasurable and simply extraordinary. “ Apart from that he happens to be a good friend of mine and someone I hold in high esteem, immense respect and affection for. Unlike many he is forthright and his word is his bond. He is either with you or against you, he is fearless, bold and has the courage of his convictions.” Fani-Kayode further called on the National Chairman of PDP, Uche Secondus to do everything within his power to persuade Umahi to stay at the party. “What makes the matter worse is that other Governors may also contemplate leaving if he does because he has a lot of friends and goodwill amongst them. “If that happens it will affect our party’s chances in the 2023 presidential election in a very significant way. “Again I call on the National Chairman and the NWC of our great party to do all they can to keep Umahi on board. “He is one of our brightest and best and losing him to the APC would be a monumental error and great tragedy,” he stated. Fani-Kayode added that the PDP needs Umahi as he is a great asset to the opposition party. “ The fact of the matter is that we need him just as we need everyone else and petty divisions and internal wranglings at this crucial time do not help us. “Umahi is a great asset to the party and a source of strength and inspiration to the rank -‘d file right across the country,” his tweet added.