A 23-year-old man, Hamza Usman, was on Wednesday night attacked and stabbed to death after he visited his girlfriend’s house at Anguwar Mahaukata in Bauchi State. The state police command Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, however, informed in a press release he signed and made available to journalists in Bauchi on Friday that the alleged culprit, one Kabiru Ahmed, an 18-year-old, has been arrested by the police. According to the police spokesman, “On the 11/11/2020 about 2145hrs a distress call received from Good Samaritan reveal that, one Hamza Usman ‘m’ aged 23yrs of Anguwar Mahaukata Bauchi went to his girlfriend house by name Ramlat Shehu (not real name) ‘f’ aged 15yrs of same address. “He was attacked and stabbed on his chest by one Kabiru Ahmed ‘m’ aged 18 years of Karofi. As a result of the bleeding he was rushed to the Hospital for a medical examination, and the doctor certified him dead. “On receipt of the information, a team of policemen were drafted to the scene, the principal suspect, Kabiru Ahmed, was arrested.” DSP Wakil informed that the arrested suspect confessed to the crime and told police upon interrogation that he was with others who were now at large. “Moreover, during investigation the suspect confessed to the crime and mentioned two other accomplices, Abdul, AKA Walplay and Waleed, AKA Bandi, now at large,” the police spokesman stated. He, however, added that, “effort is on top gear to arrest the remaining fleeing suspects.” The state Commissioner of Police, CP Lawan Tanko Jimeta, the PPRO stated that the case to be transferred to SCID for discreet investigation. In another development, the PPRO informed that a 55-year-old man, one Shu’ibu Abdullahi, has been arrested by the police for sodomising an eight-year-old boy and asking the victim to lick his (culprit’s) sperm after the act. According to DSP Wakil, the mother of the victim, Fatima Garba reported the incident, which she said happened months back, to the police at the Area Command last Monday. “On 09/11/2020 at about 0940hrs one Fatima Garba ‘f’ aged 40yrs of Unguwan Shekal came to Area Command and report one Shu’ibu Abdullahi ‘m’ aged 55yrs of Anguwan Dawaki Bauchi. “That some months back, he lured her son, one Sani Umar (not real name) ‘m’ aged 8yrs of Shekal Bauchi, Bauchi L.G.A and forcefully had unlawful sexual intercourse with him through his anus at multipurpose hall located opposite Wunti market and after that, he give his sperm to victim to lick. He has been molesting the victim on several occasions. “On receipt of the complaint, a team of policemen were drafted to the scene, both the victim and suspect were taken to Hospital for medical examination. “During interrogation, the suspect confessed to have committed the crime. Investigation is in progress, after which the suspect will be charged to court for prosecution,” the police spokesman stated. Meanwhile, DSP Wakil has assured law abiding citizens in the state of the police’s renewed and unwavering commitment to their safety and security, especially as the Yuletide period is approaching. He, therefore, called for the collaboration and support of the citizens, saying that, “the command will not hesitate to mobilize all resources within to confront and neutralize criminal acts and tendencies.”