Arsenal defeated Manchester United 0-1 at Old Trafford as battle ensued at the weekend. Both sides came into the match in top forms having beaten RB Leipzig 5-0 at home (for Manchester United) and Dundalk 3-0 at the Emirates (for Arsenal). And so the expectations were high prior to the game. But, it was Mikel Arteta’s men that made the most of their form having rested some of their key players in the midweek fixtures. The Gunners got the win in the 69th minutes as United failed to score at home for the second consecutive week. Here, DAILY POST evaluates three significant points from Manchester United’s 0-1 loss to Arsenal. Wake-up call for Manchester United The Red Devil may be flourishing in the UEFA Champions League following wins against PSG and RB Leipzig. But their domestic run is nothing to write home about having managed to beat Brighton & Hove Albion 2-3 away from home on the opening day of the Premier League. It was a controversial penalty from Bruno Fernandes that saved the day for the Red Devils on that occasion. They’ve lost 0-1 to Arsenal while Tottenham Hotspur defeated them 6-1 at Old Trafford before the International break. They drew 0-0 at home to Chelsea, but there were signs of good things to come with flashes of brilliance coming from Marcus Rashford and Bruno Fernandes. But the defeat on Sunday should be a wake-up call for the Red Devils as other sides like Chelsea, Everton and League leaders (English Champion) Liverpool are already picking up a vital point in the campaign. Arsenal return to winning ways The Gunners proved their technical capacity as well as their ability to win the big games as they shocked Manchester United with a narrow 0-1 away win. Mikel Arteta would be delighted with the positive outing his side had against United. They went one step better than Chelsea to claim the three points at Old Trafford while Frank Lampard’s side managed a 0-0 draw against Solskjaer’s men. Losing 3-1 to Liverpool was not good for Arsenal and things were going out of hand following their defeats against Manchester City and Leicester City. But their 0-1 win could have brought calmness and fortune back to Arsenal’s campaign as they look forward to the next game full of confidence with the win against Paul Pogba’s Manchester United. Aubameyang makes record The Arsenal skipper was magnificent yet again in the final third as he scored the decisive goal in the game. After failing to score a goal in the last 6 outings for Arsenal, he was on hand to bury the 69th minute’s penalty. This sealed the win for the Gunners as he sent goalkeeper David De Gea the wrong way in goal. Scoring from 12 yards, makes the French-born Gabonese striker the first Arsenal player to score a penalty at Old Trafford against Manchester United as it proved decisive to seal United’s fate with defeat at home. Aubameyang once again proved his importance to Arsenals’ aspiration as he once again inspired the win for his side on the big Sunday showdown.