A group known as the Kungiyar Matasan Kano Advocacy Organisation, KMK, has called for the prosecution of two police officers involved in the alleged killing of two youths in Kano State. Some police officers attached to the anti–Daba unit were alleged to have killed one Abubakar Isah and Ibrahim Suleiman of Sharada Quarters in Kano Municipal Local Government Area. However, the group accused the police officers of brutally murdering the deceased in a gangster style. The group said its investigations revealed that the officers used a jack knife to kill these defenseless innocent young people. KMK, in a petition to the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, also demanded that the families of the deceased be adequately compensated. The petition was signed by Shuaibu Sani Abubakar, Secretary of KMK, NAFIU YC, Kani Municipal Chapter coordinator, Sani Sule Kano. According to the group, “On November 14, 2020, we recorded the gruesome murder of two youths at Sharada area of Kano Municipal Local Government. “They were alleged to have been killed in cold blood by trigger-happy policemen belonging to the notorious anti-Daba unit which is known to have possessed the temerity to implement the law the way they deem fit. “In the past, various episodes of reckless applications of this unit of police brutality were recorded and most of the cases were slipped and buried under the carpet, after all, the powerless can never fight the ferocity of the most powerful, hence, issues of human rights breaches and brutal rape of the ethical procedures by this unit of police are always ignored and on many occasions their indiscretion swept under the carpet. “Two of our young promising lives of Abubakar Isah (Banupe) and Ibrahim Suleiman (Mainasara) were dragged out by one police officer named Ado and his colleagues who sucked out the lives of these innocent youths. “’The form of killing used by these police officers we believe is against the known norms and ethics of the police because the other victim was brutally murdered in a gangster style using a jack knife.” The group, however, commended the state Commissioner of Police for his efforts in averting the crisis. “We must commend the Kano State Commissioner of Police for his timely efforts in subjugating the aftermath of this incident in which the youths have intended to protest against this gruesome killing of innocent people by the police and our timely intervention have equally calmed the nerves of the people and put them in line to our philosophy of ensuring sustainable peace,” the statement added.