Chelsea would be taking the trip to St. James Park as the clash with Newcastle United beckons in this weekend fixture. The Blues have somehow found their rhythm in the Premier League having won four matches in a bounce. Lampard and his side would be confident going into the match but any form of complacency could be costly as Newcastle need the points themselves as well. The Blues lost 1-0 last season at the same venue despite the efforts of Willian (Borges), Tammy Abraham and Ross Barkley who sought to make the difference. But this time, things could be different as a couple of Chelsea players impressed during the International break. With the match an early kick-off, DAILY POST evaluates the three exemplary players that can serve as a catalyst in this game against Newcastle United. Mason Mount (Attacking Midfielder) The England International was on point during the break as he scored his sides’ second goal against Iceland. Declan Rice had given the Three Lions the lead in the 20th minute but Mason Mount scored from the tightest of spaces to underline his credentials. He would be a big player for Chelsea this season more especially as the trickery Christian Pulisic is out injured at the moment. He carries some of his side’s goal-scoring threat for Frank Lampard’s Chelsea side as the host (Newcastle United) must be out for him in this game. His versatility in various positions makes him a key asset to Lampard’s game plan ahead of the trip to St. James Park to face the Magpies. Hakim Ziyech (Winger) The Moroccan star has been in fine form for club and country scoring in the game against Sheffield United prior to the International break. For Morocco, he was largely brilliant for them in midweek as he scored the side’s first goal in the 0-2 away win over Central African Republic (CAR). And with quality personnel around him at Chelsea amid his impressive form, expect him to cause Newcastle all sorts of problems in the final third. Timo Werner (Striker) The Germany international has proved his mettle for Chelsea already in the current campaign. He’s one of the most in-form players in the Premier League at the moment. He’s proved to be a great buy for Chelsea having contributed to over 10 goals already this season. He scored a brace in Germany’s 3-1 win over Ukraine and he would be mandated to carry that firepower into Chelsea’s fixture against the Magpies. He rounded off the scoring in the 4-1 thumping of Sheffield United at Stamford Bridge while coming from the bench. If he starts like we expect he could be devastating to the defence of the Newcastle United sides as Chelsea take the trip ahead of the game. And with the possibility of featuring alongside England’s Tammy Abraham and the inform Hakim Ziyech expect him to flourish as the match looms at the weekend.