The Euro Nations League continues today as a lot of teams continue action across various venues in Europe. England lost their match, while Denmark won after being inspired by playmaker Christian Eriksen. Italy and Germany would be proud of their results after recording wins in their respective matches. With the interesting matches played lasting night, DAILY POST reveals the round-up of some of the results that took place in Europe at various match venues. UEFA Nations League-League A Group 1 Netherland 3-1 Bosnia & Herzegovina Holland showed their authority as they defeated Miralem Pjanic’s Bosnia 3-1 at home. Liverpool’s Georginio Wijnaldum scored a brace from close range before Barcelona-linked Memphis Depay made it 3-0 in the 55th minute. Bosnia grabbed a consolation in the 63rd minute owing to Smail Prevljak’s solitary goal. Italy 2-0 Poland Chelsea’s midfielder Jorginho scored Italy’s first goal in the 27th minute. He converted from the spot to give the Italians the 1-0 lead before Domenico Berardi’s smart finish made it 2-0 for Italy. Poland’s Jacek Goralski was sent off for a second bookable offence in the 72nd minute after he picked a yellow 15 minutes earlier. UEFA Nations League- LEAGUE A Group 2 Belgium 2-0 England Belgium defeated England 2-0 thanks to first-half goals from Youri Tielamans and Dries Mertens. The Belgians scored in the 10th and 24th minute to seal the win. The trio of Alex Witsel, Toby Alderweireld and Thomas Muenier were booked respectively in the 44th, 51st and 54th minute. Denmark 2-1 Iceland Christian Eriksen inspired his side to a vital 2-1 win against Iceland. Eriksen opened the scoring from 12 yards (Penalty) in the 12th minutes before Vizdar Oern Kjartansson equalized late in the 85th minute for Iceland. But another Eriksen’s shot from the spot sealed the win for Denmark to make it 2-1 in the 90th minute. UEFA Nations League – LEAGUE B – Group 1 Austria 2-1 Northern Ireland Northern Ireland took the lead in the 75th minute through Josh Magennis. But Austria put up a late show with goals from Louis Schaub and Adrian Grbic coming in the 81st and 87th minutes of the game as Austria triumphed 2-1 at home. Other group game between Romania and Norway was cancelled. UEFA Nations League – League B Group 2 Czech Republic 1-0 Israel Vladimir Darida’s early goal in the 7th minute was enough to seal the 1-0 win for the Czech side while Zdenek Ondrasek was booked in the 34th minute for Czech. Israel’s Hatem Abd Elhamed was sent off in the 81st minute of the match. UEFA Nations League – League B Group 3 Turkey 3-2 Russia Denis Cheryshev gave Russia a 0-1 away lead in the match. But Turkey’s duo of Kenan Karaman equalized in the 26th minute with Cengiz Under adding the second in the 32nd minute. Everton’s Cenk Tosun made it 3-1 from the Penalty Spot in the 52nd minute. But Russia’s Daler Kujater reduced the deficit for his side 5 minutes later. Hungary 1-1 Serbia Serbia’s Nemanja Radonjic opened the scoring in the 17th minute thanks to an assist from Real Madrid’s striker Luka Jovic. But Hungary got back on level terms in the 39th minute through a goal scored by Zsolt Kalmar. It finished 1-1 apiece. Other UEFA EURO NATIONS League results include Bulgaria 1-2 Finland Wales 1-0 Ireland Georgia 1-2 Armenia Moldova 0-2 Greece Slovenia 2-1 Kosovo Albania 3-1 Kazakhstan Belarus 2-0 Lithuania