The Host Communities of Nigeria Producing Oil And Gas (HOSTCOM), has cried out over what it described as the collapse of the relative
peace in the Niger Delta region. The group expressed concern about the resurgence of violence within the states of the region resulting in the vandalism of truck pipelines carrying crude oil from Southern ljaw to Brass and other vandalism of NAOC & SPDC Pipelines at Ekarama, which is the boundary between Rivers State and Yenagoa in Bayelsa State. HOSTCOM expressed its concerning while warning that further violence and bloodletting may break out in the region due to the activities of some group of individuals. The group said this in a press conference attended by DAILY POST in Abuja on Friday where it also revealed the real cause of the resurgence in the oil-rich region. The National Chairman of HOSTCOM, High Chief Benjamin Tamanarebi, who addressed newsmen, said that a few unpatriotic individuals have gone to the pages of the newspapers to call for a fictitious AGM meeting, after which a conference will be held in the name of the Board of Trustees and Executive Committees of Host Communities. He called on the general public to disregard such individuals, insisting that HostCom is one indivisible body, an umbrella body representing all Hosts and 50km radius of any Project site with registration No. 23281. “For the avoidance of doubt, There is no known organization by the name HoSTCON, therefore, why are impersonators using the name of our duly recognized association for illegality and by extension, causing insecurity concerns and to threaten the FG in disguise?” he wondered. “It is disheartening and jaw breaking that those expected to maintain sanity and decorum as elder statesmen are the ones fueling the ember of disintegration and unity all in the name of Gas flare penalty fund through conspiracy, impersonation, and to cause disunity among members of the Host Communities of Nigeria and by extension the entire country of Nigeria. He said the general public should be informed that: “There is no leadership rift in our organization, HostCom is constitutionally registered with CAC and has a structured National leadership tenure for its executives. “The initial leadership tussle rift in the organization was laid to rest by the judgment of the Oba of Benin, which was followed by court judgment that confirmed the leadership and legal Board of Trustees with patent rights of HIgh Chief (Dr) Benjamin Style Tamanarebi (JP). “HostCom) is a noble and famous grass root institution devoid of criminal tendencies. We will resist any form of intimidation by few individuals and cannot be allowed to be used by any group or groups of persons to use Hostcom in disguise to perpetuate criminality and militancy “HostCom will join forces with the Federal Government for Host Communities’ sustainable development, to curb bunkering, crude oil theft, pipeline vandalism, kidnapping and anti-social vises. “Michael Emuh, King Diete Spiff, Chief Wellington Okirika, Chief Jasper Jumbo and others are not registered members of the board of Trustees of HostCom with registration No. 23281; therefore, lack the jurisdiction, and the capacity to speak for, HoST COMMUNITIES, or trade in the name of Host Communities. “They are impersonating and their threat to the Federal Government to cause breach of peace in the Niger Delta is unacceptable. Michael Emuh was PRO of Late Chief Alfred Bubor’s executive committee and was removed and a disclaimer placed on him due to criminal activities of scamming people in disguise of cooperative loans, modular refinery, pipeline surveillance jobs. “Michael Emuh and King Diete Spiff have been fraudulently misrepresenting Host Communities’ National executives. “We notify the general public, the federal authorities and all relevant agencies to intensify efforts to ensure that the looming danger posed by this publication and conference is curbed in the bud to avoid a breakdown of law and order as well as bloodbath.” “We believe the Federal Government recognizes the need for peace, socio-economic and infrastructural development, alternative livelihood solutions, diversification of the economy of the region and the urgent need for a coherent Niger Delta Developmental Action Plan. “More so, we ensure that Host Communities of Nigeria Producing Oil and Gas (HostCom) are engaged in the decision-making process of the regulatory Boards and authorities of the Oil and Gas industries and investment.” The group warned that no Nger Delta patriotic citizen in any pressure group or those in elective positions should play politics with the socio-economic and infrastructural development, alternative livelihood to disenfranchise the Host Communities of Nigeria Producing Oil and Gas as a result of the gas flare penalty funds. “It is repugnant and against natural justice that a faceless group would ridicule highly respected, noble and credible monarchs and elder statesmen such as the Oba of Benin who is the live Patron, His Eminence, King Dr Emund M Daukoru, FICcON, MEINGI XIl Amayanabo of NEMBE as Board Chairman, Chief EK Clark as Grand Patron, HRM King Owong BASSEY Achianga TROMPCON CHAIRMAN/BOARD of Trustees Hostcom to mention but a few,” the HOSTCOM chief added. Tamanarebi noted that a recent publication by the conveners of the faceless group is fraudulent, impersonating and ridiculous, provoking the anger of the nobles, elders and statesmen as it does not represent the Executive members and Board of Trustees of HostCom.”