Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Joe Enwonwu, on Monday, appealed to police officers in the state not to abandon their duty posts. DAILY POST gathered that police officers who were usually seen in some strategic locations, directing traffic and others who are maintaining law and order have disappeared since the End SARS protests. But, Enwonwu while speaking at the police Headquarters in Eleyele during a visit by Governor Seyi Makinde, urged the police officers not to abandon their duty posts for those people who are not trained to do so. Enwonwu, who described the month of October as a sorrowful month, however, said that life must continue. He appealed to the police officers to put their challenges behind and continue a new life. “As a matter of fact, October has come and gone. It was a bad month. It was a black month. ‘It was a very sorrowful month, not just for Oyo State, but for the entire federation. “Granted that we have suffered a lot of losses in terms of buildings, burning of police stations, loss of men, vehicles and personal belongings, that is a price one has to pay by way of what we call professional hazards. “But that does not mean life will not continue. We have to put all that behind us and forge ahead and be sure that today, being the first working day in the month of November, that we will do our best to be sure that Oyo State will continue to be a state with one of the lowest records of crime.” Enwonwu, while speaking further, urged Police officers to go back to their duty posts and give their best to the communities. “I further want to urge each and every one of our officers here that when you leave here, you should go back in full confidence that you will give your best to the communities and your areas of responsibility. “You should not be intimidated and you cannot abdicate your responsibility, which is that Police, as a lead security agency, cannot abandon your duty post and expect those who are not trained to do that job to come and do it for you.”