The people of Nkpologu in Uzo-Uwani Local Government Area of Enugu State, on Tuesday, paid a Thank-you visit to Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, at the Government House, Enugu, for his special love and attention to the community especially in the areas of security, infrastructural development and appointments. The jubilant people of Nkpologu, who were led by their son and the Senator representing Enugu North Senatorial District, Senator Chukwuka Utazi, expressed their joy and deep appreciation to Gov. Ugwuanyi for bringing uncommon infrastructural and human capital development to their community after decades of neglect by past administrations. On security, they said that the purchase and donation of patrol vehicles with communication gadgets to the security agencies by Gov. Ugwuanyi’s administration and the prompt drafting of the Army and Police to Nkpologu to complement the efforts of their Neighbourhood Watch group and Forest Guards, among others, have reduced crimes and insecurity in their community in particular and Uzo-Uwani in general. “Notwithstanding the security measures in place, you also ordered the clearing of over 300 meters on both sides of Nkpologu-Adani road in order to expose and eliminate any possible hide-out for kidnappers and criminals along the highway”, they added. On infrastructure, the people of Nkpologu, who were accompanied by the Chairman of Uzo-Uwani LGA, Hon. Chukwudi Nnadozie, disclosed that they are happy to have benefited from the ‘One community, one project’ programme of the Gov. Ugwuanyi administration for developing the rural areas. They also expressed gratitude to the governor for reconstructing and furnishing modern classroom blocks in four primary schools. The Nkpologu people equally thanked Gov. Ugwuanyi for the reconstructed, furnished and equipped health centres at Ejona, Ogba and Nkpunator Nkpologu as well as the ongoing construction of Type-3 Primary Healthcare Centre with separate residences for doctors and nurses, water borehole and a standby generator. Expressing their exceeding happiness and gratitude to the governor for the ongoing construction work on Nkpologu-Uvuru-Ukpata-Umulokpa road, the people of the Community noted that “this is the first time since the creation of Uzo-Uwani Local Government Area that this type of solid road construction to our Local Government Headquarters is being executed”. “Nkpologu people shall forever remain indebted to you for all you have been doing for us”, they said, adding that “what we can humbly offer in return for your love and kindness is our 100 percent loyalty and total support, in addition to our fervent prayers to Almighty God to continue His blessings and protection on you throughout your life”. Responding to the request made on behalf of the people of Nkpologu by their traditional ruler, Igwe Simeon Idu, for the recognition of Chief Jude Okeke as the Igwe-elect of Nkpunator Nkpologu, to fill the vacuum created after the death of its traditional ruler in 2015, Gov. Ugwuanyi, after Chief Okeke was formally presented to him by the Commissioner for Chieftaincy Affairs, Dr. Charles Egumgbe as the duly elected Igwe, recognized him as the traditional ruler of Nkpunator Nkpologu Autonomous Community, amid jubilation. The governor, who approved fund for the commencement of electrification project in 14 villages in Nkpologu, reiterated his administration’s commitment to peace and good governance in spite of the nation’s economic, security and public health challenges. He therefore reassured the people of the community that more of their needs will be addressed.