Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Gunmen opened fire on a bullion van in Ajah area of Lagos State on Thursday. The incident occurred at Addo road, close to popular supermarket, Blenco. 2. The Anambra State Judicial Panel of Inquiry on Police Brutality, Extra-Judicial Killings and other Related Matters has said that it would invite ex-governor, Peter Obi or anyone indicted by petitioners to appear before the panel and also give testimonies. The chairman of the panel, Justice Veronica Umeh was reacting to a petitioner, Chief Bonaventure Mokwe who had linked the former governor, Mr Peter Obi to the operations of SARS in the State. 3. Former President of Ghana, Jerry Rawlings is dead. He passed away on Thursday at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital in Accra. 4. The Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki has been sworn-in for a second term in office. Obaseki was sworn-in at the Samuel Ogbemudia Stadium in Benin, the state capital, on Thursday. 5. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has recorded 212 new COVID-19 infections. The NCDC disclosed this on its verified website, adding that the 212 new cases bring the total number of infected people in Nigeria to 64,728. 6. The Presidency has reacted to reports that repentant Boko Haram members will be paid N150,000 monthly. Bashir Ahmad, media aide to President Muhammadu Buhari described the report as false, urging Nigerians to disregard the report. 7. No fewer than five persons have been killed in the last two days as a result of a suspected cult-related clash between members of Eiye and Aye confraternities. It was gathered that some of the active participants were among those who recently escaped from the Benin and Oko prisons as they continued their war of supremacy. 8. Men of the Nigerian Army have reportedly arrested and detained a cobbler identified as Samson Ononiwu, who tried to save two soldiers that ran into his apartment after being chased by hoodlums identified by security agencies as members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) in Oyigbo Local Government Area, Rivers State. Samson was said to have sustained a deep cut on his head while attempting to protect the soldiers from hoodlums. 9. The Federal Government on Thursday began the disbursement of N20,000 grant to rural women in Bauchi State for them to start small businesses with a view to alleviating their sufferings. While flagging off the disbursement in Azare, the headquarters of Katagum Local Government Area of the state, the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Farouq, informed that over 150,000 beneficiaries across the 36 states of the federation, including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) would benefit from the programme. 10. The Benue State Commissioner for Health and Human Services, Dr Emmanuel Ikwulono is dead. Dr Ikwulono died on Wednesday afternoon after spending three months as Commissioner.