The Federal Roads Safety Corps, (FRSC), in Ekiti State, has warned motorists in the state against flouting driving regulations during the coming yuletide season to save innocent lives. The corps explained that the warning was in the overall interest of those concerned and had become necessary so as to reduce or totally put a stop to avoidable carnage during the ember months and the coming festive season. Sector Commander in the state,
Corps Commander Elizabeth Funmilayo Akinlade, said while flagging off the year 2020 Ember Months Campaign of the commission in Ado Ekiti that all forms of deliberate recklessness would not be tolerated. According to her, motorists and okada riders alike must guide against road traffic offences such as drunkenness, overloading, dangerous overtaking, kid driving, use of worn out tyres, and refusal to obey traffic lights or signs, as the commission would not take kindly with anyone caught. “This is in line with the corporate strategy of FRSC to minimise the risk of deaths in road traffic: reduce RTC by 15% and fatality by 20%”, she said. She added that it was also in line with the Road Safety Headquarters’, (RSHQ, operational order for 2020 Ember Months Campaign with the theme: ” Drive Safe, Stay Safe”. The Sector Commander said the campaign was targeted at inducing the best global road use practises into the the people of the State. She said it was also to reawaken the consciousness of all road users on the need to drive safe and stay safe, ” as we approach the yuletide season and the new year.” DAILY POST reports that high points of the flag off include acting of a playlet both in English language and local dialects so as to get the message across to the target audience. The event also was witnessed the distribution of flyers and goodwill messages from the representatives of various bodies present. The Deputy Speaker of House of Assembly, Hakeem Jamiu, who stood in for the state governor, commended the corps for its efforts at reducing road crashes in the state, with a promise to continue to support its operations. The Zonal Commanding Officer, ZCO RS8HQ, Ilorin, ACM Victor Nwokolo, in his goodwill address, also called on all road users to support the safety crusade of the Corps to make road safe in Ekiti State. Chairmen and members of road transport workers including the RTEAN, NURTW, Tricycle Association as well as Okada Riders Association among others present at the event, assured that they would comply with the rules and also make use of what they learnt at the program.