The Federal Road Safety Corps, Akwa Ibom State Command said it has recorded about 72 road traffic crashes within this year, 2020 and about 16 persons have died while 93 other sustained injuries. The sector commander, Mr Oga Ochi disclosed this on Monday during the flag-off ceremony of the “2020 Commemoration of African Road Safety Day/World Day of Remembrance of Road Traffic Victims” held in Uyo, the State capital. Ochi who admitted that the number of road crashes in the state is now minimal said the command is working towards having zero road traffic crashes. According to him, “For us in Akwa Ibom State, we have a line up of activities to mark this remembrance week. Before I outline the activities line up, I want to draw our attention to the fact that in 2020, we have a record of 72 road traffic crashes across the state. “And of this 72, we have 93 persons injured and we had 16 persons dead during these crashes across the state. A total of 226 persons were involved in the crashes across the state “Now, if you look at this figure, you will believe that Akwa Ibom State has a very low rate in road traffic crashes in the number of persons. But that’s not for us to go back and rejoice knowing fully well that we can have zero records of road crashes in the state. “That’s what the FRSC in Akwa Ibom State have been working towards to ensure that throughout the week, month and years we have no crash at all and when it happens we have no fatality and injuries.” He added that the command during the festive period would commence free vehicles check to identify some defects in vehicles for owners. He also appealed to vehicle owners not to be afraid when they see road Marshals flag them down, stressing that it was not to book them for fine but to identify defects in their vehicles for correction. “I do implore all of us as road users to imbibe discipline and work in concert with the FRSC to fulfil its mandate of keeping death off our road by being cautious when using the road. “By putting in remembrances, that our loved ones are patiently and eagerly waiting to receive us safely back home after every trip.