A Superintendent of the Nigeria Police Force, NPF, on Saturday, accused the Nigerian government of neglecting officers whose properties were destroyed during the End SARS protest. The senior officer attached to one of the burnt police station in Area F under the Lagos State Police Command, disclosed this in a chat with DAILY POST. Wishing to remain anonymous, the officer whose personal effects were burnt alongside the station he was attached to, lamented that government has done nothing weeks after they suffered losses. He lamented that it would be difficult to boost the morale of Police officers to return to duty with low morale. According to the Superintendent: “It’s as if the End SARS protest was targeted at bringing out the maladies surrounding the Nigeria Police Force. It’s through the campaign that the whole world got to know that the police is one of the most neglected organisations. “Police budget is very poor in terms of what is approved and released. “Though, the protest was later hijacked by thugs and miscreants in which most of the people the campaign was supposed to favour became victims. “Policemen were killed, maimed, injured with our properties looted and burnt, this led to their low morale. “They have been brazing up, trying to bounce back but what has the government done to our burnt properties, now Nigerians are asking us to come back. “They are saying police should resume but many stations were destroyed and now they are asking us to rent canopies, tents and start skeletal services. “They complain that the morale of policemen are low yet nothing has been done to replace their properties destroyed. “Urban areas like Lagos and Benin where rent is very high, most police officers use their vehicles as a bedroom and most often go home during the weekend or fortnightly. Now that their vehicles have been destroyed how would they cope? They keep saying go back to your duty post but how will these officers survive? “They made some promises but nothing has been done to alleviate the pains of officers.”