A Customary Court sitting at Mapo in Ibadan, on Friday dissolved an eight-year-old marriage between Julius Akintola and his wife, Ejide. They were separated on grounds of adultery and lack of love, NAN reports. Julius, a Lotto agent, told the court that he was completely frustrated because Ejide shared what should belong only to him with other men outside. The resident of Oke-Labo area in Ibadan said he never knew that he took an adulteress as a wife when things were rosy for him. “I gave Ejide all she requested in excess. In fact, I dashed her N1 million when I won a lottery. However, Ejide became a harlot when my business went bad, sleeping about with men,’’ he regretted. Julius recalled that a “male concubine” usually picks his wife early in the morning and returns her late in the night. He added that Ejide sometimes describe her romantic time while discussing with the man on phone. “I used to see her taking woman-power that could enhance her sexual enjoyment. One day, I challenged her for dumping our two children and leaving home for three days. Ejide picked up a bottle and broke it on my head.” Julius disclosed that he caught the wife red-handed in a hotel with the same man and she swore that he would not return home alive for investigating her escapades. The complainant said he has been solely responsible for the care of the children including washing their dresses, cooking their food and taking them to school. Responding, Ejide claimed that the man Akintola mention was her colleague in office. The respondent stated that her husband was an irresponsible drunkard and womaniser. “Since Julius doesn’t cater for me and my office is quite far away from the house, I decided to be joining the man. Julius even went as far as buying ‘Magun’ to plant it on me so that the man would die if he slept with me.” Ejide narrated how the husband ordered her to leave the home after insisting her “bad luck” was the reason his betting business stopped flourishing. President of the Court, Ademola Odunade, explained that the dissolution was to forestall an impending calamity. “The marriage between Julius and Ejide has ceased to be in the interest of peaceful living and custody of the two children is granted to the respondent”, the arbitrator said. The plaintiff shall pay a monthly feeding allowance of N8,000 for the children’s upkeep. He will also be responsible for their education and other basic needs. Odunade advised would-be couples to be careful and choose right in their quest for marriage so as not to fall victims of dangerous spouses.