Troops of Operation Fire Ball under LAFIYA DOLE has neutralized 23 Boko Haram /ISWAP terrorists and captured an Improvised Explosive Device (IED) during an encounter. The Acting Director of Defence Media Operations, Brigadier-General Benard Onyeuko disclosed this to newsmen yesterday at the Army Special Super Camp 1 in Ngamdu, Borno State. General Benard said the gallant troops of operation Fire Ball in various sectors of the Theatre have continued to dominate the general areas of operation and carrying out their tasks with renewed vigor. “The gallant troops courageously intercepted some Boko Haram criminals while attempting to collect ransom from relations of their abducted victims leading to the decimation of the criminals and successful rescue of 2 women and 3 children unhurt. “The successes so far achieved were made possible with the commitment and gallantry exhibited by the well motivated troops. Within the period under review, troops have carried out aggressive clearance operations, ambushes, robust day and night patrols in order to finally decimate the remnants of the Boko Haram/Islamic State West Africa Province criminals,” he said. General Bernard reveals that, following the various encounter, troops have recovered 4 Gun Trucks, one Fabricated Vehicle blinde leger, 2 Anti Aircraft Guns, General Purpose Machine Gun, 2 PKT Guns, 8 AK 47 Rifles, 2 AK 47 Rifle Magazines, one AK 47 Rifle Cover and one Dane Gun as well as large cache of ammunition. Others include, 18 rounds of 7.62×<51mm, 4 rounds of Brownie Machine Gun ammunition, one Rocket Propelled Grenade Tube, one 36 Hand Grenade, 23 belted rounds of 7.62×54, 311 rounds of 7.62mm NATO ammunition (Linked), 511 rounds of PKT ammunition, 8 rounds of Light Machine Gun ammunition, one Service Tools Box, one gas cylinder (for making IED), 8 bicycles, several bags of grains and assorted packets of drugs from the criminals. “Unfortunately, 6 gallant soldiers were wounded in action. The wounded soldiers have since been evacuated to a military facility and are currently responding positively to treatment, ” he said.