Nigerian players abroad were in action for their respective clubs across Europe last the weekend. Here, DAILY POST gives a recap of how these Nigerian players fared across Europe during the weekend. England – Premier League Everton’s Alex Iwobi was in action, coming on for Jonjoe Kenny in the 77th minute as Everton lost 2-1 at St. James Park. Dominic Calvert-Lewin scored a consolation goal for the Toffees in the 90th minute of the game. Elsewhere, Arsenal’s Bukayo Saka was on the pitch for his London side that defeated Manchester United 0-1 at Old Trafford. He lasted for the entire 90 minutes. Spain-La Liga Santander Granada’s Ramon Azeez was not listed as his side drew 1-1 at home to Levante. Italy – Serie A Napoli’s Victor Osimhen lost 0-2 at home to modest side Sassuolo. Osimhen was in action for the entire duration of the game. France – Ligue 1 Monaco defeated Bordeaux 4-0 with striker Henry Onyekuru on the bench for the entire duration for AS Monaco. The same could be said about Joshua Maja who was an unused substitute for Bordeaux in their loss to AS Monaco. Samuel Kalu was not listed for Bordeaux. Netherland – Eredivisie Nigeria goalkeeper Maduka Okoye conceded 4 goals as his Sparta Rotterdam side lost 1-4 to SC Heerenveen at home. Also young Sparta Rotterdam forward Emanuel Emegha came on to replace injured Danzell Gravenberch in the 30th minutes of the match. Belgium-Jupiler League Anderlecht defeated Royal Antwerp 1-0 thanks to a solitary strike from promising Nigerian forward Paul Mukairu. He scored in the 76th minutes of the game. He came on to replace Mustapha Bundu in the 63rd minute. Turkey-Super Liga Former Dolphin star Samuel Emem Eduok came in the second half to replace Alper Uludag in the 46th minutes of the game. His Konyaspor side lost 1-2 to Turkish giant Istanbul Basaksehir. Scotland – Premiership Nigeria’s Joe Aribo lasted for 66th minutes for his Rangers side as they defeated Kilmarnock 0-1 at the weekend. Aribo was replaced by Steven Davis. Leon Balogun made a late cameo appearance thus replacing striker Alfred Morelos in the 86th minute. Other Nigerian youngster Calvin Bassey Ughelumba (Rangers left-back) was on the bench for 90 minutes. Russia – Premier League Brian Idowu’s Khimki lost 0-2 at home to Zenit. St. Petersburg. The Nigerian defender was booked in the 82nd minutes while he was on the pitch for the entire 90 minutes. Elsewhere, Chidera Ejuke’s CSKA Moscow claimed a 0-1 away win at FC Rotor Volgograd. Ejuke came on in the 62nd minute to replace Fedor Chabov. Norway – Eliteserien Molde defeated Mjoendalen 1-3 away from home. Molde’s Ohi Anthony Omoijuanfo and Leke James were in action for their Norway side. Leke James lasted the entire 90 minutes scoring the penalty for Molde’s second goal of the day. But, Ohi Anthony lasted for 67 minutes and was replaced by Magnus Wolff Eikrem. Anthony and Leke James were booked in the 60th and 67th minutes respectively in the match.