The Federal Government on Monday petitioned the Cable News Network (CNN), demanding “an immediate and exhaustive investigation into its report on the Lekki Toll Gate incident to determine its authenticity and conformity to basic standards of journalism. In the petition addressed to Mr Jonathan Hawkins VP, Communications, CNN Centre Atlanta, Georgia U.S, the government said if the international media organization failed to carry out its demand, it will “take any action within its laws’’ to prevent CNN from aggravating the End SARS crisis. The petition dated Nov. 23 and personally signed by the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed was made available to the News Agency of Nigeria in Abuja. The CNN in the “investigative’’ report had alleged that it ”uncovered that Nigerian security forces opened fire on unarmed protesters” at the Lekki Toll Gate in Lagos, during the End SARS protesters. The report entitled ‘How a Bloody Night of Bullets Quashed a Young Protest Movement’ was aired on Nov. 18 by the international news organization. “We write to put on record that the report did not just fall short of journalistic standards; it reinforces the disinformation that is going around on the issue. “It is blatantly irresponsible, and it is a poor piece of journalistic work by a reputable international news organization. “In the first instance, the report did not live up to the most basic of the core principles of journalism – balance and fairness,’’ the Minister wrote in the petition. Mohammed said the CNN failed to exhibit the journalism ethic of balance and fairness in the report but slanted the story to favour the reporter’s desired conclusion. “Rushing to air such a momentous story without presenting the government’s side is inexcusable and indefensible. “CNN said it contacted over 100 protesters and family members, but did not speak to one official of Nigeria’s federal government. “While CNN said there was no response from the army and that officials of Lagos State would not speak in view of the Judicial Panel that is investigating the matter, it did not say what effort it made to speak with any official of the federal government. “The truth is that CNN did not even attempt to reach the federal government. “Nima Elbagir, who presented the report and most probably led the investigation, is conversant with the Minister of Information and Culture, who is also the Spokesman for the Federal Government of Nigeria, yet did not say that she even tried to reach the Minister. “It is therefore strange, to say the least, that she would rush to air such an important ‘investigation’ report without getting the government’s side,’’ he said. The Minister said the CNN was not present at the Lekki Toll Gate on the night of the incident but relied heavily on unverified footages it harvested from social media. “Unlike CNN, a reporter from the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) Pidgin Service, Damilola Banjo, was at the Lekki Toll Gate on the night in question. “She was quoted as saying soldiers shot sporadically into the air and not at the protesters – a direct contradiction of the position taken by CNN who relied on second and third-hand information,’’ he said.