Manchester City will be looking to celebrate manager Pep Guardiola’s new two-year contract with an impressive result on Saturday. They take on the high-flying Tottenham Hotspurs side who are aiming to better their position in the League with a win. The visitors (City) have just won three of their seven league games this season. But they could still move to within three points of League leaders Leicester City with a game in hand if they beat Tottenham on the road. However, Jose Mourinho’s side are one of the divisions inform teams heading into the big showdown between arguably the two highest profile managers in world football. Here, DAILY POST evaluates how Manchester City could line-up for the contest against Tottenham Hotspur. Absent; Nathan Ake (hamstring). Possible; Sergio Aguero (hamstring), Raheem Sterling (calf), Fernandinho (leg), Benjamin Mendy (muscle), Oleksandr Zinchenko (coronavirus) Manchester City could be missing some key players for the trip to North London, perhaps most notably Raheem Sterling after he copped a calf injury during training with England. The winger was sent home ahead of Wednesday’s win over Iceland and could yet recover in time to feature, but Guardiola is unlikely to take any risk with a muscle injury owing to the hectic schedule of matches ahead. Any absence for Sterling could pave the way for Phil Foden to return to the starting XI, and the youngster’s two goals scored for England in that win over Iceland would have done him good for a starting place. Sergio Aguero could be available after a hamstring injury as he looks to improve on a record of one goal in his last nine meetings against Tottenham-having scored 10 in his first seven. But he is unlikely to be featured in the starting line-up for City with Gabriel Jesus now back fit and scoring. The Brazilian has been directly involved in 11 goals in his last 11 games scoring in each of his last three outings for the Sky Blues side. Another goal this weekend would see him score four goals in 4 matches for the first time since April 2018. Ferran Torres is also in good form after scoring a hat-trick in Spain comfortable 6-0 defeat of Germany in a match which also got Rodri on the score sheet. It was a productive break for Manchester City players in front of goal with Ruben Dias even scoring twice for Portugal against Croatia. Ake is expected to miss the game due to a hamstring but may not be set for a prolonged spell on the treatment room, while Oleksandr Zinchenko’s situation remains hazy after the Ukraine squad was quarantined in Switzerland due to three positive tests within their squad. Fernandinho and Benjamin Mendy were both penciled in for return after the International break and he will be assessed prior to the high profile contest between both sides. Tottenham Hotspurs vs. Manchester City; how Manchester City could line-up against Spurs. Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Aymeric Laporte, Joao Cancelo; Rodri, Kevin De Bruyne, Ikay Gundogan; Ferran Torres, Phil Foden, Gabriel Jesus.