Governor of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, has extolled the contributions of Dr Onyema Ogbuagu, the Abia-born Associate Professor of Medicine at the Yale School of Medicine. The Governor in a tweet via his Twitter account on Sunday described Ogbuagu, “a twin son of Prof Chibuzo Ogbuagu a former Vice-Chancellor of Abia State University, Uturu (ABSU) and a former Secretary to Abia State Government (SSG)” as “one of the leading lights in the newly found globally celebrated Pfizer vaccine against COVID-19”. According to him, his Government will continue to celebrate such rare feats achieved by Abians everywhere to serve as a motivation for others to embrace dedication and thrive in whatever lawful field of endeavour they choose in life. “Dr Onyema Ogbuagu, the Abia-born Nigerian is one of the leading lights in the newly found globally celebrated Pfizer vaccine against COVID-19. “He’s one of many Abians who keep making us proud as a people, and reinforcing my Government’s belief in the inimitable ingenuity, capacity and competence of our people to sacrificially serve humanity, save her from all that which ravages her and produce goods and services that make life more comfortable and convenient to live. “I am therefore not surprised that this twin son of Prof Chibuzo Ogbuagu who himself was a former Vice-Chancellor of Abia State University, Uturu (ABSU) and a former Secretary to Abia State Government (SSG), was among those who led the team that discovered the now celebrated COVID-19 vaccine which will certainly save millions of lives especially now that a second wave of the disease is already ravaging parts of the world. “Dr Onyema Ogbuagu is the Yale principal investigator on multiple investigational therapeutic & preventative clinical trials for COVID-19 including remdesivir (now FDA approved), leronlimab & remdesivir & tocilizumab combination therapy as well as the Pfizer/BioNTech Vaccine trial. “As Abians, Ndigbo, and Nigerians in general, we celebrate this son of ours, an Associate Professor of Medicine, in the clinician-educator track and Director of the HIV Clinical Trials program of the Yale AIDS Program, Section of Infectious Diseases of the Yale School of Medicine. “On our part as a Government, we shall continue to not only celebrate such rare feats achieved by our people everywhere to serve as motivation for others to embrace dedication and thrive in whatever lawful field of endeavour they choose in life. “We shall also continue to create and improve upon the environment for learning and entrepreneurship to thrive in the State and donate to the world more men and women unfazed, unbowed & undaunted by whatever challenges and tasks are brought before them for solutions; Abians with the can-do and persevering spirit dedicated to the making of a better world for all,” he said.