Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Wife of Olugbenga Ale, Chief of Staff to Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu, who was kidnapped in Ondo has regained freedom. The Commander of the Amotekun Corps, Adetunji Adeleye told newsmen on Saturday that the victim was rescued by men of the Ondo State Security Network also known as Amotekun Corps in collaboration with local hunters and the vigilante in the area. 2. The Boko Haram on Saturday night beheaded about 43 rice farmers. The massacre occurred in Zabarmari, less than 20 km from Maiduguri, the capital of Borno State. 3. A Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has reacted to the murder of 43 farmers by Boko Haram terrorists. Atiku called for a rejig of Nigeria’s security architecture, which he emphasized was overdue. 4. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Monday announced 110 new COVID-19 cases in the country. With this, Nigeria now has 67,330 confirmed cases of COVID-19, and 62,819 persons have recovered. 5. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has claimed that the All Progressives Congress (APC) is plotting to disown President Muhammadu Buhari ahead of the 2023 elections. The National Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, on Saturday, claimed that the ruling party had begun campaigns for the 2023 general election one year into Buhari’s tenure. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has urged Nigerians to continue to pray for peace and stability. Speaking at the 70th anniversary of the Qaddriyya on Saturday in Kano, Buhari said prayers would foster unity and help crush security challenges. 7. Kogi State Commissioner for Information and Communication, Kingsley Fanwo, says there is a deafening call for Governor Yahaya Bello to run for President in the 2023 election. According to him, the Governor is a youth who wants a great Nigeria, respects gender equality and religious tolerance. 8. One person has been confirmed dead in a fuel tanker explosion at a mechanic workshop in Oyi Local Government Area of Anambra State. Spokesperson of the Anambra State Police Command, SP Haruna Mohammed, who confirmed the incident to newsmen, said the incident happened at about 2:30pm, on Saturday at the mechanic workshop located at the new road toll gate in Ogbunike. 9. Unknown gunmen have shot dead a cleric, Revd Johnson Oladimeji, along Igbara-Odo-Ikere-Ekiti road in Ikere local government area of Ekiti State. Oladimeji, a presiding cleric of Solution Baptist Church Ikere-Ekiti was said to have been killed along the road by gunmen suspected to be kidnappers around 5pm when he was returning to Ikere-Ekiti after an official assignment in Osun State. 10. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has devalued the Naira by N6 to Dollar. This brings the Naira closer to the exchange rate unification policy recommended by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank.