A South-East group, Zikist-Buharist Movement has hailed Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi over his defection to the All Progressives Congress, APC. Umahi finally dumped his former political platform, the Peoples Democratic Party, last Thursday. Reacting through a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday in Enugu, Rt. Hon. Stanley Ohajiruka, and Barrister Godwin Onwusi, the Chairman and the Secretary, respectively, of the Zikist-Buharist Movement, commended the governor “for reviving the Zikist North-East alliance, a political alliance which had in the 1st and 2nd Republics stabilised our dear country.” They declared that “For us, Governor Umahi, by placing the interest of the South-East region above his personal political interest, Daniel come to judgment. He has opened the floodgate for Northern-Eastern regions alliance. “We are impressed that Governor Umahi jettisoned his PDP’s comfort zone of the past two decades where he was Ebonyi State Chairman, Deputy Governor and now Governor, because of the collective interest of the South East. He frowned at the fact that PDP exploited our votes without a commensurate reward system. “For instance, PDP treated our elder statesman, the founder of the of the party, Dr Alex Ekwueme of blessed memory shabbily, abandoned federal roads in the South East, made false promises over the 2nd Niger bridge, and mischievously equating transient offices doled out to our people as important as infrastructural development to an industrious people.” They hailed Umahi “for flying the pragmatic Zikist Eagle Alliance which governed the 1st and 2nd Republics of Nigeria. It is a welcome development, especially when ZBM understands that he is leading the squad of his governor colleagues and other prominent Igbo leaders to reinforce the Zikist North-East alliance.” Asked whether Umahi’s move will guarantee the popular agitation for Nigeria’s president of Igbo extraction, ZBM quipped, “definitely, it will enhance and activate the ancient Zikist North-East alliance more than any other alchemy. For Governor Umahi is the pilot of gale of defections we are expecting from the region to APC hovering in the air. Don’t forget that the Zikist Eagle alliance started during the 2019 presidential election, where for the first time our great party, the APC made 25% threshold in 3 out of 5 states. “Politics is a game of numbers, today Ebonyi has left the leaking umbrella of the PDP to the golden Broom of the APC, tomorrow we are expecting Abia, Anambra, Enugu and others from the South-South, including the Big Fish from the Niger Delta.” Prodded on who is the Big Fish from the Niger Delta, the ZBM noted, “We of the ZBM will not jump the gun, for at the appropriate time our leader President Muhammadu Buhari will brief the country. “All we know is that he has promised to bequeath a sustainable democracy to Nigerians. “ZBM is appealing to Nigerian electorate to watch out for the renewal of the APC and strengthening of our fledgling democracy. We appreciate Governor Umahi and others who are adding to the missing tonic of the Northern cum Eastern regions alliance.”