Charley Boy’s daughter, Dewy Oputa has called her father out after he went online to reveal how he feels about her being gay. The Nigerian singer on Friday took to his Instagram page to narrate how he felt when his daughter revealed her sexuality. The singer said he felt so many emotions but added that he loves her so much and is “grateful for the experience of having a gay or lesbian child” However, Dewy, who didn’t seem to be pleased with her Father’s post, took to her Twitter account to blast her Father for being a hypocrite. She further accused him of using her sexuality to chase clout, attention and praise from strangers just to feed his ego. According to Dewy, her Father kicked her out of the house since 2017 and hasn’t bothered to find out if she was dead or alive. Dewy also mocked him of being Father of the year only on social media and putting gratification from strangers first before his family. “Gaslighting at its finest. It’s quite unfortunate that my life is nothing but content. I just can’t wrap my head around the hypocrisy. “All this for a drop of clout, attention and praise from strangers just to feed your ego. ”Honestly I was going to just free this situation because I’m used to this toxicity and mentally I’m tired but after seeing this i can’t stomach this pretentious behaviour anymore because on a normal level this man no Dey even pick my call. ”2017 I got kicked out of the house and was damn near homeless and if not for my friend I wouldn’t have even had food or Shelter! “Fortunately for me, I had a return ticket to come back to Atlanta, I moved back here with zero dollars not even knowing where I was going to live or where my next meal was going to come from! “I was literally living couch to couch and lord knows how tirelessly I worked so I could have my own stability! “You didn’t even know if your daughter was dead or alive anything could have happened to me. “But on social media, you are the father of the year. You have literally put Instant gratification from strangers before your own blood,” she said.