Everton will play host in the Manchester United this weekend as hostility resumes before the international break. Both exceptional managers (Carlo Ancelotti) and (Ole Gunner Solskjaer) would be aiming for the three points at stake as the battle line has been drawn. The onus would rest largely on Solskjaer’s side as he’s been told he would be sacked if the Red Devils fail against Everton. While all these and more would be in view, there are players that can make this match a mouthwatering fixture. On this note, we evaluate the three (3) key battles to watch at the weekend. James Rodriguez vs. Fred The South American playmaker James Rodriguez would be in big contest with his counterpart Fred when action returns to the Premier League. Fred could be under criticism following United’s poor showings in recent weeks. But the Brazilian could be making his mark with the prospect of facing the creative talent of James Rodriguez in transition. It promises to be epic as well as interesting as we look forward to the challenge both stars could pose against each other on the pitch. Richarlison vs. Harry Maguire Manchester United’s Harry Maguire would be up against Richarlison as the Brazilian aims to do the business against the United defense which was widely exploited by Istanbul Basaksehir during the midweek fixture. But with the pressure on the United side to get a result and a positive one for that matter, Harry Maguire is expected to lead from the back thus showing his leadership qualities on the pitch. It’s a matter of minutes that would determine how both parties will fare against each other as they do battle on the pitch. Michael Keane vs. Anthony Martial This is a centre forward/central defender battle as Anthony Martial go ahead to head with Michael Keane. Both players have been in and out of the United team but it would be a great contest for both guys on the pitch. Martial would be keen to perform for his Red Devil’s having served his three match ban which kept him out of action in the Premier League for the last couple of weeks. And with United needing a response following the situation the club found themselves at the moment, it would be a good outing between him and Keane in the danger area as Ancelotti would aim to mastermind a defensive astute plan by making do of the defensive steel Michael Keane has got as a player.