Stella Immanuel, a Nigerian-born doctor in the United States, has urged supporters of President Donald Trump not to give up. According to results, Joe Biden won the November 3 presidential election. But Trump maintains his challenger did not triumph with “legal votes”. In a video on Saturday, Immanuel charged Americans who voted for and believe in the President not to lose hope. The physician recalled a dream she had about Trump and expressed optimism that he will emerge victorious despite the current situation. “I know that a lot of people that have been fighting for the Republic are kind of discouraged right now because of the noise we are hearing in the media and otherwise. “Listen, just tune out the noise. Continue to pray, continue to stand. We are not giving up on our Republic. We gonna continue to fight and we gonna continue to believe God. “I’m a prophet of God and the Lord told me in June when all these chaos was happening. I said that Lord, are we done? Is it about to be over? “And at that time I had a dream, I saw the President, he was beat, he was beat up so bad, he was laid down and we thought the President was dead. “We rushed over there and we started praying and praying. He got up, he stood tall and got back to work…what I saw is exactly what’s happening right now. God has not changed his mind…we gonna continue to pray”, she said. Immanuel became popular after her widely publicized position on COVID-19 treatment. On July 27, she told a news conference in Washington D.C., that three drugs were effective against coronavirus. The doctor listed antimalarial drug, Hydroxychloroquine, Zinc, and antibacterial drug, Zithromax. Trump was a strong advocate of the mixture and Immanuel’s comments got his attention. The President shared the footage of her briefing which was later taken down by Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. The deletion triggered another round of debate about the purported conspiracy of the pandemic that broke out in Wuhan, China. On July 28 at a White House briefing, Trump responded to a question about Immanuel and her claim. “She was on air along with many other doctors. They were big fans of hydroxychloroquine. I thought she was very impressive…I don’t know which country she comes from. “But she said that she’s had tremendous success with hundreds of different patients. I thought her voice was an important voice but I know nothing about her”, he said. Video: Stand strong. Don’t be discouraged. It’s not the media that decides who is president. We will prevail. Keep praying for the nation and coving President Trump in prayer. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@RudyGiuliani⁩ ⁦@stevebanon⁩ ⁦@JudgeJeanine⁩ ⁦@InfoWarOnYou⁩ pic.twitter.com/Ykat4dVk6t — Stella Immanuel MD (@stella_immanuel) November 14, 2020