Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) has reported an explosion at a production facility in Oil Mining Lease (OML) 40. NPDC is an upstream subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). The affected facility is managed by NNPC partners, Elcrest Exploration and Production Nigeria Limited. 2. Salihu Tanko Yakasai, Media Aide to Governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Ganduje, has called on security operatives to arrest the Catholic Bishop of Nsukka, Godfrey Igwebuike Onah. Yakasai said Bishop Onah should be arrested for making comments capable of inciting violence while preaching his sermon. 3. The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, on Tuesday, paid a visit to the Governor of Lagos state, Babajide Sanwo-Olu at the State House in Marina. Adamu, during the meeting decried the damage caused by hoodlums who hijacked the End SARS protests last month. 4. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has said all prospective corps members will be tested using the new antigen-based test. The agency’s Director-General, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, speaking at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 briefing in Abuja on Tuesday, said, “We will test all corps members and that will enable us to keep our camps safe and also help us understand what is going on in the rest of the country.” 5. Yoruba coalition in the Diaspora, Yoruba One Voice (YOV) has expressed concerns over the “insensitive” response of President Muhammadu Buhari to calls for restructuring. 6. The Federal government has dismissed claims by university lecturers that they have not been paid for eight months. Emeka Nwajiuba, the Minister of State for Education, insisted that such a claim was unfair, adding that some lecturers got excess salaries and had to refund it to the government. 7. A policeman was murdered in Lagos by a mob in the aftermath of the End SARS protest. His family was also wiped out at their house in Awoyaya, Ibeju Lekki Local Government Area, a citizen, who resides near the community claimed. 8. United Nations (UN) human rights experts have demanded a probe of the Lekki shooting by soldiers. Their statement on Tuesday said the federal government must set up a credible, independent inquiry into “the recent illegal killings of at least 12 peaceful protestors by soldiers”. 9. Algeria’s President, Abdelmadjid Tebboune, has tested positive for COVID-19, his office announced on Tuesday. The confirmation ends speculation about Tebboune’s health, after he was hospitalized in Germany, following cases of coronavirus among his staff. 10. The Nevada State Supreme Court on Tuesday denied a request from President Donald Trump and state Republicans seeking to stop Clark county officials processing and counting ballots. Trump and his party argued that the ballots should not be counted until they are allowed to observe the process.