Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State has dispatched a team of garment entrepreneurs to Bangladesh, Vietnam and Turkey on exploratory visits for a planned ultramodern garment factory that will soon open in the State. This was made known by Governor Ikpeazu in his tweets Friday night. He said the garment factory when operational, will complement the shoe factory already established in the State. “Further to my industrialization agenda, I have dispatched a team to Bangladesh, Vietnam and Turkey respectively on exploratory visit for the planned ultra modern garment factory we are opening soon in Abia to complement the already established Shoe Factory. “I am poised as ever to make Aba the fashion capital of Nigeria with automated shoe and garment factories producing in tens of thousands daily. That’s jobs, jobs and more jobs for our people,” he wrote. In another development, the Abia State Government has assured members of the Nigerian Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) of its resolve to offset the minimum wage debt owed workers in the Local Government. The Chief of Staff to the Governor, Barrister Anthony Agbazuere, who gave the assurance when he received in audience a delegation of the Nigeria Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE) at the Government House Umuahia, reassured the Union that he will follow up on the issue to ensure that staff of Local Government in the State received the proposed minimum wage. Agbazuere while frowning at Public servants who take money from government coffers for their personal use, warned that the State government will not take it lightly with anyone that flouted its directives. He further advised workers to desist from street protests as a means of expressing their grievances as they do not help but aggravate issues. The Chief of Staff to the Governor also thanked the Union for their co-operation and support to the Governor Okezie Ikpeazu led administration in the State. Earlier in his address, the State President of NULGE and leader of the delegation, Comrade Ikechi Nwigwe said that the Union came to seek a way forward with the State government on the delayed implementation of their new minimum wage and payment of their annual leave allowances from 2014 till date, pointing out that the Union was yet to be included in the plan. Comrade Nwigwe decried the segregation in payment system between the State government workers and that of the Local government, noting that the Union is saddled with both the welfare of the workers and the smooth running of the system. He appealed to the Chief of Staff to use his good offices to better the lots of Local Government workers across the State.