A chieftain of Alliance for Democracy (AD) in Oyo State, Engineer Oyedele Hakeem Alao has warned members of the Oyo State Security Network also known as Amotekun not to use their positions to victimize or terrorise residents of the state. Alao, who contested the gubernatorial election on the platform of AD in 2019, gave this warning via a statement signed by his Media Aide, Omotayo Iyanda. DAILY POST recalls that one thousand five (1,500) pioneer members of Amotekun Corps were on Wednesday inaugurated by Governor Seyi Makinde of the state. https://dailypost.ng/2020/11/18/do-not-harass-members-of-public-be-professional-makinde-warns-amotekun-corps-personnel/ Alao while reacting to the inauguration, urged men of the Amotekun Corps to take a lesson from the experience of the Nigerian police in the recent End SARS protest. The statement made available to DAILY POST added that the End SARS protest experience was a testimony that the patience of every man has an expiration date. He charged the management, the commanders and the Corps members to be diligently and patriotically responsible in the discharge of their duties. He advised them not to use their positions and the security outfit to victimize or terrorise the people they were to protect and secure. Alao said “I charged the management, the commanders and the corps members to be diligently and patriotically responsible in the discharge of their duties. “They should not use their positions and the security outfit to victimize or terrorise the people they were to protect and secure as echoed by Governor Makinde during the commissioning. He further asked the corps not to be carried away and begin to behave on duty as if they were bigger than the Pope, admonishing them to steer clear of all activities that could tarnish the image of the Makinde administration.” Alao also urged the state government to recruit more Amotekun Corps members into the new security outfit. “Going by 1,500 total number of corps members, it meant less than 50 officers would be in each local government if 50 would be in each local government, sure less than 10 cops would be in each ward with more than an average of 1,500 houses and 5,000 residents. “I advise the state government to see to how to enlist more able men and women into the security formation and think out the ways to fund them adequately without unnecessary burden on the people of the state.”