Nigerians have renewed calls for the sack of service chiefs following increasing insecurity in the country. On Saturday, Boko Haram terrorists beheaded 43 farmers on a rice field in Borno State. Buhari, reacting, said the government had supported the armed forces with all necessary steps to improve security. However, this did not go down well with Nigerians who called out Buhari over the high rate of insecurity in the country, especially in the North. They called on the President to sack the service chiefs before the situation worsens. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @TayepaulOlubayo “ For the umpteenth time, @MBuhari needs to change all the service chiefs and face the number 1 business he was elected to do.secure the country! @Oil_sheikh “ Now this is where I’ll get to talk, if indeed he has given all support and they refuse to perform, then what is the president still doing with the service chiefs ? There’s no excuse for failure, sack them now! @Blessberrie “ Farmers were beheaded yesterday and nobody has been sacked yet. Nobody has resigned.” @Oshoemm “ Stop this trash, I’m buharist to the core, but if security getting better, he should try to sack the chief”s of Army staff.. It’s getting bad.” @Yusuf_A_J “ I do not want to entirely blame Buhari for the insecurity in north. The #ServiceChiefs have their hands dip in blood. They’re hiding under the guise that people blame the president for everyone. Even after give them everyone they fail to deliver, then sack them. That’s PMB’s mistake.” @Jacob “ Buhari has given all the necessary support to armed forces to fight Boko Haram EXCEPT firing the armed forces chiefs that are doing nothing.” @Collinspaulcp “ Don’t Buhari has the Power to sack the incompetent service chiefs if they aren’t delivering their duties?They’ve proved countless times that they can’t keep the country safe. Families are being massacred daily.
It really hurts.” @Denbul05 “ And they are soo powerful that they can’t be replaced, bcos now they failed in their assignments? Let the service chiefs enjoys while the country is boiling.Shioor.” @Agadastephenmic “ Mr Garuba, what about the option of sacking the security chiefs? Why are they still in the system? Insecurity has skyrocketed beyond measure.Why are the security chiefs still in the system if they are not benefiting from insecurity? Can we tag them, conflict entrepreneur.” @Emmatex1238 “ the president had given all the support to the armed forces and nothing positive is coming out of it. It means the service chiefs are not up to the task and should be sacked. Does the president had a blood convenant with the service chiefs that forbids him from sacking them.