A yellow fever outbreak in Ganjuea Local Government Area of Bauchi State has claimed the lives of eight persons in the area. This was revealed to journalists in Bauchi on Monday by the Executive Chairman of Bauchi State Primary Health Care Development Agency (BASPHCDA), Dr Rilwanu Mohammed. Apart from the eight lives lost to the outbreak, Dr Mohammed informed that eight other positive cases in the area are currently being managed. According to him, investigation into mysterious deaths in the area led to the discovery of yellow fever outbreak. “Recently, mysterious deaths of people were reported in some villages in two wards of Ganjuwa LGA. Immediately our surveillance team moved in and took samples of the victims and it was confirmed that they were yellow fever positive,” the BASPHCDA chairman said. He informed that the agency’s surveillance team made the discovery through verbal autopsy during routine immunization exercise in the area, adding that five persons had died before the discovery. He added that what the team discovered was that yellow fever and Lassa fever led to the death of those who lost their lives before the discovery. Following the discovery of yellow fever in the area, Dr Mohammed assured that proactive measures have been taken with a view to ensuring that the outbreak does not spread across the state. According to BASPHCDA boss, who revealed that there are three strains of yellow fever, the Bauchi State government is determined to curtail the outbreak, adding that large quantities of yellow fever vaccines have been procured and immunization of people would commence soon. He stated that as part of efforts to prevent the spread of the outbreak, an isolation and treatment centre has been set up at the General Hospital, Kafin Madaki, the headquarters of Ganjuwa LGA. Dr Mohammed enjoined people to sleep under mosquitoes treated nets to prevent the spread of the disease, which he said was being caused by mosquitoes. “Since it is mosquitoes that spread the disease, people should please use the treated nets and ensure that their environments are kept clean,” he said. While appealing to parents and guardians to release their children and wards for vaccination to curb the spread of yellow fever, Mohammed also appealed to traditional rulers and community leaders to sensitise their subjects on the need to embrace vaccination and clean environment for their own good.