Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State has directed the immediate restructuring of the Ulonna Farm Settlement in Ohuhu Umuahia North Local Government Area of the state. The Governor, who gave the directive in a statement released via his Twitter account on Tuesday, said this was in line in ensuring that there is food sufficiency, availability of raw materials for export and local use, and job creation for teeming youths through agriculture in Abia State. He also directed the Commissioner for Agriculture, Prof Ikechi Mgbeoji, to immediately enter into discussions with leaders of Ohuhu Development Foundation (ODF) and other stakeholders to produce a workable plan for the take off of the project. “Yesterday, I directed that the process of revitalising the Ulonna Farm Settlement in Ohuhu, Umuahia North LGA of our State commence immediately. “This is in line with my administration’s policy of ensuring food sufficiency, availability of raw materials for export and local use, and job creation for our teeming youths through agriculture. “This is sequel to the proposal presented to me by representatives of Ohuhu Development Foundation (ODF) led by Chief Onyema Ugochukwu. “I have therefore directed the Honourable Commissioner for agriculture, Prof Ikechi Mgbeoji, to immediately enter into discussions with leaders of ODF & other stakeholders to produce a workable plan for the take off of the project. “As Governor, I am determined to ensure that the impressive footprints of the Late Dr Michael Okpara are sustained for the good of all Abians. “This prompted the gigantic strides we have so far recorded in the agricultural sector especially in the areas of rice & oil palm production. “Our dream of creating an agro cluster in Umuahia for agro value remains alive even as we recognise the need to create a platform to add value to agriculture in Abia as a whole. “In this era of dwindling resources, agriculture remains a viable hope for a sustainable future, and I am determined to explore its potentials for the benefit of our people,” he said.