The leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Bayelsa State led by the Acting Chairman, Hon. Ebierien Fala Itubor, has described as deceitful the claims by the Governor Mala Buni-led Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the party over the purported reconciliation of warring factions in Bayelsa and a few other states. The Bayelsa chapter stated that such claims of reconciliation is untrue, deceitful and a calculated attempt to further throw the party into crisis. DAILY POST learnt that the Governor Mala Buni led Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee of the party committee had through a statement issued by Yekini Nabena, APC Deputy National Publicity Secretary, on Tuesday, in Abuja, appealed to aggrieved members of the party to halt all litigations in courts in the spirit of true reconciliation, claiming that all disagreements had been resolved and warring factions reconciled in Bauchi, Bayelsa, Cross River, Edo, Ekiti, Enugu, Zamfara, Ondo, and Oyo States. But the Party in Bayelsa, in a statement yesterday, signed by the Acting Chairman, Hon. Ebierien Fala Itubor, denied knowledge of any reconciliation meetings among warring factions in the state, “we are not surprised by the claims being made by Yekini Nabena” ”Nabena is a stooge to Chief Timipre Sylva. It should be known by the National Caretaker Committee that there was never a time any reconciliation meeting was called and the status of the party is that the contentious issues have not been resolved. “Or is it that when two or three persons sit in Abuja to discuss party affairs over champagne, the reconciliation have been concluded. The Bayelsa APC is fragmented along factions and these factions are calling on the Gombe Governor-led reconciliation committee and the Governor Mala Buni Committee not to allow the Chief Timipre Sylva-led factions to hoodwink them into false claims and instigate huge failure for the party. Recent events have shown that the party’s current divided status will never allow it record any political victory in the state.”