The Director-General of Voice of Nigeria, Mr. Osita Okechukwu has urged a former National Vice Chairman, South-South, of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Hon Hilliard Eta to withdraw the suit he filed against the party. Eta is before the Federal High Court Abuja, seeking the sack of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), of the APC, chaired by Yobe State Governor, His Excellency, Malam Mai Mala Buni. But speaking to journalists on Sunday, Okechukwu, a chieftain of the party, pleaded with Eta to forthwith withdraw the suit and not to allow himself to be seen as a spy for the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Okechukwu said, “As a foundation ordinary member of our great party, my own take is to ask Hon Hilliard Eta to please as a matter of national urgent importance to withdraw the suit forthwith. “Otherwise, without prejudice to the court process, is it not afterthought that five months down the line, Eta kept quiet after the National Working Committee, which he belonged to, was validly dissolved? Where was he when his former National Chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole endorsed and upheld the dissolution of the NWC in the collective interest of our great party?” “Why is it now that many prominent Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) members are migrating to the APC that he woke up from his deep slumber? How come that he can flagrantly disobey Mr President, who admonished us to withdraw all cases for the peace and harmony of our party? For the avoidance of doubt, if he fails to withdraw the suit forthwith, it means that one may not be wrong in suspecting Eta as PDP’s Spy. “I am earnestly pleading with him to beware of how politically incorrect it is, being accused of spying for PDP,” Okechukwu added. Reminded of a statement credited to Eta that “we have respect for Buhari, but we have higher respect for the APC’s Constitution and the Nigerian Constitution”, Okechukwu said that Eta could not sincerely and in all honesty, when reality check is applied, be referring to APC’s Constitution or the Nigerian Constitution. He noted that “Without prejudice to court process, more so when I don’t know the we he is representing or talking about; Eta knows that Section 21 (A) of APC’s Constitution frowns at offences bordering on anti-party activities or any conduct which is likely to embarrass or have adverse effects on the party. “Is his suit, in spite of his bogus claim, not capable of deceiving the gullible? If he continues in his misadventure, he can’t claim ignorance of how APC’s Constitution views impersonation and how it rates one heading to court against the party without first exhausting all avenues for redress as provided in the constitution.”