Governor Nasir El-Rufai has condemned in strong terms the killings of the District head of Mazaki in Atyap Chiefdom, Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna State by unknown gunmen in the early hours of today (Tuesday). He described the act as evil and a violation of the sanctity of the human lives by enemies of peace who must be fished out and made to face the wrath of the law. A statement from the State Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan said the military under the auspices of Operation Safe Haven has informed the Kaduna State government of the killing of the District Head of Gidan Zaki, Mr. Haruna Kuye and his son, Destiny Kuye in the early hours of today (Tuesday, 17th November 2020). They were killed in their residence at Gidan Zaki, Zangon Kataf local government. The statement explained, “The District Head’s wife, according to the military, sustained machete wounds on her hand while his daughter had a gunshot wound on her finger.” The security report, according to the statement, further showed that the act was carried out by about five men wielding AK-47 rifles and machetes, who also tried to burn the house and a vehicle. The military added that three empty cases and a live round of 7.62mm special ammunition were recovered at the scene, adding that troops in collaboration with other security agencies are carrying out investigations and trailing the assailants. The Governor, who condoled the Kuye family and the Atyap Traditional Council, prayed for the repose of the souls of the District Head and his son. Malam El-Rufai praised the late Haruna Kuye for his contributions to the peace-building efforts in Zangon-Kataf. The Governor directed the Commissioner of Police and Director of the Department of State Services to team up with the military forces on ground to ensure diligent investigation. In the same vein, security agencies have also reported attacks in Giwa local government area where armed bandits attacked Fatika, Kaya and Yakawada villages, killed two persons and kidnapped some others. In another development, security agencies have updated the Kaduna State Government with information regarding Monday’s attack at Albasu village of Igabi local government. The update identified the eleven persons killed as Amadu Mallam, ldi Gefefe, Isah Goma, Awwalu Goma and Babangida Iliyasu. Others are Lado Iliyasu, Ya’u Jumare, Hamza Umaru, Shehu Jibril, Tukur Albasu and Musa Adamu Muruzuwa. The statement added that the following victims sustained injuries: Muazu Albasu, Samaila Chairman and Junaidu Husaini. Similarly, the security agencies have identified the local killed by bandits on Sunday after they kidnapped two persons at Maraban Kajuru in Kajuru local government area, The victim has been identified as Mr. Albarka Addu’a, a former village head of Kyemara Gari.