The Premier League returns after intriguing matches took place across Europe from the UEFA Champion League to the UEFA Europa League. It promises to be another weekend of rivalry and match contention as hostilities resume in the English top flight. The big guns would be in action with the aim of picking three points. DAILY POST evaluates three (3) Key matches to watch as Premier League enters week 8 this season. Everton vs. Manchester United The Red devils would be in the mission of their life as they would seek to end a two game loss run owing to defeat against Arsenal and Demba Ba led Istanbul Basaksehir. The pressure would be on Solskjaer and his men to make amends in the contest. Carlo Ancelotti on the other hand, would be aiming to construct a tactical system that would unsettle United’s plan in transition. The United boss has been told that his job depends on this game as the Red Devils walk a tightrope prior to the tie at Goodison park this weekend with the hope for a win. Arsenal vs. Aston Villa The Gunners would welcome the impressive Aston Villa side who have got the talent of Tyronne Mings and Jack Grealish to their ranks. However, with Arsenal on a good run after back to back wins, Mikel Arteta’s side are on point to puncture their opposing counterpart at home. With both teams of London heritage, the London derby will produce an interesting game for viewers to watch this weekend. Even as we look forward to who wins between both sides with special interests concerning how the two teams line up as the Arsenal side rested star men like Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the midweek. Manchester City vs. Liverpool The Manchester City side would play host to Jurgen Klopp’s Liverpool as both teams continue their immense competition on the pitch. With so much talent set to grace the match from both sides owing to the likes of Riyad Mahrez, Mo Salah and Diego Jota, quality performance is duly expected in the encounter. It promises to be a huge 90 minutes as we embrace the battle between these two league contenders not minding the progress London giants Arsenal and Chelsea are already making in the season.