It appears the camp of the late Ogun East Senator, Buruji Kashamu, is in crisis a few months after the death of the man bankrolling a faction of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State, DAILY POST reports. Buruji Kashamu died in August 2020 following complications from the deadly coronavirus pandemic. Before his death, Kashamu and Ladi Adebutu had been at loggerheads with each other as they battled for the soul of the opposition party in Ogun. DAILY POST reports that the two factions had earlier held parallel congresses, thereby producing two party chairmen and other executive members in the Gateway State. While the Uche Secondus-led National Working Committee (NWC) of the party is with the Ladi Adebutu faction and its Sikirulahi Ogundele-led Ogun PDP State Working Committee, late Kashamu followers said there was a court judgement in their favour. However, news broke out on Sunday that the Kashamu faction of the PDP had suspended its Chairman in Ogun, Mr. Samson Bamgbose, for alleged anti-party activities. It was gathered that the State Executive Committee of the PDP faction took the decision at an extra-ordinary meeting held on November 9. DAILY POST gathered that a member of the party from Yewa North, Barrister Boladale Sanni, had been appointed to act in place of Bamgbose. Some other executive members of the PDP group were also suspended alongside Bamgbose for alleged anti-party activities. They include: Kehinde Oladeinde (Former State Deputy Chairman), Kunle Bolujoko (Former Ogun East Senatorial Chairman), Bimbo Lanre-Balogun ( Former State Woman Leader), Sunmola Kayode (Former Ogun West Senatorial Chairman), Kola Akinyemi (Former Ogun Central Senatorial Chairman) as well Hon. Alaba Adewunmi (Former State Auditor). It was said that Bamgbose had been referred to the National Executive Committee (NEC) of the party for further disciplinary actions. This is despite the fact that the NWC of the PDP has never recognised Bamgbose as its Chairman in Ogun State. Meanwhile, other suspended party members were told to appear before a seven-man disciplinary committee chaired by Dr. Remilekun Bakare. It will be recalled that the Adebutu faction of the PDP has taken over the state secretariat of the PDP in Abeokuta after the demise of Kashamu.