Senator Sam Egwu (PDP-Ebonyi North) on Saturday urged security agencies to arrest him if it’s proved that he, alongside other leaders, are planning to instigate violence in the State. Recall that Governor David Umahi in a broadcast on Friday disclosed that he received information that some Ebonyi political leaders were planning to instigate a crisis in the State with the aid of cultists and an outlawed secessionist group. However, reacting to the development, Egwu, a former governor of Ebonyi, told NAN in the state that such allegations should be investigated properly by security agencies. “They should investigate and arrest me if it’s proven that I discussed with anyone or attended a meeting where the issue of instigating violence in the State was discussed. “I’m speaking for myself, and if it can’t be proven that I discussed or attended such a meeting, they cannot do anything to me,” Egwu said. Egwu also stated that he wasn’t a violent politician and wasn’t a violent person even before venturing into politics. “The governor, as the chief security officer of the State, should seek the full details of the report from his informant, and he knows what to do subsequently. “I have been a governor of Ebonyi and wonder why I should connive with people to cause violence in a state I’ve governed. “I do not have such character and anyone who has evidence against me on such issues should prove it,” Egwu said. The former Minister of Education said that Ebonyi had been and will continue to be a peaceful state as a governor’s defection to another political party shouldn’t be a problem. “Anyone is free to move to a party of his/her choice, and it’s not a crime that we belong to different parties. “The governor should feel free to confront any of us when he hears and sees anything to sort such issues. “He’s the state governor, and anyone he seeks an audience with will answer him,” he added. Recall that political tension has heightened in Ebonyi State since Umahi’s defection from the PDP to the All Progressives Congress (APC) with resentment and bickering pervading the environment.