The Reds defeated Leicester City 3-0 at Anfield during a showdown at home on Sunday. The Merseyside giant had to perform having seen London side Spurs beat Manchester City 2-0 in the wake of a title push at the weekend. Manchester City would have themselves to blame as they failed to put a good showing at the London Stadium meaning they now trail Liverpool and Tottenham Hotspur with 8 points in the League table. With the Reds 3-0 triumph, DAILY POST looks at lessons from the outing. Liverpool Affirm Credential The Reds 3-0 win over Leicester City may have earned them the three points at stake. But they have done their title aspiration good with a superb showing on Sunday. Goals from Jonny Evans (own goal), Diogo Jota and Robert Firmino secured the win as Leicester were beaten away at Anfield. The German tactician used 90 minutes to make a statement in the Premier League. And League aspirants Chelsea, Tottenham Hotspur and even Leicester City would have understood the weekend gist as Liverpool blew the Foxes apart at weekend. Jota A Good Signing Diogo Jota was on the score sheet yet again as they recorded an impressive 3-0 win over Leicester City. The former Wolverhampton Wanderers striker was on song scoring the Reds second goal after Jonny Evans had given the visitors something to worry about with his own goal. But it was Jota who scored to make it 2-0 as Liverpool came alive in the game. He continued from his exceptional performance in the season where he scored a hat-trick against Italian side Atalanta in the UEFA Champions League while proving to be a good buy especially in the absence of Liverpool star Mohamed Salah. Liverpool More Than African Pair The Reds would have won the Premier League last season thanks to the massive contributions Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane had made in the final third with goals but against the Foxes, the Reds proved they are able to win a game. Mohamed Salah was missing in action after testing positive for Covid-19. While Sadio Mane failed to get on the scores sheet despite featuring in the Leicester tie. Jonny Evans opened the scoring against his side following an undue attacking pressure coming from the home side (Liverpool) in the game. However, it was the in-form Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino that found the other goals Liverpool needed.