A civil society organisation, under the umbrella of March4Nigeria, has described the recently discovered hoarded COVID-19 palliatives across states and Local Government Areas in the country as an eye-opener. Recall that shortly after the nationwide End SARS protests, angry youths broke into warehouses where COVID-19 palliatives were hoarded and looted them. March4Nigeria identified the discoveries as a failure on the part of the Nigerian Governors and LGA administrators. The group further blamed the Governors and LGA Chairmen for the unending unrest in the country, calling on them to demonstrate responsibility to end bad governance in the country. The group in a press conference on Tuesday observed that the activities of most governors and LGA administrators are somewhat responsible for the various agitations and disenchantments in the polity. It accused the governors of making themselves mini gods, noting that the recent discovery of COVID-19 palliatives stored in various warehouses across the states was indeed a vindication of the efforts of the President Muhammadu Buhari government towards improving the lives of the people in ways too numerous to mention. Addressing newsmen, the National Coordinator of the group, Comrade Augustine Adie said hoarding of the palliatives is just one example of how things are going wrong at the state and LGA levels. He said, “It has become clear that most governors are not in tune with reality either by omission or commission, as it is inexcusable for food items meant for the people during the coronavirus pandemic are kept from the people for God knows why.” March4Nigeria said it views the action by Governors and LGA Chairman as counter-productive and ultimately against the interest of the country at this critical point. It said there is the need for leaders to demonstrate responsibility in governance at the State and LGA levels because they are indeed accountable to the people that voted them into office. “The hoarding of the COVID-19 palliatives is just one example of how things are going wrong at the state and local government levels, which by and large undermines the efforts of the government at the centre.” Adie explained that a look at the budget performances across the 36 states of the country, shows a tale of underperformance and lack of commitment to uplifting the standards of living of the people. He added, “The March4Nigeria Initiative views such disposition as appalling and inimical to sustainable growth and development in Nigeria. It is also instructive to state that not until citizens start to ask questions on accountability from state governors and local government administrators, we would be going round in a vicious circle.” The group called on citizens to start asking questions on the performance of budgets in their states and demand transparency from governors. He noted that the sustainability of development will elude Nigerians if governors and LGA administrators continue in such fashion.