Eighteen people, comprising three male and 14 female, died on Thursday as a canoe carrying 23 people from Zango Majiya to the farm capsized on River Buji in Itas Gadau Local Government Area of Bauchi State. This was disclosed by the Bauchi State Police Command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, in a statement he signed and made available to journalists on Friday in Bauchi. The PPRO, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), however, informed that five of the passengers were rescued alive, adding that the driver and a female passenger were rescued unconscious. He stated that the unfortunate incident was reported to the police at the Itas Gadau Police Station by the Village Head of Majiya, Nuhu Kaila, adding that on receipt of the report, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) and a team of policemen rushed to the scene. According to the police spokesman, “On 12th November, 2020 at about 11am, one Ali Adamu, Village Head of Majiya came to Itas-Gadau Police Station and reported that, on same date at about 10.30am, one Nuhu Kaila, male of Zango Majiya village, carried about 23 persons in a canoe, from Zango Majiya to the farm. “On reaching the middle of River Buji, the canoe capsized and as a result, the following persons: Abdulraham Shehu, Male (20); Suwaiba Yusuf, female (12); Saude Abdulkarim, female (14); Fatima Maigari, female (10); Zuwaira Maigari, female (10); Hari Maigari, female (9); Hussaina Maigari, female (8); Ummani Abdulkarim, female (15); Halima Saminu, female (15) of Gidan Ganji village. “Others are Najaatu Hamza, (15); Nura Abdullahi, Male (25); Yahuza Abdullahi, (12); Hafsa Abdullahi, female (11) of Majiya village, Sadiya Hashimu, (10); Khadija Alhassan, (15) of Gwarai village; Amina Idris, (15); Kaltime Hudu, female (14); Furaira Malam Magaji, female (14) of Zangon Majiya village were drowned in the river and died at the spot. “The canoe driver and one Aisha Adamu, female (16), Umaru Adamu, male (30) were rescue unconscious.” He informed that the deceased corpses were recovered from the river and taken to the Itas General Hospital for postmortem examination. “The corpses were removed from the river and taken to the General Hospital Itas, for postmortem examination. “A medical doctor certified 18 persons dead, while 5 persons were rescued,” DSP Wakil stated.