Troops of Operation Sahel, in a recent raid, have neutralized several bandits in the Northeast, Nigeria. According to the Acting Director, Defense media operations, Brigadier- General Benerd Onyeuko, on the 29th of October 2020, troops swiftly responded to a distress call about bandits’ activities at Diskuru village in Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina State. “The incident was recorded as the marauding bandits stormed the village on several motorcycles, shooting sporadically with the intent to scare the locals and loot valuables. On arrival, the troops engaged the criminals in a fierce fire fight forcing them to withdraw in disarray. “Resulting from the encounter, three bandits were neutralized by the troops as several others were believed to have escaped with various degrees of gunshot wounds. “During the exploitation phase, two additional bandits’ bodies were discovered along their withdrawal route. Also in the aftermath of the encounter, three women and their infants earlier kidnapped by the bandits were rescued from the criminals,” he said. The army spokesman explained that the troops continued to dominate the village and adjoining environment to deny the bandits any respite, pointing out that regrettably, one brave soldier paid the supreme price in an attempt to save one of the rescued nursing mothers in the heat of the encounter. “Relatedly, on the 27th of October 2020, troops deployed at Dan Ali village acting on reliable information arrested two suspected bandits’ collaborators, namely Samaila Usman and Idi Bello. The suspects are in our custody undergoing interrogations before handing them over to appropriate for possible prosecutions. “To this end, the troops of Operation Sahel Sanity are commended for the successes achieved in their commitment. “They are further urged not to rest on their oars until the Northwest zone is rid of all criminal activities. Additionally, the good people of the Northwest are once more assured of the troops’ commitment to safety of lives and properties within the zone. “They are also encouraged to avail the troops with timely credible Information that will assist in the conduct of their operations,” he added.