Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Babatunde Fowler, former Chairman, Federal Internal Revenue Service, FIRS, on Monday, returned to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, for further questioning. The former FIRS boss was said to have reported at the Lagos State office of the anti-graft agency over FIRS’ involvement in alleged financial misappropriation during his tenure. 2. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has announced 157 new cases of COVID-19 infections in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 65,305. The health agency said that the 157 new cases are recorded in Lagos, Oyo, Kaduna, Bayelsa, Edo, Ekiti, Ondo, Osun and Plateau States. 3. The Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has approved Monday, November 23, for the reopening of Nursery and Primary Schools in the State. A statement signed by Sir Chidi Adiele on behalf of the Commissioner of Education, Prof. Kaniye Ebeku, noted that the resumption was for commencement of the first term of the 2020/2021 academic session. 4. The Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodimma, has claimed that more of his counterparts will follow the footsteps of the Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, by joining the All Progressives Congress (APC), from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Speaking to journalists after a closed-door meeting with the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the APC, Governor Mai Mala Buni, and other members of the committee, at the APC National Secretariat, Abuja on Monday, Uzodinma, said more governors would soon dump PDP for the APC. 5. The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) has warned motorists against panic buying, assuring that there is enough fuel on ground. IPMAN National Public Relations Officer, Alhaji Suleiman Yakubu, who made this known to newsmen on Monday in Abuja, insisted that there is no fuel scarcity. 6. Governor Abubakar Bello of Niger State has tested negative for COVID-19 following repeat tests. A statement signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mrs. Mary Noel-Berje, in Minna on Monday, said that the governor was pronounced free of the virus and confirmed fit to resume his official duties having gone through repeat tests which turned negative. 7. An Owerri Magistrate Court, on Monday, remanded Hercules Okoro representing Ohaji Egbema State Constituency in the Imo House of Assembly, in the state correctional facility for alleged assault. Okoro, a member of the All Progressives Congress, (APC), was arraigned in court for an 8-count charge bordering on alleged assault with intent to wound. 8. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has kicked against the fuel price increase from between N158 and N162 per litre to N168 and N170. In a statement on Monday, the NLC president, Ayuba Wabba, said the hike was “against the spirit and content” of what the organised labour agreed with the government at the last negotiations. 9. The Kaduna State Government has said that five people were kidnapped during Sunday’s attack on commuters along Abuja-Kaduna highway. The Commissioner, Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr. Samuel Aruwan, who made the disclosure in a statement issued on Monday in Kaduna, said two people were killed during the attack contrary to earlier media reports that claimed that scores were killed. 10. The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) Batch ‘B’ Stream 1 Corps members posted to Niger State have all been confirmed negative to COVID-19. The State NYSC Coordinator, Mrs Funmilayo Ajayi, during the opening ceremony of the Batch B Stream 1 orientation course at Paiko Orientation Camp, explained that the 620 corps members, camp officials as well as camp marketers have all gone through the test conducted by the Niger State NCDC team.