The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Tuesday asked the Ondo State Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi to tow the path of honour and resign from office honourably. The Zonal Publicity Secretary (Southwest) of the party, Mr. Ayo Fadaka who spoke on Channels TV Sunrise Daily on Tuesday, said Agboola should resign from office since he can longer cooperate with the Governor ‘who put so much trust in him’. Fadaka who said there is a standard people must keep even in politics, stressed that politics is not as bad as the way it is being played by desperate politicians. The Deputy Governor has been in a running battle with his boss, Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, which has culminated in his decision to quit the APC and pitch his tent with the PDP. Shortly after decamping from the APC, the Deputy Governor revealed he would not be resigning from office, stressing that the people who gave him the mandate did not ask him to resign as their Deputy Governor. Ayo Fadaka noted that the manner some play politics suggests to the world that politicians in Nigeria do not have a conscience, adding that there are still politicians with a conscience around. The PDP spokesperson stressed that it is up to the Governor and the APC to do an appraisal whether they still have a running mate in Agboola Ajayi as the deputy Governor now in the PDP. “Impeachment is expected to be initiated if it is considered that the person to be impeached has committed high crimes against the system. But again, with the decamping of Agboola can it be construed to be a high crime against the state? “The constitution says that for every Governor that will contest, he should have a running mate and that’s why there is always a Deputy Governor to assist the Governor. The Governor picked Agboola Ajayi, the PDP was not part of whatever they were doing when they decided to run with each other “And if they still feel comfortable running with each other, we do not want to have an input into it. Ordinary, it is up to Agboola Ajayi to do what I think is honourable by resigning himself if he feels he could no longer cooperate with the man who placed a level of trust in him to assist him in doing his job. ” Fadaka also called on bigwigs in other parties who have ties with the PDP to return to the party, adding that the PDP is always happy to gain back a lost soul.