The Deputy Speaker of the Nigerian House of Representatives, Ahmed Idris Wase, has refuted a report making the rounds wherein the Speaker of the House, Femi Gbajabiamila was quoted as saying that ‘going to prison is honour for politicians.’ Wase described the story as ‘most misleading and a deliberate misrepresentation of facts.’ In a statement he made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday, the Deputy Speaker said that at no time did Gbajabiamila declare or insinuate that “prison experience for any politician is a “badge of honour.” Report emerged on different platforms yesterday quoting the Speaker to have made the comment following the release of the Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Kalu from prison last week. The Deputy Speaker, while setting the record straight, said it is true that he (Wase) represented the Speaker when Principal Officers of the House visited the Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, at his residence in Abuja on Monday. He explained that “During the visit, the Deputy Speaker, on behalf of the speaker and the entire leadership of House of Representatives, sympathized with Senator Orji Kalu and advised him to consider his incarceration and subsequent release from jail as part of ‘destiny’ and should not be discouraged.” Wase said that during the visit, he also relayed his experience with the former governor of Plateau State, Late Chief Solomon Lar, whom he said once told them after coming out of prison that as politicians they should expect things like this. “There was never a time, the Deputy Speaker, who spoke for a little over three minutes during the visit said that “going to prison is badge of honour for politicians.” The statement said the Deputy Speaker only alluded to what the Late Solomon Lar had told them. “Therefore, there is no way the Speaker or the Deputy Speaker would have said what is stated in the story.” He said it is most unfortunate, and strange to have ascribed this to the person of Gbajabiamila who was represented by the Deputy Speaker. “We advise readers to disregard this piece of news, which was deliberately slanted and twisted to suit the reporter’s vague intention. “The leadership of the House of Representatives under Speaker Gbajabiamila will continue to accord due respect to the media and support responsible journalism. We advise journalists to at all times get their facts right before going to press,” the statement said.