The Nigerian army has provided the latest update on troops’ operations in the North East and other parts of the country in the last seven days. The Armed Forces of Nigeria and other security agencies have been on the offensive against Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists mainly through the Land and Air components of Operation LAFIYA DOLE. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Major Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this in a statement on Thursday. The statement read: “This morning, I will be briefing you on operations of the Armed Forces of Nigeria and other security agencies across the country, in line with our routine. Categorically, the various operations have progressed successfully in all our theatres of operations in the last week. “In the North East, the Armed Forces of Nigeria and other security agencies have been on the offensive against the terrorists mainly through the Land and Air components of Operation LAFIYA DOLE. The significant feats achieved in this theatre include deletion of key BHT/ISWAP commanders, destruction of their logistics bases and cutting off their supply routes. Equally, their camps have been in disarray as a result of the killing of some of their key commanders through airstrikes and artillery bombardments on their identified locations. This is additional to the aggressive mobile clearance operations and air interdictions. Thus, the terrorists now carry out attacks in depleted strength on soft targets which are being effectively countered by the gallant troops of Operation LAFIYA DOLE. “Following closely, in the North West and North Central parts of the Country, the gallant troops through land and air offensives successfully neutralized 392 bandits since the commencement of Operation KATSINA, which seriously degraded the bandits and other criminal elements in the two zones. Consequently, those bandits that escaped resorted to reprisal attacks on civilian targets. However, Operation ACCORD was preemptively planned by the High Command of the Armed Forces of Nigeria to handle this situation. In this regard, the Chief of Defence Staff ordered the commencement of Operation ACCORD from 1 June 2020. “Let me state here that, Operation ACCORD is a joint operation involving the Armed Forces of Nigeria and other security agencies. It is a concomitant operation by all the theatres of operations in the North West and North Central regions of the Country targeted at tackling banditry and other criminal activities. In this regard, all identified hideouts and hibernations of the enemies will be decisively cleared through land and air combat actions. This can easily be achieved through the provision of credible information that can translate to actionable intelligence. Thus, the general public is hereby requested to avail the various operational outfits in their locations with this highly desirable information, to enable the Nigerian Military and other security agencies to achieve the set objective. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More