Residents of Sasa community in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital have arrested a man suspected to be a ritualist. DAILY POST gathered that Sasa, one of the communities in Akinyele local government area is where a 42-year old woman was killed last week. Akinyele is the local government where incessant killings have been recorded in the last two months. Barakat Bello, Azeezat Shomuyiwa and Grace Oshiagwu were allegedly killed by some suspected ritualists. A five-year-old boy identified as Mujeeb was also killed by some suspected ritualists two weeks ago. DAILY POST, however, gathered that a suspected ritualist who is said to be one of the masterminds of the killings has been arrested in the early hours of Sunday following a failed attempt to kill his victim in the area. Our correspondent gathered on Monday that the suspect was arrested by local security popularly known as Soludero. A resident who witnessed the incident said, “The residents of Sasa community with the help of local security popularly called (Soludero) this morning arrested a suspect in Sasa area of Akinyele local government while he was trying to murder a woman. “While he was being interrogated, The suspect confessed that He has been involved in 8 killings recently in Akinyele local government and his last killing was at Sasa, where he murdered a lady. “He has so far been handed over to the Nigeria police for further investigation while work is still ongoing to fish out other perpetrators”. “Chairman of the Caretaker Committee in Akinyele South Local Council Development Area (LCDA), Hon. Kazeem Adekunle confirmed the arrest of the suspect to DAILY POST on Monday”. Adekunle told DAILY POST that the case would be transferred to the Criminal Investigation Department (CID), today. He said, “Yes and it will be transferred to the state CID today. Sir, I cannot be talking about this here. Thanks”. Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi when contacted, said that the suspect is still helping the police for further investigation. Fadeyi in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST said, “Yes, one man was arrested. He is currently in police custody to determine his level of involvement. “He was arrested in the area where the woman that was washing cloth was killed last week and he could not give a satisfactory answer”.