Contrary to speculation that there are about 600 bandits on Zangang hill in Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State, the state government said there are no armed bandits in the said hill. Recall that a few days ago, some groups in Kaura had alleged, in a widely publicised press statement, the presence of over 600 armed bandits at Zangang hills. The state Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, in a statement issued on Monday, said the state government reached out to the security agencies for immediate action on the matter. “Operation Safe Haven, OPSH, the military units deployed by Defence Headquarters in response to the security challenges in Plateau, Bauchi and parts of Kaduna State, and a detachment of the Special Forces of the Nigerian Army carried out extensive fighting patrols to the said Zangang Hill on 21st June 2020. “The fighting patrol stretched up to the Kagoro Hills and other suspected hideouts. Troops did not encounter any group of armed bandits throughout the extensive fighting patrols,” the statement explained. It added that not a single bandit camp was found in the area and there is also no evidence of human activity in and around the hills. The state government, however, commended the Commander of OPSH, Major General CC. Okonkwo and his team in Sector 7 (Southern Kaduna) under the leadership of Col. GU. Akpan, officers and men for a job well done. The government reiterated its appeal to aggrieved communities, individuals and groups to always have recourse to the law so as to avoid killings and counter killings that deepen the vicious cycles of reprisals. Contrary to the misreading of the security challenges, according to the statement, what stands out as a major impediment to peace has been the resort to self help and jungle justice, rather than complying with the rule of law. The statement advised, “Citizens with credible information on any criminal activity, including banditry, are encouraged to confide their suspicions to security agencies and government for prompt action.”