The Niger State Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Engineer Mohammad Jubrin Imam says the Executives and members of the party will not fold their arms and watch it divided into fractions. Imam, who made the declaration in Minna after an extended meeting with all members of the Party at both the state and local government levels, said mechanisms are in place to re-strategize and ensure that the party remains united. Speaking to journalists shortly after the meeting, he noted that the party remained a supreme body and cannot be subdued by anyone, no matter the position the person holds in the state. It would be recalled that the APC in the state is presently enmeshed in a crisis in which the Financial Secretary wrote a petition to the state Police accusing the Party Chairman and other Executives of financial mismanagement. On the alleged misappropriation of funds, Imam denied the allegations, explaining that all the money spent by the party has been adequately documented. According to him, “No money is lost. We have been running the system most transparently, in fact, we run it as if it is a Ministry. We have been prudent in management. “The Party has three signatories and the Financial Secretary who wrote that petition is one of the signatories and he has been the one writing the cheques and he has been part of all our activities and meetings, so how have we sidelined him?” Describing the action of the Financial Secretary against the exco as mischievous, the party chairman, disclosed that a five-man committee has already been constituted to give them a fair hearing and submit their report in one week. He explained that the crisis is an internal issue and an internal mechanism for conflict resolution has been employed to resolve it. “The committee had been set up to give them a fair hearing and they will submit their report in a week.” On the alleged frosty relationship between the party and the Executive arm of Government, Imam described it as cordial and not bad, but noted, “It is one of those things in politics. It is just that the party should be consulted on some issues that affect it.”