Nollywood actor and winner of Big Brother Africa Season 5 reality TV show, Uti Nwachukwu, has reacted after a Twitter user accused him of rape. The accuser, who goes by the name Kambili Korie, took to Twitter to make claims that the media personality raped her in August 2017 she shared a screenshot of a message from a user saved with the name “Uti 2” apologizing for forcefully having his way with her. She also accused Nwachukwu of being a bisexual. She said “Uti is a violent and forceful person by nature. “What he did to me, however, took me by surprise as he always smiled at me like he meant well. “ Uti is a bisexual. He treats his guys with more respect but he’s more into women. However, Uti took to his Instagram account on Thursday to address the issue stating that the accuser should step forward, show her identity, and equally report the case to the authorities within 3 days. He further promised to foot the fees the person incurs in reporting the alleged crime. According to him, if after 3 days, the person doesn’t take action, he will act. He said “I reject this characterization and deny these baseless allegations in the strongest way possible. “Furthermore, I am urging this faceless victim to report this purported crime to the nearest police station. “I am willing to say for all the fees you incur in reporting this alleged crime. “If after three days you fail to disclose yourself or report the crime, I shall proceed to report the case and the blog and other internet hosts must spread this fake news to the Inspector General of police for cyber terrorism and libel.” He also revealed that it was doctored as he showed apps that can be used by scammers to carry out such crimes on Android phones. See the screenshots below.  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More