Senate President, Bukola Saraki has condemned the alleged rape and murder of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, a 100-level Microbiology student of the University of Benin, UNIBEN. Uwaila, a 100-level Microbiology student of UNIBEN, was allegedly raped and killed by some unknown persons while reading in a Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, in Benin City. Her death has generated diverse opinion from Nigerians and prominent persons who have called for justice. Reacting, Saraki on his Twitter page called for justice for the deceased. The PDP chieftain while praying for her family appealed to relevant authorities to fish out the perpetrators of the evil act. “The reports of the rape and murder of a 22-year-old undergraduate of the University of Benin, Uwa Omozuwa, in a church in Benin city are extremely shocking. Such savagery has no place in the Nigerian society. “As a people, we have to work to create safe spaces for our girls and women – in our homes, at work and in our places of worship – free from any and all sorts of sexual violation. And I say this not just because I’m a girl dad but because it is the right thing to do. “I strongly appeal to our law enforcement agencies to leave no stone uncovered in finding the perpetrators of this heinous act and bringing them to justice. “I pray that the Almighty comforts the Omozuwa family and strengthens them at this very difficult time.” Justice for Uwa: Obaseki calls for immediate investigation over murder of UNIBEN student in Edo church Pastor Adeboye reacts to alleged rape, murder of UNIBEN student inside RCCG church Vera Omozuwa: Apostle Johnson Suleiman reacts to alleged rape, murder of UNIBEN female student inside church These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More