Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and an ally to the Minister of Transport, Chibuike Amaechi, has congratulated the Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Chief Victor Giadom, who recently declared himself the acting National Chairman of the ruling party following the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole. Following the affirmation of the suspension of Oshiomhole by the Appeal Court in Abuja on Tuesday, Giadom insisted that he is best positioned to occupy the office in acting capacity shortly after the party’s National Working Committee, NWC, picked former Oyo State Governor, Abiola Ajimobi for the office. The battle for Oshiomhole’s temporary replacement begun after Ajimobi’s appointment. However, Giadom insisted that the order of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT High Court issued on March 16, 2020 by Hon. Justice S.U Bature in Suit No. FCT/HC/M/6447/2020 to the effect that he is to act as the National Chairman of the party following the suspension of Oshiomhole remains valid. Giadom later arrived at the APC’s national secretariat Abuja on Wednesday morning where he held a press conference, declaring himself as the authentic acting National Chairman. The situation became messier when the Vice Chairman of the APC (South South) Prince Hilliard Eta, took over as the ruling party’s Acting National Chairman and sacked Giadom as the party’s Deputy National Secretary. And Eze, a former National Publicity Secretary of the defunct New Peoples Democratic Party, nPDP, in a statement to DAILY POST on Wednesday, insisted that any other person who parades himself as the acting party chairman of the party apart from Giadom, will be violating valid court judgment On the appointment of Ajimobi, Eze pointed out that the Chairman’s Office is zoned to South South and any other opinion will be a violation. Eze described all appointments and actions taken by Oshiomhole from March till date as invalid and commended Giadom for the steps taken so far to bring sanity to the party. Eze said the judgment that suspended Oshiomhole was a good recipe for peace in the ruling party which has been enmeshed in a litany of internal hostilities and’ abateable tinderboxes’ orchestrated by the self-styled leadership and administrative incompetence of the former Edo State Governor. He stressed that, “all those appointed and all actions taken by the suspended Chairman, Mr. Oshiomole are products of illegality and a total nullity and therefore cannot stand the heat of the judgement,” and Ajimobi cannot occupy the party’s exalted office. He said Chief Giadom, as the next highest ranking member of the NWC from the South-South Zone, in compliance with the court’s ruling assumes duties as Acting National Chairman of the APC “Any other person parading himself as Acting National Chairman is doing so at his peril and should be regarded as an agent of destabilization,” Eze said. He congratulated the court for what he described as a sound judgment which suspended Oshiomhole both as National Chairman and as a member of ruling APC. Eze expressed sadness that Oshiomhole messed the opportunity given to him to become a statesman and only succeeded in making mockery of himself by exposing his very many leadership deficiencies without remorse. Eze commended party faithful in Edo State for exposing Oshiomhole as an undemocratic, divisive character not worthy of leading a great party like the ruling APC. Eze urged Giadom to consult widely to achieve the target of rebuilding the party brick by brick, while praying for God’s guidance and direction as he opens a new chapter for the APC.