The gubernatorial candidate of the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) in the 2019 general elections in Oyo State, Barrister Sharafadeen Abiodun Alli, on Thursday, declared that Governor Seyi Makinde of the state is yet to fulfil promise made to ZLP one year after the election. Alli alleged that Makinde has reneged on the promise he made to the party before the election. DAILY POST recalls that Alli, Senator Olufemi Lanlehin of African Democratic Congress (ADC) and Chief Bolaji Ayorinde of Social Democratic Party (SDP) jettisoned their ambitions to support Makinde in the March 9th gubernatorial election which saw him (Makinde) winning the election to defeat Chief Adebayo Adelabu of All Progressives Congress (APC). The trio were persuaded by a former governor of the state, Senator Rasidi Ladoja, to jettison their ambitions in a bid to defeat APC. It was gathered that during the merger which, Ied to Makinde’s endorsement as the sole candidate, some agreements were reached with the trio and others who worked for the Governor’s success in the election. It was, however, learnt that a year after the agreements were reached, Makinde has not fulfilled the promise made to ZLP. One of those who agreed to work for Makinde, Alli alleged that up till now, Makinde has not fulfilled the promise he made to ZLP. The former Secretary to Oyo State Government, while reacting to some statements credited to one of the governor’s aides, Babatunde Oduyoye, insisted that most of the assertions made by Oduyoye were not correct especially as it affects ZLP. Alli noted that Makinde promised two slots for the party and 1 for Senator Ladoja, but one year after the promise was made Makinde has not fulfil the promise made to the party. He further revealed that ZLP was promised two commissionership slots and two Special Advisers of which none was fulfilled up till now. Alli said, “My attention has been drawn to a statement credited to one Babatunde Oduyoye, one of the aides of Governor Seyi Makinde. In the first instance, I see it as a mere distraction, but, I need to react in order to put the record straight and enlighten members of the public on the issues of promises made by Governor Seyi Makinde before we agreed to team up with him to defeat APC. “Makinde promised two Commissionership slots for ZLP and one for Chief Ladoja. There is, therefore, no cause for anyone to complain about the one given to Baba Ladoja, he reneged on the promise he made to the party.” Alli, while speaking with journalists in Ibadan, said that he sees the assertion made by Oduyoye as an attempt to cause a crack in the ZLP especially between him and Senator Ladoja. He warned Oduyoye and his co-travellers not to dabble into ZLP politics but face the issues which are already tearing PDP apart. Alli said, “Most of the assertions are not correct especially as it affects ZLP. He promised 2 slots for the party and 1 for Baba. There’s, therefore, no cause for anyone to complain about the one given to Baba Ladoja, he reneged on the promise he made to the party. “I have never been or agreed to be a member of the GAC as stated by Oduyoye. I also see it as an attempt to cause a crack in the ZLP especially between Senator Ladoja and myself. “ZLP was promised two commissioners ship slots and two Special advisers of which none was fulfilled. “Oduyoye also acknowledged the fact that noting was given to ZLP at LG level. I will suggest we limit our reply base on what he said. “Up till this morning, Makinde has not fulfilled the promise made to ZLP. He promised us and he has reneged on the promise. “I am using this avenue to inform our supporters that they should not relent, better days are coming where we will have government that will not disappoint you. It is a matter of time”.