Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA has lamented the takeover of the prosecution of the notorious kidnap kingpin in Taraba State, Alhaji Hamisu Bala (Wadume) by the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice Alhaji Abubakar Malami. HURIWA called on the Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu to ensure that the takeover by Malami does not end up like some other high-profile cases. A lawyer from the Ministry of Justice, Shuaibu Labaran, had on Wednesday, told the Federal High court, Abuja where the case is being handled that Malami is now prosecuting the matter. According to the rights group, the decision of the minister to takeover over the case is suspicious. HURIWA sees the move by Malami as a delay tactics which it described as a grave threat to justice and fairness in the country. It noted that the families of the three police detectives who were killed by soldiers on the alleged orders of Captain Ahmed Tijani Balarabe are yet to find the swift justice that they deserve constitutionally. HURIWA said that the minister had already begun badly in the matter by praying the court for a short adjournment. It said there are insinuations that the case may go the way of the other politically sensitive corruption cases that went through in the hands of the Attorney General. In a statement signed by its National Coordinator, Emmanuel Onwubiko and made available to DAILY POST on Thursday, HURIWA said it is absolutely against these delay tactics and the fact that the President Muhammadu Buhari led government has yet to arrest all the suspects in the matter. It also noted that the accusation that the major culprit in the killing of the police officers has been sent on military course does not seat well in the conscience of the nation and is offensive to the core soul of the Constitution. “Why the takeover by the AGF of this matter? Why did the AGF not take over the case of the billionaire kidnapper arrested in Lagos who is being prosecuted by the Police? Why did the Minister of justice not take over the prosecution of Chukwudimeme Onwuamadike alias Evans, who is being prosecuted by the NPF?” HURIWA wondered. It further queried the interest of the government wondering if it because the kidnap kingpin is known to have built a big mosque and since some top shots in the government are Islamists. HURIWA wondered if the top government officials were packaging a soft landing for the once-beloved patron of their religious sect since Taraba State is about 95 per cent a Christian state. HURIWA cried out that now the trial of the suspected kingpin is almost halfway the Minister has from nowhere showed up to take over the matter. HURIWA said: “Although the AGF represented by an official assured that the ministry would see that justice is done, we as well as right-thinking Nigerians remembering what other cases taken over by the Justice minister had suffered are not comfortable with this politically arranged take over.” The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, had filed a 16-count charge on terrorism, murder, kidnapping and illegal arms running against Wadume and the others.