Popular sensational singer, Davido on Wednesday caused drama on social media after he unfollowed his fiancee, Chioma Rowland and everyone on Instagram. The father of three who used to follow about 5,000 people on Instagram now follows no one. The singer’s action has stirred reactions on social media from Nigerians especially at a time when there are rumours that his relationship with Chioma seems to have crashed. This development is coming after reports emerged on social media that Davido and Chioma broke up due to domestic abuse, adding that the singer also sustained a leg injury in a recent clash between both lovers. However, Chioma, yesterday took to her Instagram page debunking the report. She disclosed that David has never in his entire life lifted a finger against her. Neither the singer nor his crew members have stated the reason why he unfollowed everyone and this has continued to stir reactions from Nigerians who speculate that there is trouble in Davido’s camp. This, however, may be part of Davido’s cleansing therapy which he hinted about in his Instagram post weeks ago. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Donstalo “Can someone please check on Davido. From a concerned fan.” @Peejaybabay “Chioma was the target, he did not want it so obvious so he unfollowed everyone.” @Caustictobs “Wonder why you all are bothered about Davido unfollowing everyone. Come on man will do anything to make his new album sell.” @Aurexconsults “Davido is starting to show signs of depression. They should better check on him before he slips fully in.” @OseaHumen_ “Davido unfollowing everyone on Instagram? Mehn, I really hope he’s okay.” @Real_Theopaid “Oga there’s nothing like difficult times, you people should stop saying rubbish all because somebody decides to unfollow everyone, the world doesn’t revolve around Instagram. Davido is doing well, he’s just taking a break to work on his album, simple as that.” @DanielAgandim “Seems Davido is depressed or something really tough is bothering him, or he probably just needs that mental space, the toxicity on social media is enough reason to be depressed.” @Doyinsoextra “As of this morning, Davido was following five people. Now he is not following anybody. I just hope everything is ok.”