A 36-year-old Medical Doctor working with the Federal Medical Centre, Birnin Kudu in Jigawa State, Dr Naseer Adam, is dead after suffering from COVID-19 related symptoms. The Chairman of the Nigerian Medical Association, Jigawa State, Nura Basirka confirmed the death to DAILY POST. He said the deceased was said to have contracted the virus after he managed a patient with an acute respiratory infection about three weeks ago. ” The patient returned to the hospital again due to worsening breathlessness and after isolation, the patient tested positive for COVID-19. “Four days ago, the doctor started having running nose and dry cough. ”He was later admitted in the Hospital for acute respiratory disease which was later confirmed as COVID-19. Late Mr Adam born in Jos, Plateau State, in 1984, attended Primary and Secondary School in Jos. He graduated from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria in 2012. He did housemanship in the Federal Medical Center, Birnin Kudu. Meanwhile, Jigawa State has also discharged another 22 COVID-19 patients after testing negative. This brings the total number of COVID-19 discharged patients to 181 out of 270 confirmed cases in the state. COVID-19: Two health workers, 42 almajiris test positive in Jigawa Coronavirus: Medical doctor dies in Akwa-Ibom COVID-19: Jigawa discharges four patients since record of index case These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More