A Nigerian Army Captain, Zakari Sani, has appealed to the military hierarchy to come to his aid. The Zaria-born soldier, 32, an officer in the Special Forces Unit, was attacked together with his men by Fulani herdsmen during a military operation in Benue State in August 2018. He was admitted at the Airforce Hospital and Cedar Crest Abuja before he was flown to Egypt for treatment. Captain Sani said his health condition was fast deteriorating a few months after he returned from multiple surgeries in Egypt. He said apart from debts, it has been difficult for him to shoulder the responsibilities of his entire family. “I was about to wed my heartthrob before the Benue attack in 2018. The wedding was abruptly suspended because of my health condition as I currently stay with my parents and siblings, in Zaria”, Sani disclosed. Sani revealed that aside from paying for private physiotherapists who work on him daily, every morning and evening, a nurse comes to wash and dress the outlets of the gunshot wounds that shattered his backbone. “It is just by the grace of God that I can still walk. I don’t know if I can still get married in the current condition. I am supposed to receive an entitlement of 30,000 dollars for treatment. Both the Army and the Defence Headquarters have approved the release of the funds. “But sadly, I am yet to get the money, despite making several attempts. I want to use this medium and occasion, to once again plead with the Nigerian Army and military authorities to come to my aid. Let them facilitate the payment of the 30,000 dollars.” The officer had previously sustained a grievous injury from Boko Haram bomb blast in Maiduguri in 2012 and was flown to India for medical attention which left ear damaged. Sani served in various military operations fighting bandits, kidnappers, militants and terrorists. He participated actively in the North-East, Abuja-Kaduna Highways, the notorious Birnin Gwari axis and the Niger Delta region before his last mission against bandits in Benue.