A Rivers State High Court has granted an ex parte order restraining the Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Victor Giadom from parading himself as national chairman of the ruling party, Channels Television reports. This brings about another twist on the crisis rocking the APC which was intensified by the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the party by the Appeal Court earlier in the week. The presiding judge, Justice Florence Fibresima ruled that Giadom is not qualified to act as the party’s National chairman, having resigned as the APC Deputy National Secretary in 2018 to contest the 2019 general election as Deputy Governor of Rivers State. The court held that following his resignation in 2018, Giadom is no longer a member of the National Working Committee of the ruling party. The Rivers-born politician was also barred by the court from taking any action on behalf of the party in the capacity of National Chairman or Acting National Chairman. Recall that Giadom had on Friday written the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, introducing himself as the Acting National Chairman of the APC. Giadom in the letter he personally signed hinged his introduction on the order of Justice Senchi Bature directing him to act in the capacity of the National Chairman. The battle for Oshiomhole’s temporary replacement began after the party’s National Working Committee, NWC, appointed a former Governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi as the acting National Chairman. However, Giadom insisted that the order of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT High Court issued on March 16, 2020 by Hon. Justice S.U Bature in Suit No. FCT/HC/M/6447/2020 to the effect that he is to act as the National Chairman of the party following the suspension of Oshiomhole remains valid. Giadom later arrived at the APC’s national secretariat Abuja on Wednesday morning where he held a press conference, declaring himself as the authentic acting National Chairman. The situation became messier when the Vice Chairman of the APC (South South) Prince Hilliard Eta, took over as the ruling party’s Acting National Chairman and sacked Giadom as the party’s Deputy National Secretary.