A 19-year-old chemistry student of the University of Ilorin, Ajayi Joshua Oluwatobi, on Tuesday, bagged a nine-month jail-term for defrauding three students seeking hostel accommodation. The charge sheet brought against convicted Oluwatobi by the Ilorin Zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, read, ” That you, Ajayi Joshua Oluwatobi, in the month of November 2019, in Ilorin within the jurisdiction of this honorable court, did cheat by deceiving one Anjorin Oluwabukolami Eniola, a university of Ilorin student, when you fraudulently induced her to pay N45,000 into GT bank account number 045262140 of one Hassan Adefemi Daniel, for hostel accommodation, representation you knew to be false and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 320 of the Penal code and punishable under Section 322 of the same code.” Justice Sikiru Oyinloye of a Kwara state high court in Ilorin, convicted and sentenced the defendant to nine months imprisonment. The trial judge also fined the convict N105,000 to serve as a deterrent to others. Owolabi ran into trouble when the UNILORIN authorities reported his conducts to the EFCC alleging that he defrauded three hostel accommodation seekers. While passing the sentence, Justice Oyinloye said, ” the defendant was brought before this Court on a three-count charge, the charges were read to him and he pleaded guilty. “This court accept the evidence of the prosecution, the one-way testimonies of the sole prosecution witness,” the judge noted. “This honorable court is of the view that the prosecution has proved its case beyond reasonable doubt, the court hereby finds you Ajayi Joshua Oluwatobi guilty of counts 1, 2, and 3. “You are hereby convicted for the offence,” Justice Oyinloye declared. In his allocutos, J A O Ayinde urged the court “to temper justice with mercy and give his client an option of fine rather than custodial sentence.” Responding, the prosecution counsel, Andrew Akoja, said, “My Lord, the issue of sentencing is within the discretion of the court.” Justice Oyinloye sentenced Oluwatobi to three months improvement on counts 1, 2, and 3. He said the sentence would run concurrently with additional fine of N105,000.