Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, a Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress and the former National Publicity of the defunct New Peoples Democratic Party(PDP), says President Muhammadu Buhari’s affirmation of Chief Victor Giadom as the acting National Chairman of APC, would set the pace for reorganization of the party. He urged the APC leadership to put modalities in place to expediently conduct primary elections in Ondo and Edo States to beat the deadline in line with the Independent National Electoral Commission,(INEC) electoral guidelines. Giadom has been publicly backed by President Muhammadu Buhari, who himself was present at the virtual meeting. However, Eze, in a release on Thursday, also said President Buhari has shown respect to the rule of law which will further deepen the tenets of democracy within the APC and Nigeria in general. The Party chieftain counselled Giadom to seize the opportunity to make an indelible footprint by redoubling efforts towards putting things back in shape and help the party retain power in Edo and Ondo States as their election approaches. Eze posited that the challenges before the APC were enormous and suggested that an Extra-Ordinary Emergency Convention be convened to elect fresh National Working Committee, (NWC) members to fill the vacant positions in the party’s national executive. He appealed for the quick conduct of congresses in Rivers to help rebuild and reposition the party in the State. Eze asserted that the exigency of the time makes it imperative for the National Executive Council,(NEC) to extend the stay of Victor Giadom in office as Acting National Chairman to help the party meet up with critical fundamental demands of the season especially, the prerequisites for the upcoming polls in Edo and Ondo States. Eze expressed disappointment over the outburst of Hon. Hillard Eta, South-South Zonal Vice Chairman of the APC on the NEC meeting, describing his comments as disrespectful and a mere dissipation of energy. “For the said Eta to continue to hold a meeting with Oshiomhole’s appointees without the approval of Chief Giadom, is unfortunate and unacceptable. The outburst by Etta is unfortunate. To demonstrate his shameful act, he decided to work with PDP agents to destabilize the APC Chapter in Rivers State, going to the extent of even swearing-in Governor Wike’s political ally, Barrister Worgu as National Deputy Secretary”. Eze, however, called on security agencies to monitor Hilliard Etta and his cohorts closely, claiming that they were hell-bent on destroying the All Progressives Congress,(APC), as a political party to enable them to float a new platform. “The President has received very convincing advice on the position of the law as far as the situation in the party is concerned and has determined that the law is on the side of Victor Giadom as Acting National Chairman”.