Nigerian ex-Mr. Teen, Emmanuel Somto, has vowed to marry famous Nollywood actress, Genevieve Nnaji. Somto is currently one of the most promising male models and pageant kings in Nigeria and is gradually earning the reputation of being the model with notable flicks. Somto, who is the only African model under Apple management, based in Thailand, said that the iconic actress, who is far older than he is, is his choice for a wife. Somto initially won Mister Model Africa, a continental title in Mister Model International pageant in a youtube video. In the interview, Somto talked about his relationship and how he has always loved to be in a relationship with the A-list actress. Miss Nnaji is about 18 years older than the model who insisted he will not allow age affect his feelings for the super actress, citing pop singer Mariah Caray and Nick Cannon as his couple inspiration. “I love to be in a relationship with a strong woman. Someone who would always encourage me and not give up on me. I have had bad experiences and have learnt a lot too. Work has not really allowed me to focus on relationships for now but I am hoping in the nearest future I would look at that. “My kind of woman is Genevieve Nnaji. I grew up watching her movies and have always had this thing for her. She’s 41 and I am 23 which I feel is not an issue. She’s just so special!. Most times, I dream about hanging out and having dinner with her. It’s really crazy, more like a fantasy but I will do anything to marry her. I deeply love her.” Somto has had a share of hard times as a model having initially gone for various pageants before winning his first major crown in 2016 at Mister Teen Nigeria. Sharing his experience as a young model in Imo he said: ” Modelling in Nigeria is quite demanding. Focus is one element that has sustained my passion for this industry. There have been lots of hard times, especially during my formative years. I was rejected by so many agencies, went for various pageants including Glo ultimate model, Mr Tourism Nigeria where I was never placed in any of the categories”. ”At a point, depression started taking shape but God is faithful. All these put me in better shape and made me strive harder. Am grateful for the opportunities and few successes so far, I am hopeful a whole lot is yet to come”. His success in the industry has earned him notable recognition