A chieftain of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Asiwaju Rotimi Ajanaku says the provision of qualitative education and justice to African children is the only way to guarantee global peace. He emphasised that giving qualitative education and justice to African children could be the only antidote to global unrest. Ajanaku was speaking during the commemoration of the 2020 International Day of the African Child. He advised President Muhammadu Buhari and other African leaders to endeavour to provide quality education and ensure justice for the African child. He said, “You wonder why the world is in confusion, why peace is eluding, why we continue losing thousands of lives to the pandemic, or why the economy is crashing across the world? It is not unconnected with the wickedness and selfishness of leaders world over. Especially, the way they discriminate, maltreat, torture, suffer, and kill innocent children of Africa,” Asiwaju Ajanaku explained. “The Europeans and Americans kill till today innocent children of Africa after they have used their fathers as slaves to build their economies, exploited their lands, and carried away their precious wealth for the development of their nations. Justice must be granted to African children for peace to reign in the world”. “African leaders are not left out. African Children are suffering in their fathers’ land, they are not sure of their future. Political leaders in Africa are sitting on the wealth that belongs to the fathers of African children, yet African Children go to bed on empty stomachs. It’s their commonwealth but who will stand in defense of the rights of African Children,” he questioned. “African political leaders are wicked, callous and merciless. When African Children are sick, they leave them to die because the funds meant for equipping hospitals have been embezzled. When African Children are hungry, they allow them to die of starvation because they have diverted agricultural funds to private accounts. “African children are backward educationally, due to poor quality of education (inferior education) provided by their leaders. Even at school African Children are ignored and kept at the mercy of the Parents Teachers Association (PTA). They sit on the bare floor with no writing materials in a dilapidated building with cracked roofs. “The record has it that of the 57 million primary school-age children currently out of school around the world, over half are from sub-Saharan Africa. The current pandemic has also exposed how unfaithful and unfair African leaders are to African children. In some nations, alternative means have been discovered through the use of modern communication gadgets to ensure Children are not educationally backward. “I have asked myself several times, why are African Children facing all sorts of agony, humiliation, deprivation. Many have been killed by even governments in Africa, especially when they rise to defend their rights and future. Ajanaku also called on world leaders to rethink and grant justice to Africans across the world, treat everyone equally and support African children in attaining their potential to grow the world economy.