A middle aged man, popularly known as Engr. Nwibe, was on Tuesday reportedly arrested alongside his nursing wife by Ebonyi State Police command for allegedly masterminding the killing of one late Sam Aleke, a brother to an Ebonyi lawmaker. The couple was accused of poisoning the lawmaker’s brother and thereafter, they conspired and dumped his body in a car. The deceased was the younger brother of Victor Aleke, member of Ebonyi State House of Assembly, representing Ebonyi North West constituency. Speaking to journalists in Abakaliki, the deceased’s brother, Victor Aleke said that the suspects who allegedly poisoned his younger brother were arrested at the weekend by police. The lawmaker said he engaged the services of intelligent agencies who tracked the suspected killers down. He said that the suspect, Nwibo claimed that he met his late younger brother naked with the wife in their matrimonial bed, but that the wife denied such. According to him: “Yes, I caught the people that killed my brother yesterday. They are husband and wife and they have confessed to the crime. The man who helped them is still on the run but the main culprits are in police custody. “The murderers are from Mkpalugwu in Izzi local government Area. The husband was my late brother’s classmate in ESUTH and even the wife came to my brother’s house the morning after they killed him to sympathize with his wife who is also her friend, can you imagine the height of wickedness? “According to the wife in the morning when she was apprehended, she said her husband had earlier told her that he wants to kill my late brother and she asked her husband what was my late brother’s offence, he beat hell out of her and promised to kill her if she disclosed his plan to anyone. “So, he went and bought poison and gave it to her to add to a bottle of coke they gave to my late brother. So, that very Saturday evening, they invited my brother to their house, when he came they offered him drink which he refused and said he will take coke and that woman added the poison to his drink and after drinking the coke, after sometime, he started complaining that his stomach was disturbing him, he collapsed and they took him to his car with some other unidentified persons and made sure he died. “The man who killed my brother is in the same club meeting with me and his wife and my late brother’s wife are in the same meeting also. He was a close friend of the family. “She also confessed that my brother never had any carnal knowledge of her, but the husband at the onset alleged that he doesn’t know anything, until he was tortured, he then confessed to the crime. He said he killed my brother because my brother is calling his wife on the phone and he is sure that my brother has slept with his wife. He also alleged that he caught my brother in his house naked,” he stated. When contacted, the police spokesperson, DSP Loveth Odah, said the command will soon brief journalists on the development as soon the new Commissioner of Police resumed duty today.