The Presidency has come under attack over its recent statement accusing the Nnamdi Kanu-led Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, of setting Nigeria against some of its allies, such as the US, UK and the European Union. Garba Shehu in a statement on Sunday had warned Nigerians and the international community of the move it described as a most misleading campaign wherein IPOB uses false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State. The Presidency claimed that the campaign which had been receiving monthly funding of $85,000 USD since October 2019 had started gaining steam with some officials of the American government, including the Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo. The statement by the Presidency has since been met with controversial reactions from Nigerians. Some took to their social media pages calling on the government to also channel such criticisms and allegations towards Miyetti Allah and Fulani herdsmen allegedly responsible for killings in Kaduna. DAILY POST recalls that National President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, Bello Abdullahi had announced that his organisation hats concluded arrangements to flag-off its own security outfit to be deployed across the country. The Fulani leader said that Nigeria belongs to the Fulanis and they will rule forever. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @MaxiWaltz “Miyetti Allah used national dailies to threaten other part of Nigeria but Shehu Garba is interested in IPOB.IPOB is really giving you guys sleepless night.” @NekkaSmith “Garba Shehu, the Presidency has not said ‘pim’ about the ongoing slaughtering of Southern Kaduna People. Kaduna is a stone throw away from Abuja but your major concern is how IPOB has strianed your US/EU ties.” @Ayemojubar “But this same Garba Shehu kept silent when Miyetti Allah vomited their madness yesterday.It’s shameful this is coming from presidency.” @NkemdiMary “This is just the beginning. You want IPOB to keep quiet whilst you kill Christians in Nigeria? No way! @honilatte “Miyetti Allah said some dangerous words some days back but your madness didn’t allow you see it.We can’t be fooled Garba Shehu.” @DynamiteAsegun “Of course, a regular bullhorn of a jihadi enabler will always deny the reality of the persecution of Christians in the North. He’s tilting IPOB as a scapegoat, but would never use the same harsh words for Boko Haram or killer herdsmen.” @Giftairwaves “Why bring in religion into IPOB struggle? Will it be proper to say Miyetti Allah is using Islam to wage war against the Nigerian state? Please stop waging war against Christians.” @TheRoy “The Buhari regime has sympathy and spot for the North but contempt and aggression for the SouthEast. Why hasn’t it declared the murderous Fulani herdsmen terrorists, and why is it busy letting Boko Haram murderers off the hook to walk the streets freely in mockery of those they killed? @IconicNino “Garba Shehu uncovered plots by Nnamdi Kanu/IPOB to set Nigeria against US, UK, others. But did not uncover plots to stop and bring to book the Fulani herdsmen militia that are massacring Christians in Kajuru Southern Kaduna and other parts of Nigeria and taking over their lands.”