Nigerian music star, Tobechukwu Victor Okoh, popularly known as Peruzzi has reacted to allegations of rape against him. The alleged victim, simply identified as Princess, on Wednesday took to her Twitter page @Jayamah22, accusing Peruzzi of raping her. According to her, the music star forcefully had sex with her sometime in 2012. She disclosed that she decided to make it known publicly because of the experiences of rape victims being shared online. “One time in 2012, I can’t really remember the date and the month. But I accompanied a friend “Aisha” to 1004. As at then, I think she had a thing with Peruzzi, I accompanied her there and we spent a night that day and I stayed in the same room with Aisha and Peruzzi. “In the night, he started touching me without my consent, I tried to tell him that it was wrong and besides he has a girlfriend lying in between. So I left the room and went to sleep in the mini parlour upstairs, I had to leave the room because I was not comfortable anymore. “Deep asleep, I felt someone trying to unbuckle my pants and then I woke up. And I’m like ‘Peruzzi can’t do that, it is wrong’, that is when we started struggling and he was ‘PRESSING ON MY NECK’ “Told me I should chill that he likes me, all this kind of shit and I’m like Yo! “I’M NOT INTERESTED.” “At that point, struggling was very stressful, you know he tore my underwear and he raped me,” her tweet read. But, reacting in a post on his Twitter page, Peruzzi described the allegations making the rounds as false. He announced that he has never raped anyone. His tweet read: “My name is Okoh Tobechukwu, I have never and will never be a rapist.” Nigerians, in the past few days, alongside prominent figures called for an end to rape in the country. The call became necessary after the murder of one Vera Omozuwa who was raped and killed by unknown persons in a church in Benin. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More