The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has demanded an immediate refund of the over N100 million collected from job seekers last year August, under the pretence of giving them jobs in Ekiti State The PDP said although Gov Fayemi sacked over 3,500 workers in the State public service as well as the Ekiti State University and Teaching Hospital, he has refused to employ anyone since last year August after employment forms were sold to over 100,000 job seekers. In a statement on Monday, by Secretary of the Ekiti State Caretaker Committee of the PDP, Prince Diran Odeyemi, the party said: “It appears the recruitment exercise done by the State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM) and Civil Service Commission has turned out to be a scam, the over N100 million fraudulently collected from job seekers by the State government must be refunded.” Odeyemi, who said it was painful that a governor who prides himself as a democrat could throw over 3,500 families in the State into anguish by sacking people duly employed, added that “With his anti-people policies, Governor Fayemi has no doubt remained the greatest pain in the neck of Ekiti and its people.” “Since 1999, the only time recruitments were made into Ekiti State public service was during PDP governments”. “Painfully, during Fayemi’s first tenure as governor, workers were sacked while no single recruitment was made. Those who were not sacked were demoted, using various untenable excuses and tactics, including a competency test which was rejected by teachers. “In this his second tenure, Fayemi has not only lived up to his incompetence by first sacking over 2,000 workers employed in 2018 by the PDP government of Gov Ayodele Fayose, and later over 1,500 workers of the State University that were employed in 2016 and 2017, and defrauded over 100,000 unemployed Ekiti youths with fake recruitment exercise. “It is now 10 months since these unemployed youths were made to pay N1,080 each for employment form, with other undisclosed payments, yet, no single person has been employed and nothing has been said by the government”. “Our demand as a responsible opposition party and on behalf of the unemployed is that, since it has become obvious that no employment will be made by the All Progressives Congress (APC) government of Gov Fayemi, money collected from the poor job seekers must be refunded,” he said. Countering the PDP’s position, the All Progressives Congress APC) spokesperson in Ekiti, Hon Ade Ajayi, said the ruling party was not ready to dignify the PDP with a response. He said: ” We are not ready to dignify PDP with a response, because we are currently busy joining Governor Kayode Fayemi to find solutions to COVID 19 Pandemic that has affected some people in the state. “PDP might be insensitive, but APC is not. Our main preoccupation now is how to defeat this pandemic and not playing politics with the lives of the people. “But let me assure the people that we shall reply to this shameless party at the appropriate time. “We will let them know that the APC was more beneficial and kind to Ekiti people than PDP and that accounted for why Governor Fayemi was reelected in 2018”, he said.