Three persons suspected to be cultists have been arrested by men of the Ondo State Police Command over the killing of a 20-year-old man identified as Adeola Omowomo. The killing of the young man occurred in the Zion area of Igbokoda, headquarters of Ilaje Local Government Area of Ondo State on June 8, 2020. It was gathered that the deceased was kidnapped by the suspected cultists who are said to be members of ‘Aiye’ when he accompanied his friend to buy some items. The suspects identified as Ibojo Emmanuel, Ebietomi Olatunji, Akintubuwa Omolade and Austin Ibinuolapo were reported to have killed and buried the victim in four different places. His friend was said to have alerted the deceased family of the incident after escaping with serious injuries Meanwhile, the men of the state police command had begun investigation over the incident with the corpse already exhumed. Confirming the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Tee-Leo Ikoro said the three suspects were in the custody of the State Criminal Investigation Department of the command. Also, the Caretaker Chairman of Ilaje Local Government, Otito Atikase who also confirmed the incident said “A few days ago, Ibojo Emmanuel, a.k.a Aji, Ebietomi Olatunji, Akintubuwa Omolade and Austin Ibinuolapo who are alleged members of a cult group known as Aiye were arrested in connection with the alleged killing of a presumed innocent soul in Igbokoda. “This group has been allegedly operating from market street, Igbokoda for some time now. Several efforts had been made to get them arrested without success until now. “According to the confessions of the alleged cult members, they dismembered the boy and buried him in four different places. The Ilaje Local Government has commissioned the Environmental officials to help the police exhume the remains of the boy. “We want to assure our people that with their cooperation we are ready to do more. Intelligence gathering is key, you should not hesitate to give out information where necessary. “As a government, we shall deal with anyone in this category irrespective of his status in the society. We shall only spare those who respect the law and humanity,” Atikase said.