Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Justice Mohammed Abubakar of the Federal High Court sitting in Abeokuta, Ogun State, has jailed sixteen internet fraudsters. The judge gave his ruling on Friday. Those convicted were found guilty of criminal impersonation and possession of documents containing false pretences. The convicts were sentenced to months in prison. While some got 11 months jail term, others are to spend six and 2 months in prison. 2. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has berated President Muhammadu Buhari over alleged insecurity across the country. The party noted that the Buhari-led government has completely collapsed. The opposition party in a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiya, condemned the increasing killings, armed robbery and kidnapping activities in Kaduna and Kogi States. The party lamented Buhari’s inability to take decisive steps to curb incessant killings across the country. 3. A House of Representatives member, Ahmed Jaha (APC-Borno), has apologised for the comments he made at Thursday’s plenary. Speaking to newsmen on Saturday, Jaha had advised women to dress properly to avoid harassment from men who could not control themselves. But lawmaker representing Chibok, Damboa, Gwoza Federal Constituency of Borno, said he regretted making such a statement. 4. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) on Saturday night confirmed 329 new cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria. NCDC made the confirmation in a post on its official Twitter handle. It said Lagos State recorded the highest number with 66 cases, FCT had 50, while Delta State followed with 32. With this development, the total number of confirmed cases in the country now stands at 12,233. 5. The Sokoto State government has confirmed that eleven out of the 33 deported almajiris from Kaduna State have tested positive for COVID-19. The announcement was made in a statement by the states Ministry of Health and posted on its Twitter handle on Saturday. 6. The Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Abdulrosheed Adewale Akanbi, has tasked the Federal Government to legalize the use of stun guns and pepper spray for females as self-defence against rape. The monarch opined that having stun gun or pepper spray would help curtail rape cases. A statement released by monarch’s press secretary, Alli Ibraheem, stated the call becomes necessary in order to protect women. 7. The Federal Government has clarified that President Muhammadu Buhari is not planning to absorb some N-Power volunteers into the Federal Civil Service on June 12. This was cleared in a statement signed by the Deputy Director, Information of the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Rhoda Iliya, on Saturday. Iliya described the rumours making the rounds as “fake news”. 8. Former Vice President and presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the 2019 general elections, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has accused the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, of resisting the removal of fuel subsidy during the administration of ex-President, Olusegun Obasanjo. Atiku, who recalled that he headed the negotiations with the Nigerian Labour Congress, NLC, with Oshiomhole as the Chairman, said the current APC Chairman stood strongly against it. He disclosed this in a statement on Twitter. 9. The Independent National Electoral Commission has said it will only honour the mode of primary submitted to it by the national chairman of the party. This is coming amid the disagreement resulting from the mode of primaries proposed in both Edo and Ondo States. INEC’s National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, disclosed this on Sunday. 10. A coronavirus patient was on Saturday evening arrested at the popular Oja-Oba market in Akure, the Ondo State capital. The patient, a female was caught selling second-hand clothes popularly known as ‘okrika’ in the market. It was gathered that the patient had been diagnosed with the deadly disease in Imo State before escaped to Akure, the Ondo State capital without submitting herself for treatment. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr. Wahab Adegbenro explained that both Imo and Ondo governments mounted surveillance for her, and she was traced to Oja-Oba where she was eventually picked up.