A Damaturu Magistrate Court has convicted a Yobe University student for criminal intimidation and attempt to kidnap unsuspecting members of the public through outwit and threats. ASP Dungus Abdulkarim, Public Relations Officer, Yobe State Police Command disclosed this to DAILY POST in Damaturu on Thursday. He said the convict, one Ibrahim Suleiman, was a student of Yobe State University who specialized in sending threat text messages to his unsuspecting victims who are mostly students of the State University as well as those in the School of Nursing and Midwifery in Damaturu. According to ASP Abdulkarim, Suleiman was arrested by the police on June 18th, 2020 after an investigation established that he specialized in sending text messages of threat to his victims. “The suspect was nabbed based on intelligence information gathered by the Police State Intelligence Bureau (SIB). “The suspect is a habitual criminal working in hiding for a long period of time and causing serious psychological discomfort to many of his victims, until recently when police of the command trailed, arrested and prosecuted him before the Chief Magistrate Court Damaturu where he was convicted and fined with N20,000”, he said. The PPRO stressed that, Yobe State Police Command has set strategies in motion to fight crimes in the state. Similarly, Yobe Police Command is currently investigating a case of abduction at the state CID. The case was transferred from Dapchi Divisional Police Headquarters. ASP Dungus Abdulkarim revealed this to newsmen in Damaturu. He said, “The victim, a 17-year-old Hussaina Peter left her parents’ house on 14 June, 2020 and went to her friend’s house, pretending that she was tired of her parents’ torture and other irritating attitudes towards her. “The father of Miss Hussaina’s friend; one Bashir Manszo allowed her to stay in his house for more than five days without letting the authorities know or her parents. Eventually, the victim’s father got information of his daughter’s whereabouts which is Bashir Manszo’s house”. According to him, an investigation into the matter has since commenced as the victim’s father (Mr Peter) alleged that his daughter was taken to a certain place in Damaturu to be converted to Islam. “This is to bring it to the media notice that the command is investigating a case of abduction, not religious affairs and that after investigation, the case will be charged to court,” ASP Abdulkarim explained.