Former BBNaija housemate, Khafi Kareem, has revealed that she was raped sometime ago. In the past few days, the social media has been filled with calls from prominent figures against rape. This was triggered by the news of one 22-year-old 100-level student of the University of Benin, Edo State who was raped and killed by unknown persons while reading in RCCG church in Benin city. Speaking on the incident, Khafi admitted that she has been raped too, but never reported her rapist. According to her, she did not report the case because her rapist apologized later and she was blamed for getting raped after she told someone about the incident. The reality star added that she decided to share her story at such a time to give hope to other victims to speak up about their own experiences. On her Twitter page, Khafi wrote: ‘#WhyIDidntReport my rape case was because he apologised right after, because I made myself believe him being drunk was an excuse. Because the one person I did tell said I caused it. Because I felt dirty and ashamed. “This happened to me and I’m sharing in the hope that others like me will feel no shame in sharing what happened to them. Please don’t deflect or say it is not my story when it was already hard enough sharing it.” Meanwhile, one of the suspects responsible for raping and killing Uwa has been arrested by the Edo state police commmand. Confirming the arrest, Spokesman of Edo Police Command, Chidi Nwabuzor told newsmen in the state that the suspect was arrested after the fingerprint on the fire extinguisher she was attacked with was examined. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More