The National Security Adviser (NSA), Major- Gen. Babagana Munguno (rtd) and Security Chiefs on Wednesday visited Katsina state over fresh attacks in the state by bandits. Munguno, who led the team on a sympathy visit to Gov. Aminu Masari, said the delegation was dispatched on the authority of President Muhammadu Buhari to commiserate with the government and people of the state, NAN reports. The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Muhammad Adamu, the Chief of Defence Intelligence, AVM Muhammad Usman, the Director-General of National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Ahmad Rufai and the Director, Department of State Security (DSS) Yusuf Bichi accompanied Mungono on the visit. The NSA noted that part of their mandate was also to meet with the governor and relevant stakeholders, to enable them map out strategies on the way forward and proffer solutions to the unfortunate occurrences. The NSA told the people that President Buhari was sad over the security challenges in Katsina State, northwest region and other parts of the country. “As professionals in security matters; we will not relent in our efforts to ensure that we nip the evil in the bud,” he added. Munguno revealed that the team had assessed the security situation on ground, adding that more strategies would be adopted to tackle the situation. Munguno and the Security Chiefs also paid a condolence visit to the Emirs of Katsina, Alhaji Abdulmumin Usman and Daura, Alhaji Faruk Umar-Faruk. Munguno told the monarchs that they were in the state on the presidential order to commiserate with people of the state. He reiterated the Federal Government’s commitment to end the bandits’ attack and restore peace to the state. Responding, Usman who spoke on behalf of the two emirs thanked the delegation for the visit, adding that some disgruntled elements were sabotaging President Buhari’s administration ‘s effort toward peacebuilding in the state. Meanwhile, Nigerian Police earlier arrested Nastura Ashir Sharif, over the massive Katsina protest against President Muhammadu Buhari. Sharif, a leader of the Coalition of Northern Groups (CNG), led the peaceful demonstration following the fresh bandit attacks and killings in the state.