Market Conditions during the Covid-19 pandemic With the emergence and spread of Covid-19 on a global scale, the world’s economy, and financial markets in particular have seen severe implications. Whether stocks or Forex, traders have been left with great uncertainty as to whether they should pull away completely to prevent substantial losses, or whether they should seek opportunities for investment during these uncertain, trying times. Volatility has increased significantly in all financial markets, but more especially in the stocks and Forex markets respectively due to the fluctuation of prices, loss of shares, lower revenues due to decreased income avenues, and more. Risk management is a crucial component in trading, despite considering the challenging financial times with the global pandemic. Nigerian traders who want to seek opportunities in unsteady, volatile markets need consider this before making any trading decisions. When considering current market conditions, Nigerians need to revisit and adjust their risk management plans to compensate for circumstances that are outside normal risk parameters to ensure that they minimize the risk of substantial losses during this time. The Forex and Stock Market are two of the largest financial markets and both markets have seen substantial growth in the past few months from where they were a few months ago. The S&P 500 index has seen significant growth of around 50% when compared to January 2017 and within May, the index is up another 5.9% with the Forex market is seeing various price moves in currencies as frequently as several times within a day. Despite the volatile conditions, traders still have a variety of reasons to start trading during the pandemic, allowing them to benefit from conditions in Forex while looking toward investing in stocks of companies set to emerge from the pandemic even stronger. The fastest growing forex trading platform during Covid-19 was Exness – read the full Exness review here. Why should Nigerian traders invest in stocks during Covid-19? When considering that Nigerian traders need to evaluate companies and their past performance to determine whether their stocks would be worth buying, evaluating such companies and their performance during Covid-19 may also indicate such. Companies that were doing well before the pandemic, whose shares are still holding strong and are showing a rise in value are surely set to show continued performance post-Covid-19 and they are definitely worth considering. 1. There are companies that are benefitting from the pandemic A lot of companies have been negatively affected by the pandemic, albeit facing permanent shutdown due to a significant loss of income without the hope of enduring until business can return to normal. There are, however, companies that have been doing very well, even better than before the pandemic and this has provided them with a strong financial position, with shares greatly increasing in value, meaning a greater chance of higher returns for investors. Nigerian traders can look at buying the following shares during Covid-19: · Healthcare companies such as Gilead Sciences (GILD), Clorox (CLX), and Teladoc (TDOC) · Companies that cater for those working from home such as Slack Technologies (WORK), Zoom Video Communications (ZM), and Citrix Systems (CTXS) · Streaming services such as Netflix (NFLX) · Video game companies such as Activision Blizzard (ATVI) and Electronic Arts (EA), and various others. 2. Bearish investors and a Bullish Signal The ratio pertaining to bull/bear is at the lowest of readings since 1987, by 3%, which indicates bearish stock buyers, and this bodes well for Nigerian investors who want to buy stocks as the extreme readings of sentiment are indicating bullish signals. 3. An upward momentum is becoming apparent The stock market is currently showing an upward moment as result of stocks that keep moving in the same direction in expectation of a continued movement in an upward direction unless a significant event brings them to a halt. Why should Nigerian traders trade Forex during Covid-19? When compared to other markets, the Forex Market has remained stable despite the global pandemic, with the exception that volatility is the highest it has been in awhile and there are power battles between currencies such as EUR and USD. USD is the prevailing major currency on the Forex Market, despite the challenges faced during the past few months as the virus has surged through numerous countries, affecting economic conditions and the value of local currency against the USD and other FX Majors. View the Best Forex Trading Brokers in Nigeria https://www.opinionfacts.com/best-forex-trading-brokers-nigeria/ But despite this, the Forex Market has been considered the saving grace of the global economy, and alongside stocks, is a financial instrument that Nigerian traders can turn to during this time for various reasons. 1. The Forex Market is the largest and most liquid market The Forex Market sees transactions in the constant exchange in currencies to the value of around USD 5.3 trillion every day. With the sheer size of the market and the continuous amount of transactions, the Forex Market is also the most liquid, which ensures that trades can be executed faster and that transaction fees are much lower on Forex than any of the other financial instruments. 2. Fluctuations can result in more profitable trades With the market volatility peaking during the Covid-19 pandemic, Nigerian traders can benefit greatly from this as there are more opportunities created from which great profits can be gained. Traders who especially rely on trading strategies formulated to accommodate these volatile conditions will have greater opportunities to buy and sell assets as profits. It however remains imperative that Nigerian traders stay up to date with financial news now more than ever when speculating price movements so that they can adequately adapt trading strategies where needed to avoid incurring substantial losses. 3. The Forex Market can be accessed at any time, from anywhere Despite the different tie zones around the world, the Forex Market is open 24/5, making it easy for Nigerian traders to trade at any given time. When one market closes in one time zone, another, or a few others open or are still open. The Forex Market is easy to access and there are a variety of reputable, well-regulated Forex Brokers who cater for a variety of traders, from beginners to professional traders and the cost of trading can start from as little as $1 depending on the broker. Brokers often offer a variety of trading platforms that Nigerian traders can access either from a desktop PC, a laptop, tablet, and smartphones. Final Thoughts Derived form numerous analysis done on the pandemic; expectations are that Covid-19 will be present around the globe for some time to come. Nigerian traders who want to start trading whether to secure additional income, or to improve existing capital, have the chance to do so by either investing in stocks, or by starting to trade Forex. There are always risks involved when trading financial instruments, and it is imperative that Nigerian traders formulate a trading plan which outlines their financial objectives, limitations, and their risk management portfolio to mitigate any risks that can result in loss. By buying stocks in companies that are set to prevail and continue with strong financial performance, and trading in Forex, Nigerian traders can open various avenues for consistent profits as well as long-term wealth provision and management.