Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari’s aides against undermining Aisha Buhari’s office as Nigeria’s First Lady. The senior lawyer noted that recent reports coming from the Presidential Villa are clear indications that some aides of the President are undermining Aisha and her office. Bamgbose noted that despite the fact that the position of the First Lady in the country is not an elected one and only ceremonial with uncodified or officially defined roles, the person occupying the office deserves respect and honour. “The recent and past developments have clearly shown that the aides to the President have been undermining the Office of the First Lady and the person behind the office, Aisha Buhari,” Bamgbose said in a statement to DAILY POST on Friday. “This is obviously not a good development. This might ultimately create a bad impression of the Presidency to other countries and individuals. “One will frankly expect the aides to be courteous and cautious. Confronting the First Lady is never the best in any circumstances. The recent arrest of the Aides of the First Lady should have been prevented. “The best way to tackle an issue is to do such privately and not publicly. Nobody is indeed above the law, no doubt about that, however one would have expected that issues should be resolved amicably and at the same time, justly. What touches the First Lady will equally affect the Presidency. “Her position as First Lady may not be recognized by the Constitution, but she deserves respect as the wife of the President. “Issues should not be allowed to descend to the public domain before they are resolved. The Aides should accord the Office of the First Lady reasonable respect and dignity,” he stated. DAILY POST recalls that there was a recent shooting incident in the Presidential Villa as a result of a clash between the First Lady and some Personal Assistants to the President. Aisha later cried out over the arrest and detention of her Aide-de-camp and others by the Inspector-General of Police. Later on, a Senior Special Assistant to the President, Garba Shehu, defended President Muhammadu Buhari’s Private Secretary and nephew, Yusuf Sabiu (aka Tunde), against Nigeria’s First Lady Aisha Buhari in the face off. 