Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, on Wednesday confirmed 409 COVID-19 cases in the country. The agency on its official Twitter page said Lagos recorded 201 cases, while Abuja followed with 85, bringing to 13,873 the number of total cases in Nigeria. 2. Nigeria on Wednesday recorded 17 COVID-19 related deaths. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, while confirming 409 fresh COVID-19 cases in the country, said Nigerian hada total of 365 deaths as of Tuesday, however, it jumped to 382 on Wednesday. 3. An Election Tribunal on Wednesday upheld the election of Senator Smart Adeyemi of Kogi West and dismissed Dino Melaye’s petition seeking for him to be declared the winner of the election. A three-man panel of judges in a unanimous ruling said Melaye and the PDP failed to validate their claims in the petition to warrant granting their appeal. 4. COVID-19 may lead to the loss of 13 million jobs in Nigeria, the World Food Programme (WFP) of the United Nations (UN) said on Wednesday. According to WFP’s Senior Spokesperson, Elisabeth Byrs, more than $182m is needed to sustain life-saving aid to Nigeria over the next six months. 5. The World Health Organisation, WHO, has revealed the likely source of the new outbreak of Ebola virus in Republic of Congo. Director-General, Dr.Tedros Ghebreyesus, on Wednesday, said the new Ebola virus is likely from an animal source. 6. The dethroned Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, has appealed judgement delivered at a Federal High Court against his fundamental human right allegedly infringed by Kano Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Body. In a motion of notice, the dethroned Emir Counsels, Diko and Muhmud, said, On 8th June, 2020 Court 1, a Federal High Court sitting in Kano presided over by Hon. Justice A. Lewis-Allagoa, delivered a judgment dismissing in suit No. FHC/KN/CS/54/2020 instituted by His Highness, Muhammad Sanusi, II, CON seeking for the enforcement of his fundamental right to fair hearing. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari says he is deeply shocked by the brutal killing of scores of people by the Boko Haram/Islam in West Africa Province (ISWAP) in Gubio village, Borno State. Buhari said he is expecting a detailed briefing by Governor Babagana Zulum on the outcome of his visit to the affected communities. 8. University of Ibadan (UI) has confirmed that Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, graduated from the institution. The Registrar, Mrs Olubunmi Faluyi, said the governor gained admission to the University in 1976. 9. Four persons were reportedly killed while eight others are said to be critically injured after suspected Boko Haram insurgents attacked travelers along the Maiduguri-Damboa road in the northeast, Nigeria. According to a local vigilante, who identified himself as Mohammed Goni, the travelers attacked include some humanitarian workers. 10. The Nigerian Army has confirmed the attack and killings in Faduma village of Gubio Local Government Area of Borno state in the northeast Nigeria. In a statement from Sagir Musa Colonel, Acting Director Army Public Relations issued to newsmen in Maiduguri, the Nigerian Army said, it is deeply saddened by the unfortunate incident, in which suspected retreating Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists with a few sleeper cells within communities ambushed and killed innocent women and children in Faduma Koloram village, Gubio LGA of Borno State.