The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Oyo State chapter has inaugurated a 12-man Labour/Civil Society Situation Room committee to guard against any form of salary cut and lay off of workers. NLC said it is inaugurating the committee due to the poor economic condition of the state occasioned by Coronavirus pandemic. The state NLC Chairman, Adebayo Titilola-Sodo, while inaugurating the body at the NLC Secretariat, Ibadan, noted that the committee would provide advisory services to the government on the best economic approach towards the gradual and systematic opening up of the economy in the state. Titilola-Sodo while speaking during the inauguration declared that the situation room would serve as an engine room for information dissemination and sensitization of workers and other residents of the state. He revealed that one of the duties of the committee is to protect jobs, wages, and means of livelihood of Nigerians. He added that the committee would also serve as a think-tank to liaise and advise the government on strategies going forward. The NLC Chairman who said that the body would lubricate its feedback relationship with workers, their unions, government and employers in the private sector, appealed to all and sundry to join hands to achieve the desired target. Titilola-Sodo said: “The Situation Room will serve as an engine room for information dissemination and sensitization of workers and citizens on the COVID-19 reality, prevalence, prevention and containment measures. “To embark on advocacy and social dialogue with government and private sector employers to promote public health and employment/income protection for workers. It will also partner with all relevant stakeholders in the state to enable it achieve set objectives. “To maintain surveillance on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the workforce and adopt appropriate positions. “To support workers who are in the front line of the COVID-19 with information and occupational safety kits. To maintain a feedback relationship between workers, organizations, government and employers in the private sector. DAILY POST reports that the committee has Titilola-Sodo as Coordinating Chairperson, Comrade Femi Aborisade from the Civil Society as Vice-chairman while NLC Secretary Comrade Ibrahim Mohammed will serve as Secretary.