Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, former Kaduna State lawmaker, Shehu Sani, and Popular actress, Kate Henshaw have reacted to the death of Nigerian music legend, Majekodunmi Fasheke, popularly known as Majek Fashek. DAILY POST had reported that the legendary singer died at the age of 57. Fashek’s death was confirmed by his manager, Omenka Uzoma, on the late singer’s official Instagram page. The post on Instagram read: “I have had pressure calls, well, it is true that the African No 1 Legendary ICON has gone to be with the LORD his Maker. “Let us use today to celebrate him, his achievements, and his family.” Reacting to the sad news, Obaseki, in a tweet on his official Twitter handle, on Monday, said Fashek would be remembered for his disarming craft and skill. He wrote: “I mourn the death of quintessential, maverick musician and Edo son, Majek Fashek. “Fashek, who took the world by storm with his enigmatic talent, remains one of the finest cultural icons of his age and would be remembered for his disarming craft and skill.” Also reacting, Keyamo tweeted: “R.I.P. my big brother, Mr Majekodunmi Fasheke (aka Majek Fashek), the ‘Rain Maker’ and extraordinarily gifted musician. They don’t make them like you anymore. Your remake of the song Hotel California remains one of my favourites and, of course, the evergreen, Send Down the Rain!” In the same vein, Sani tweeted: “Some years ago I met Majek Fashek near a train station in New York b4 he returned to Nigeria. He was a shadow of the man; many of us loved decades ago. “Majek rode through rough & dangerous terrain in Life. He tried to pick up & now is gone. He was an unforgettable legend. R.I.P.” Similarly, Henshaw wrote: “Multiple musical notes. The sky looks misty and cloudy and looks like the rain’s gonna fall today—multiple musical notes. “R.I.P. Majek Fashek… I pray you finally rest well. Thank you for the great songs. Thank you for using your talent to bring smiles on our faces.”