A socio-political organization, South-East APC Youth Integrity Group, has berated the alleged marginalization of founding members of the All Progressives Congress(APC), in Imo State by the current government led by Governor Hope Uzodinma. This is even as the APC group decried the ill-treatment allegedly meted on ex-Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, Senator Ifeanyi Araraume, Prince Madumere and Ugwumba Uche Nwosu, by the current Uzodinma-led administration, insisting that many of its founding leaders and stakeholders have been deliberately dislocated by the government in the area of party decision-making and sensitive appointments. The APC youth group, in a statement signed by its President, Chika John Uzondu and the Publicity Secretary, Martins Oputa, and forwarded to newsmen on Wednesday, posited that it
was concerned in order to avert crisis in the fold of the All Progressives Congress in Imo State and the South East zone as a whole. According to the body, “The crisis that has engulfed APC in Edo and Ondo States may replicate itself in Imo, if the Governor does not immediately take steps to arrest the ugly trend of festering mistrust, disunity and humiliation meted to critical leaders of the Party in the state. “Also, as founding youth leaders of the All Progressives Congress in the South East, who stood in defence of the party’s interests, even when it was most unpopular to do so in our part of the country, we feel it is expedient to call your attention to some salient issues in the party, in your State. Imo, being the only state in the South East under the APC, should have been the state where the party is most vibrant in the region, but we have observed most unfortunately, that this is not the case. “While, you may have emerged as the governor through your personal efforts and those of your very close associates in Abuja and elsewhere outside Imo State, we must remind you that you wouldn’t have been made governor, if some people had not sacrificed time and resources to build the APC on whose platform you became governor. If these individuals had not sustained the party in the State, especially, within the seven months of PDP’s stint in power, you wouldn’t have seen anyone to celebrate your hard-fought and controversial victory at the Supreme Court with you”. Meanwhile, Governor Hope Uzodinma, had shortly after his inauguration, disclosed that he had visited leaders from the political class and the party was properly reconciling. He said, “Twenty-seven members of the House of Assembly, 25 are now APC members, they have decamped to APC. So APC is building and the momentum is growing by the day. So the issue of reconciliation is being given serious attention. Nobody will be left out”.