Asari Dokubo, former Niger Delta People’s Volunteer Force, NDPVF, has accused Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, of collecting money from Southeast governors running into “hundreds of millions.” Dokubo made the accusation while insisting that Kanu’s days are numbered he would soon be disgraced and punished publicly. The former Niger Delta militant leader made the remark while denying allegation from IPOB members that he collected the sum of N20m from Kanu. In a video he posted on his Facebook page, on Monday, Dokubo also accused Kanu of betraying IPOB members to the Department of State Services, DSS. According to Dokubo: “Nnamdi Kanu, your followers have challenged me that if I did not collect N20m from you I should swear by the Qur’an, I swear by the Qur’an that I never collected N20m from you or any of your members. “I never betrayed any of your members, you sent them to me and they left, as we speak I have about 18 IPOB members staying in my house because of the love and trust they have for me. So many IPOB members, BSS Commanders come to me and even beg me not to talk. “I swear, if I collected any money or betrayed any Biafran, may Allah punish me in this world and the one after. “I also now ask Kanu to swear if you have not being collecting monies from all the governors of the Igbo states and beyond running into hundreds of millions. “Swear that you have never betrayed IPOB members to the DSS, I know that whether you swear or not your days are numbered. “You will soon be punished and the whole world would see your disgrace. I stand my the Quran and maintain that if I ever demanded N200m and you gave me N20m, may Allah punish and disgrace me in this world and the one thereafter.” Reacting to the allegation, Kanu insisted that he gave Dokubo money. He, however, claimed he stopped giving Dokubo money when he realised that former warlord was a “full time Fulani Caliphate agent.” In a statement he signed and sent to DAILY POST, Kanu said: “NO IGBO MAN DEAD OR ALIVE HAVE DONE WHAT MAZI NNAMDI KANU HAS DONE FOR THE BIAFRANS ~ Asari Dokubo “Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is a man to be respected~ Asari Dokubo “Nnamdi Kanu meant well for all of us. He wants freedom for all Biafrans~Asari Dokubo “Nnamdi Kanu is the man to be respected~Asari Dokubo “All the above quotes as captured in this video below were when I used to give him money but as soon as I discovered he is a full time Fulani Caliphate agent and stopped, his petulance and name-calling started. You can take a man out of the Zoo but you can’t take the Zoo out of a man. “Tomorrow, Wednesday, 3 June, 2020 at 7pm here on Facebook LIVE, we shall bury the illegitimate government of Aisha Buhari along with all saboteurs within and without, armed with nothing other than the shield of TRUTH and the sword of facts and figures.”