Ondo State Security Network Agency, codenamed Amotekun Corps has ‘arrested’ 42 cows for destroying farmlands around Alagbaka extension in Akure, the Ondo State capital. Confirming the arrest, the state Commander, Amotekun Corps, Chief Adetunji Adeleye, explained that the cows were arrested after a series of complaints by owners of the farmlands within the Alagbaka axis. According to him, over eight separate farmlands with crops such as maize and cassava were completely destroyed by Fulani herdsmen who usually graze their cows around the affected area. The Corps Commander noted that the herders who were heavily armed chased away the farm owners who later contacted the Amotekun Corps. He added that on sighting the owners of the affected farmlands, the heavily armed herders attempted to kill them but the farmers ran for their dear lives. Chief Adeleye also revealed that when the joint security network including Agro-Rangers of the NSCDC got to the scene, the herders again attempted to attack them but they were overpowered by the security operatives, leading to the arrest of the cows, while the herders took to their heels. He warned Fulani herdsmen in the state to desist from destroying another man’s property but rather rear their cows in confined areas to avoid wanton destruction of farmlands in any part of the state. The Corps Commander, equally advised farmers not to resort to self-help anytime they see cows destroying their crops but alert the Corps for necessary actions. Chief Adeleye who decried the level of destruction to the farmlands said the owners of the cows would be made to pay for the crops destroyed and subsequently face prosecution. In their separate responses, two of the farmers, including Loveday Job and Olawale Aluko, who narrated their ordeals said the herders have consistently grazed their cows on their farmlands, and that all complaints made to security agencies in the past have not yielded positive results. They appealed to the Amotekun Corps Commander to save them from the incessant attacks and harassment from Fulani herdsmen, saying the herders have destroyed their means of livelihood.