The Police Command in Benue State, on Thursday, presented to newsmen four suspected rapists and 32 others said to be involved in kidnapping, armed robbery, cultism and mischief in the state. The Commissioner of Police, Mr. Mukaddas Garba, who presented the suspects in Makurdi said that on June 5, a report was received at the B Division Police Station, Makurdi that a man (name withheld), lured a six-year-old child to his house and defiled her. Garba said that the suspect allegedly confessed to the crime during the investigation and would soon be arraigned in court. He said that on June 9, a case of rape was also reported at Orokam Police Division that one of the suspects dragged a seven-year-old child into a church hall in Ogwurute area of Owukpa and had carnal knowledge of her. “The victim is currently receiving treatment at General Hospital, Ijadoga, while the suspect allegedly confessed to the crime. “Also June 9, a man (name withheld), who lives in the Mechanic Village area of Kanshio, Makurdi, forcefully took a 14-year-old girl to an uncompleted building and allegedly raped her. “The suspect has also confessed to the crime and will be charged to court soon,” he said. The commissioner said that on the same date (June 9), a complaint was received at A Division Police Station that a landlord trespassed into his tenant’s house and forcefully raped a 15-year-old girl who was asleep. “The man, who raped the 14-year-old, told newsmen that the girl, who was a virgin, had been his girlfriend in the last two months. “The suspect said that he allegedly raped her after several efforts to convince her to the bed failed, ” he said. He said that the command had recovered one locally-made pistol loaded with five rounds of live ammunition, two camouflage p-cap, one black boot, four knives, two black berets, one cutlass, seven phones and assorted charms from the other 32 suspects. Garba warned criminals in the state to repent from their deeds or be apprehended to face the full wrath of the law, NAN reports.