It is now four years since 38 Nigerian Army officers popularly known as Army 38 were compulsorily retired for “serious offences” on June 9, 2016. The officers have secured six court victories against their dismissal but the authorities are yet to act. One of them, Lt Colonel Baba – Ochankpa died in January 2017. A security source told PRNigeria that the compulsory retirement were based on “wild allegations”. He said the officers “successfully proved their innocence before the courts and the National Assembly. They have clearly shown that the punishment meted out to them were arbitrary and without any factual basis”. The source lamented that the Army leadership was yet to review its sanction in spite of “courts rulings, decision of the Nigerian Senate and motion by the House of Representatives, requesting the Nigerian Army to reverse its unlawful, unfair and ill-advised actions”. DAILY POST recall that former Director of Army Public Relations (DAPR), Sani Usman, announced the retirement of the personnel. They included 9 Major Generals, 10 Brigadier Generals, 7 Colonels, 11 Lieutenant Colonels and 1 Major. But the development generated controversies as 80 percent of officers affected were Southerners. 10 top officers including Generals were from Rivers State alone. The affected 38 officers were Major Generals F. O. Alli, E.J. Atewe, I.N. Ijioma, L.C. Ilo, T.C. Ude, L. Wiwa, S.D. Aliyu, M.Y. Ibrahim and O. Ejemai. The Brigadier Generals were D. M. Onoyeiveta, A.S.O. Mormoni-Bashir, A.S.H Sa’ad, A. I. Onibasa, D. Abdusalam, L.M. Bello, K.A. Essien, B. A. Fiboinumama, I. M. Lawson and G.O. Agachi. The Colonels were M.A. Suleiman, P. E. Ekpenyong, T. T. Minimah, O.U. Nwankwo, F. D. Kayode, C K. Ukoha and D.R. Hassan. The Lieutenant Colonels were C.O. Amadi, K.O. Adimoha, T.E. Arigbe, O.A. Baba-Ochankpa, D. B. Dazang, O.C. Egemole, C. Enemchukwu, A. Mohammed, A.S. Mohammed, G.C. Nyekwu, T. O. Oladuntoye. The only officer in the rank of Major was T.A. Williams. Lamenting their fate, one of them stressed that “the Army Council acted outside its powers. The Council’s power in relation to discipline is limited to confirming (or otherwise), the judgements awarded by a Court Martial and not empowered to dispense judgement”. The officers have continued to question the validity of their compulsory retirement letters hinged on “provisions of Paragraph 09.02c (4) of the Harmonised Terms and Conditions of Service for Officers 2012 (Revised)”. In May, the National Industrial Court (NIC) ruled that contempt of court charge be filled against the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), Gen. Gabriel Olonisakin, over the alleged refusal to comply with a valid order. Justice Sanusi Kado granted retired Lt-Col. Abdulfatai Mohammed – one of Army 38 – the leave to file the charge. Mohammed sued Olonisakin for refusing to reabsorb him as ordered in 2018 by Justice Edith Agbakogba. The same judge ordered the reinstatement of Maj.-Gen. Ijioma Nwokoro Ijioma, also one of the Army 38. A security expert, Labaran Saleh regretted the stories of the personnel “remain a cautionary tale for the country”. He decried that none of them faced any formal charge issued to them nor did they face a court-martial panel before their dismissal. Saleh said the Armed Forces Act prescribes steps to be taken in punishing offences but doesn’t empower the Army Council to arbitrarily punish or retire officers. He warned that if the Army 38 do not receive justice, “the direct and proximate result is the destruction of the morale of those still in service, with the resulting impact on efficiency and commitment. The impact on the effectiveness, cohesion and dedication of the Army is best imagined.”