Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A total of 436 cases of coronavirus were on Sunday recorded in Nigeria, bringing the total number of confirmed cases in the country to 20,244, The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, said Lagos State recorded 169 cases, while Oyo State followed with 53. 2. A former Senate Leader, who is the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army in the 9th National Assembly, Senator Ali Ndume, declared on Sunday that federal lawmakers and other highly placed public officers were earning luxury wages to the detriment of Nigerian masses. He said Vice President Yemi Osinbajo and a former governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Muhammadu Sanusi, had vindicated his position on the high cost of running a presidential democracy, which he insisted was no longer realistic. 3. The Osun State Amotekun Security Network on Sunday intercepted an eighteen seater bus at Osun-Oyo boundary while trying to sneak into the state despite the ban on the interstate movement. The inter-state offenders were also suspected to be bandits from Lagos State going to Itagunmodi mining Site, in Atakunmosa West Local Government Area of Osun State. 4. Senate President Ahmad Lawan on Sunday said any officer found short of expectations should be shown the way out if he refuses to go. Lawan, who said the security situation in the country especially in the northern part of the country required that more resources be given to the security agencies, added that the heads of these agencies especially the service chiefs, must sit up and address the issues within timeline. 5. Thugs allegedly loyal to one of the Governorship Aspirants of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and former deputy clerk of the National Assembly, Mr. Olayide Adelami on Sunday shot at the members of the APC during a meeting around Igboroko in Owo, Owo local government area of Ondo state. The APC members under the Owo Youths Redemption Group (OYRG) led by Olayemi Olamide, were said to have held the meeting to declare the support of the group for the re-election of the state Governor, Arakunrin Oluwarotimi Akeredolu Aketi, SAN. 6. Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State has accused the All Progressives Congress of importing thugs into the state ahead of the party’s primary and the September 19 governorship election in the state. The governor noted that while other political parties conducting primary elections in Edo State have notified the government of their readiness to comply with the state COVID-19 guidelines, the APC was yet to do. 7. The Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Hon. Abgoola Ajayi on Sunday formally withdrew his membership of the All Progressives Congress, APC. Ajayi, who tendered his resignation letter to the Chairman of Apoi Ward 2, Samuel Ajayi and David Turo, the ward Chairman of his hometown of Kiribo in Ese-Odo Local Government Area of Ondo was welcomed into the PDP fold shortly after denouncing his APC membership. 8. The Defence Headquarters has said that the Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation Lafiya Dole has launched airstrikes on terrorists’ locations at Bula Bello and Ngoske on the fringes of the Sambisa Forest in Borno. Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, made this known in a statement on Sunday, said the airstrikes destroyed Boko Haram terrorists’ facilities and killed several fighters. 9. The Conference of Nigeria Political Parties (CNPP) has expressed the fears that Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, the Spokesman for the Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, may not come out alive from police detention. CNPP, an umbrella body of all registered political parties and political associations in Nigeria, cried out that there is a well thought out plan to take Nigeria back to the days of disregard for the rule of law and stifle the voice of the opposition ahead of the 2023 general election. 10. The All Progressives Congress (APC), Edo Governorship primaries Committee, headed by Gov. Hope Uzodinma of Imo on Sunday released procedures for Monday’s primary election in compliance with the state government’s COVID-19 regulations. A statement by Dr. Ajibola Basiru, the Secretary of the committee, said voting would commence simultaneously by 8:00 a.m. in the 192 wards of the state.