The Ebonyi State police command, Tuesday, confirmed the arrest of one Chinwekpe Orogwu who allegedly killed his 20-year-old brother, late Ebubechi Orogwu for allegedly eating his goat intestine. The victim and his killer hail from Amauda Nzashi Ndufu Echara, in Ikwo Local Government Area of Ebonyi State. DAILY POST gathered that the said goat was killed in their compound and the mean was shared, but the intestines was given to Chinwekpe and his brother. It was gathered that the duo were enjoying the already cooked goat intestines when trouble ensued. In the process, Chinwekpe hit his brother’s head with a wooden pole after noticing that Ebubechi, was eating his own portion of the goat intestine during meal. Investigation revealed that the sound of the hit and shout of the victim attracted neighbours who quickly stormed the scene, carried the collapsed victim ‘Ebubechi’ to Alex Ekwueme Federal University Teaching Hospital, Abakaliki, where he was later confirmed dead by the doctors. It was learnt that the deceased was quickly returned home to Ikwo where his corpse was deposited at Ikwo General Hospital. Speaking to journalists in Abakaliki, the Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Loveth Odah, confirmed the incident and the arrest of the suspects. She stated that the incident was reported to the police by one Nwofia Clement who hails from the area. Odah said that Nwofia reported to the police that the incident happened on 15th May at their compound, where they killed a goat. She stated further that Nwofia confirmed that Chinwekpe Orogwu, used a wooden pole to hit one Orogwu Ebubechi, 20 years old, on the head. “The suspect claimed that the victim reportedly ate more intestine. The victim was rushed to the Federal Teaching Hospital, Abakaliki, for treatment, but he was confirmed dead and his body was deposited at the Ikwo General Hospital while the suspect has been arrested. “The matter is under investigation, and we can’t believe that it was because of goat intestine that someone killed his own brother,” Odah stressed. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More