A group, the Unity Mandate Agenda on Tuesday lashed out at the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Adams Oshiomhole for allegedly taking sides ahead of the October 10, 2020 governorship election in Ondo State. The UMA Coordinator, Babatope Abisola, said the statement credited to Oshiomhole on Monday in Abuja was a pointer to his systematic endorsement of the re-election bid of Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. During the visit of Akeredolu to the National Secretariat of the party on Tuesday, Oshiomhole was quoted to have said that “I am sure that by the special grace of God, the Ondo Governor is here, he’s been doing well and electorate are more sophisticated now so we have no fear about that.” While alleging that Oshiomhole’s remarks on Akeredolu might have been influenced by discreet moves to Abuja recently by the governor ahead of the July 2020 APC primaries in the state, Abisola also accused the Senate Deputy Majority Leader, Prof. Ajayi Boroffice of thwarting the crisis within the Unity Forum. The group which said that Prof. Boroffice’s act is capable of giving Akeredolu an easy ride toward clinching the party’s ticket also alleged that the mission of the Deputy Senate Leader is designed for his 2023 Vice Presidential ambition. “We received with a heavy heart the purported endorsement of Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu by our most respected national chairman, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole for what looks like an easy ride to another term in office. “While we do not want to believe that the contents of the widely publicised story truly represents the mindset of the national chairman, we are not oblivious of the great adverse impact such has had on the resolve of the Unity Forum to have a change within the APC for the leadership of the State. “In all, not minding the import of the Statement by Comrade Oshiomhole, we are convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that two major things are responsible for the disunity amongst the real leaders of the APC. “One, we have incontrovertible evidence that the deputy Senate leader, Robert Ajayi Borofice set out to create a template of crisis in order for him to either allow Akeredolu go for another term or to install a puppet governor. The reason is for him to install a puppet Governor who will serve as his(Boroffice’s) lackey for his 2023 Vice Presidential project as he intends to run alongside the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan in 2023. The statement added that, “the second reason could only be that Comrade Oshiomhole has abandoned the struggle midway after being compromised with heavy financial inducements by the desperate governor. After all, he and other members of the APC NWC have not come out to deny the cash allocation by Governor Akeredolu to the tune of N850m. “Whether each of the above or both are responsible for this great misadventure, we can only say that we are highly disappointed in the ensuing scenarios. “However, we shall continue to pursue our legitimate cause to ensure our widely respected candidate, Chief Olusola Oke, SAN, is nominated and subsequently elected as the next governor of Ondo State come October.” Meanwhile, reacting to the allegation when contacted, Prof. Boroffice dismissed the claim made by the group. Prof. Boroffice who spoke through his media aide, Kayode Fakuyi said, “the group is not credible and the allegation is laughable.”