Lawmakers under the aegis of North East National Assembly Caucus have re-elected Senator Danjuma Goje representing Gombe Central Senatorial district as Chairman. In a well-attended meeting of Senators and House of Representatives members from the Northeast geopolitical zone on Saturday, including the Senate President, Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan in attendance, Hon. Tahir Mohammed Monguno of the House of Representatives emerged as his deputy. In a statement issued and sent to DAILY POST in Abuja on Tuesday by Ismail Dabo Haruna, Special Assistant to the North East Assembly Caucus, lauded the present administration for relentless effort at ensuring the mitigation of hardship occasioned by the insurgency attacks. The statement was emphatic that the take-off of the Northeast Development Commission (NEDC) was a well-orchestrated effort of government that would see to the development of the zone, adding that a letter of commendation be issued to the management of the Commission. Part of the statement reads: “The caucus expressed reaffirmed its appreciation to President Muhammadu Buhari for the creation of North East Development Commission. “It was resolved that a letter of commendation be written to the Board and management of the Northeast Development Commission for a successful takeoff.” In a renewed determination to tackle the menace of insecurity in the zone, the caucus said, it would cooperate with governors, traditional rulers and security agencies that insecurity was brought to the lowest ebb. They however expressed disappointment with the Federal Ministry of Aviation for leaving out the zone from the International Airports to be opened on June 21st, saying that the omission would impinge on travellers from the zone to other parts of the country and the rest of the world. While they congratulated Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan for his emergence as the Senate President, they called on the Federal Government to speed up the completion of the Mambilla power project because of its socio-economic importance to the zone.