Nigerian students under the umbrella of National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), on Monday, protested against the raping and killing of an 18-year-old teenager, Barakat Bello in Ibadan, Oyo State. The students, who were led by NANS President, Danielson Bamidele Akpan, also protested against other recent killing of students in the country. DAILY POST gathered that Bello who until her death a student of the Federal College of Animal Health and Production, Ibadan was killed by yet to be identified rapists in Akinyele area of Ibadan last Monday. But, Akpan who led the protesters to the Oyo State Secretariat in Agodi Ibadan, insisted that students from all parts of the country converged on Ibadan to protest “the unfortunate killings. Akpan while seeking for justice for the victims, called on the Nigeria Police Force and other security agencies “to speed up the investigation process on those behind the dastardly act and bring them to book immediately Commissioner for Youth and Sports, Seun Fakorede, who spoke on behalf of Oyo State government, said that the state government was working to ensure justice for the victims. Fakorede, who addressed the students on behalf of the Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde, described rape as a very condemnable act, stating that the state would bring the perpetrators to justice. He maintained that as part of measures to bring the perpetrators to book and nip such dastardly acts in the bud, the state government, in collaboration with the police, has swung into action. He added that state House of Assembly has also begun to work on a law that will address such issues as rape. Fakorede said, “All concerned institutions will deal with this seriously and I want to say that Oyo is one of the states that are leading and giving adequate direction as to how we are meant to handle all these things. “Of course, this act is very condemnable and we deeply condemn it as a state. I can assure you that we will do everything to bring justice for Barakat. It will not only be for her but a whole lot of people that are victims of these unfortunate incidences. “I salute you, NANS president, and everyone that is part of this entourage. I bring you the greetings of His Excellency, the indefatigable Governor of Oyo State, Engineer Seyi Makinde. “I am glad that we have decided to go the right way this time around to handle our things. So, once again, I want to say that I salute your doggedness. I salute your ideology. I salute the way you have decided to route this. And, of course, with the reception of this position by you, we will definitely make sure we do everything that is expected of us to do.”