Celebrity photographer, Busola Dakolo on Thursday, gave an update on her rape allegation against the founder of Commonwealth of Zion, COZA, Pastor Biodun Fatoyinbo. Busola, who is the wife of popular Nigerian singer, Timi Dakolo, disclosed that the police have completed their investigations regarding the rape allegation against Fatoyinbo. In a post on her verified Instagram page, Busola said the police passed the information to her, adding that the matter has been the Director of Public Prosecution of the Federation, DPPP, for legal advice and further action. The mother of three also disclosed that the Ministry of Justice has confirmed receiving the case file for Fatoyinbo’s prosecution. She, however, decried the silence of the Ministry upon receiving the case file against Fatoyinbo. According to Busola, her legal team wrote the Ministry over a month ago and no response yet. She wrote: “It is now officially one year after since I came out and told the most important story of my life up until this point. That was when I was a teenager, Biodun Fatoyinbo violently raped me. “Awareness is victory. But we are pushing to another even great victory: Justice. When the courts last year decided to rule in favour of the man who assaulted me, people were crestfallen. I understood. What they didn’t know, however, is that before we even began, we had been prepared for a long haul battle that may take years because the Nigerian legal system isn’t wired to help sexual abuse victims get justice. “Today, I have a major update. The police have concluded its investigation. And handed over its report to the Ministry of Justice in Abuja for onward prosecution of Biodun Fatoyinbo. He clearly has a case to answer. But there has been silence from the ministry. Silence. A loud silence! “We have written a letter but for over a month we have no response. Recall that Busola had in June last year opened a can of worms on how the COZA founder raped her in Kwara State when she was a teenager. In November 2019, Justice Justice Oathman Musa of an Abuja Federal High Court had ruled that the allegation against Fatoyinbo amounted to injustice and an abuse of judicial process. Justice Musa had ruled that the case was empty and purely sentimental. Despite the ruling, the Nigeria Police Force had vowed to continue its investigations against Fatoyinbo.