An Ogun State High Court sitting in Abeokuta has on Tuesday, ordered the reinstatement of the 75 coronet Obas, who were demoted by Governor Dapo Abiodun. The Obas, DAILY POST recalls, were appointed by former Governor Ibikunle Amosun at the twilight of his administration. But on assumption of duty, Abiodun set up a committee, which reviewed and recommended that the promotion of the traditional rulers from Baale to Oba be reversed. In February, Abiodun announced the demotion of the Obas, as recommended by the committee chaired by the Olu of Ilaro, Oba Kehinde Olugbenle. Not satisfied, the 75 Obas dragged the governor and other officials of the state government to court, asking for their reinstatement and payment of their entitlements. Counsel to the claimants, Olumide Oniyire, had argued that hostility towards the purported demoted 75 coronet Obas began after the revocation of the appointment by the state government on February 6. Oniyire accused the state government and its agents of allegedly intimidating and assaulting the claimants, stopping them from parading themselves as monarchs. The claimants’ counsel pleaded to the court to grant the interlocutory injunction and order that status quo be maintained until the court determines the legalities of the appointment. Responding, counsel to the defendants, O. A. Dankuwo, urged the court to give them a date to file their processes. Dankuwo argued that the status quo should be after the revocation of the appointment of the coronet Obas. According to her, the proper time to maintain status quo should be after the revocation of their appointments. In his ruling on the interlocutory injunction filed by the 75 coronet Obas through their counsel, Justice A.A Akinyemi insisted that the status quo of the appointment of the traditional rulers should be maintained. Justice Akinyemi explained that “the relationship that existed between the claimants and the defendants prior to the termination of their appointments and promotions on February 6, 2020 should be maintained pending determination of the suit before the court.” Akinyemi maintained that the hostility between the defendants and the claimants began when the revocation letter was issued. The Justice ordered that the status quo should remain until the determination of the suit before the court.