Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State has picked Worgu Boms, a former Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice in the state, as a replacement for Victor Giadom, for the party’s vacant post of the Deputy National Secretary. The development was disclosed to newsmen at the party’s National Secretariat in Abuja on Saturday by the National Vice Chairman South-South, Hon. Hillard Eta. 2. Nigeria on Saturday recorded six hundred and sixty-one, 661, new COVID-19 cases in the country. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, confirmed the development in a tweet on Saturday night. The data released indicated that Lagos had 230 cases, Rivers followed with 127, Delta had 83, while FCT recorded 60 cases. 3. The All Progressives Congress (APC) Executive Committee of Ward 10 in Etsako West Local Government of Edo has lifted the suspension on the former National Chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole. Ward 10, which is Oshiomhole’s ward had suspended him in November 2019. But the lift was made known in Abuja on Saturday. At a press conference, Emuakemeh Sule, Secretary of the ward, said 17 members out of 26 signed the resolution. 4. The People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on Saturday screened Edo Governor, Godwin Obaseki ahead of tts primary election scheduled to hold on Thursday, June 25. Obaseki was screened at the party’s headquarters in Abuja. After he was questioned by the Kingsley Chinda-led screening committee, Obaseki commended the party for the exercise, expressing optimism that he would secure the PDP ticket, He said that the screening exercise was fair and professional. 5. The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Edo State has split over the June 22 governorship primary. On Friday, the factional Chairman of the party, Anselm Ojezua, said the exercise will not hold on the date. Ojezua also rejected the Governor Hope Uzodinma-led primary committee. But on Saturday, APC Publicity Secretary in Edo, Chris Azebame, said the exercise was not postponed. 6. The Adamawa State chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), has suspended its Secretary, Mr. Anthony Elishama, over alleged mismanagement of N1,350,000. The suspension is to last for three months, within which time he is to refund the money. The suspension order was contained in a statement signed by the state Chairman of CAN, Bishop Stephen Mamza, who asked Anthony Elishama to return all official property to the CAN State Secretariat in Yola immediately. 7. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has said he may consider a statewide lockdown if the confirmed number of COVID-19 cases continue to rise. He said this as he declared a total lockdown of Bonny Local Government Area and Onne community in Eleme Local Government Area with effect from Sunday, June 21, 2020 to check the spread of coronavirus in the State. Governor Nyesom Wike announced this in a state-wide broadcast. 8. Tension heightened on Saturday night in the Ondo State Government House, Alagbaka, Akure after the Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi was prevented from leaving the Government House by the Commissioner of Police, Salami Bolaji. It was gathered that the security operatives were acting out the order of the Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. The Deputy Governor was alleged to have looted government property from his lodge in his bid to take them to his personal house within the state capital. 9. A former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, has ‘attacked’ President Muhammadu Buhari over the recent happenings in the All Progressives Congress, APC. Fayose said that what is happening in the ruling party pointed to what he described as the helpless situation of Nigeria, adding that Buhari, who is the leader of the APC cannot even run it. He lamented that Buhari who cannot even manage the affairs of his immediate family cannot run Nigeria effectively. 10. Mr Edward Ubosi, Speaker of the Enugu State House of Assembly, has ordered a total shutdown and fumigation of the assembly complex. This was contained in a statement signed by the Chairman of the House Committee on Information and Communication, Mr Jeff Mbah on Saturday in Enugu. Mbah said that Ubosi gave the order as a precautionary measure following the death of Mr Chijioke Ugwueze, a member representing Isi-Uzo Constituency.