Former representative of Rivers South-East Senatorial District at the National Assembly, Senator Magnus Abe has called on members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), to come together, summon courage and be willing to revive the fortunes of the party in Rivers State. Abe said this in his reaction to a court judgement which declared Igo Aguma as the authentic Chairman of the party on Tuesday. In a statement titled: “Rivers APC, it is time to move forward”, made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday, Abe said the party needs healing for those who have been hurt, justice for those who were deprived and inclusion for all stakeholders who were excluded from the party for no reason, other than the fact that they hold a different opinion. The statement reads in parts: “I have reviewed the judgements of the High Court of Rivers State delivered yesterday (June 9, 2020). “In one case the court in its wisdom upheld the argument of a statutory member of the State Executive Committee, Chief Hon. Igo Aguma, that it was unconstitutional to appoint some unknown characters to lead the party when there are statutory members of the State Executive Committee of the party in office. “In the second suit, party members who went up to the Supreme Court to contest their right to participate in the party’s congresses simply went back to court, asking that the judgement of the Supreme Court which recognized their right to participate in the congresses be established by the court. “In essence, these prayers are the substance of the reliefs granted by the court. “In the peculiar situation in which our party has found itself in Rivers State, these pronouncements offer us a unique opportunity to come together and put the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Rivers State on a sound footing”. Senator Abe in the statement wondered how a judgement that reaffirmed the right and responsibility of all major stakeholders in the party to come together for the sake of the party, could be termed bad for the APC. “How can a judgement that redresses a grave injustice and heals the grievous crime of exclusion that was inflicted on over 19,000 (nineteen thousand) party faithful across the state be bad for our party?” Abe added. He said the only thing that is wrong with the judgement is that it failed to massage the ego of any individual. “These judgements are a soothing balm that delivers on these expectations and I thank the judiciary for their courage in standing by the truth delivering justice even in very difficult circumstances. “The party must now move forward, it is time for us to come together and hold congresses that will leave no one out, and re-establish not just structures but hope and confidence in our party. Senator Abe called on Igo Aguma not to harbour any personal grudges or hidden agenda but to reach out to all persons of consequence in the party who are desirous of repositioning the party; summon the courage to move on if people do not desire to be part of the rebuilding of the process as no individual can be bigger than the party.