Bola Ahmed Tinubu, National leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC has reacted to speculations concerning his 2023 Presidential ambition. At the NEC meeting days ago, President Muhammadu Buhari dissolved the APC National Working Committee, NWC. The decision of the APC NEC is believed to be an attempt to wither down Oshiomhole and Tinubu’s influence. It was learned that a majority of the dissolved NWC are believed to be loyal to Oshiomhole and Tinubu. Tinubu in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday said he is more worried about the health and economic challenges due to Coronavirus pandemic and has not taken a decision to run in 2023. Reacting to those speaking on the end to his ‘2023 ambition’, Tinubu said “To those who have been actively bleating about how Buhari’s actions and the NEC meeting have ended my purported 2023 ambitions, I seek your pity. “I am but a mere mortal who does not enjoy the length of foresight or political wisdom you profess to have. Already, you have assigned colourful epitaphs to the 2023 death of an alleged political ambition that is not yet even born.” He added that due to COVID-19 and its economic effect on Nigeria “he cannot see as far into the distance as those predicting his 2023 Presidential ambition. “I have made no decision regarding 2023 for the concerns of this hour are momentous enough. “I have not busied myself with politicking regarding 2023 this period because I find that a bit distasteful and somewhat uncaring particularly when so many of our people have been unbalanced by the twin public health and economic crises we face. “What I may or may not do in three years hence seems too remote given present exigencies. “Those who seek to cast themselves as political Nostradamus are free to so engage their energies. I trust the discerning public will give the views of such eager seers the scant weight such divinations warrant. “2023 will answer its own questions in due time.” To those predicting his downfall, Tinubu said he would continue to work for the better of the nation but noted that politics is an ‘uncertain venture’ “Politics is but a vehicle to arrive at governance. Good politics promotes good governance. “Yet, politics is also an uncertain venture. No one gets all they want all the time. In even a tightly-woven family, differences and competing interests must be balanced and accommodated,” his statement added.