The Abia State Government has sealed and arrested the Proprietress of a private Nursery and Primary school, ‘Blessed Child Study Center’, located at Clifford Road, Aba. DAILY POST reports that she was arrested for allegedly operating in total violation of the lockdown order by the Abia Inter Ministerial Committee on COVID-19. The proprietress of the school, Mrs. Chukwu Blessing, was allegedly caught by a team of Aba South Area Inspectorate of Education, where she was teaching a group of seventeen, (17), pupils in an unventilated classroom without observing social distancing. Recall that the Abia Government had directed schools across the state to close untill normalcy returns following the outbreak of the novel Coronavirus pandemic. The sealing of the private school was carried out on the instruction of the State Commissioner for Education, Dr. KCK Nwangwa, according to a release made available to newsmen, in Umuahia, on Friday. The Ministry of Education had repeatedly warned Proprietors of private schools and stakeholders in the education sector not to toy with the lives of Abia school children in a bid to make quick money. In a related development, Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, has commended the management of Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria (SPDC), for complimenting and supporting government’s effort in combating the spread of the Coronavirus Pandemic in the state through their donation of various medical equipments. Ikpeazu who made the commendation in Government House Umuahia, on Friday, while receiving the PCR Machines, Critical medical equipment donated to the state by Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria as part of their contribution towards fighting Covid 19 in Abia, pointed out the State from inception have been in the forefront of enforcing the precautionary measures directed by NCDC and State Government. The Governor represented by his Deputy, Rt. Hon. Ude Oko Chukwu disclosed that having recorded high number of positive cases in the state, Government has been doing its best to procure necessary equipments like 3 molecular testing laboratories which when installed will lead to massive testing of Abians at the community and State levels. He described the relationship between Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria and the Abia State Government as a cordial one, describing what they have done in extending the medical equipment to Abia state as adding lots of impetus to the efforts of the Government in ensuring Coronavirus is wiped out completely from the state and assured that they will be put into effective use. While handling over the medical equipment, the Managing Director Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria, Osagie Okunbor, represented by the External Relation Manager, Anyim Chibuzor, noted that the donation was to further strengthen government efforts to combat the spread of Covid-19 in the state. Some of the items donated to the state Government include Medical freezer, PCR Machines and test kits single use aprons, disposable High-Tech coveralls, Bio-hazzard bags, Bouffant Hair Cover, sanitizers, vaccine box, Swap kits, surgical face masks, among others.