Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State said from Wednesday, June 10, 2020, the Quarantine Order will be amended to permit a significant reopening of the state, especially businesses and places of worships. He said this after 75 days of partial lockdown, following the invocation of the Quarantine Act and the Kaduna State Public Health Law, to impose the Quarantine Regulations on March 26. In a statewide broadcast on Tuesday, El Rufai paid tribute to the good people of Kaduna State, for their immense sacrifices in the last two-and-half months as containment measures against Covid-19 were implemented. On schools and markets, the governor explained that they would remain closed, saying that it is still considered unsafe for markets and schools to reopen. Gov. El-Rufai assured that the government would keep engaging with the relevant stakeholders on the matter, to determine the appropriate timing and conditions precedent. The governor further explained, “Businesses can reopen, subject to the provision of thermometers for temperature checks, sanitizers or handwashing equipment and physical distancing measures within all facilities. Working hours will be 9am to 3pm daily”. He said that Church services are allowed only on Sundays and Mosques are allowed to conduct only Friday Jumat services, for the time being, subject to compliance with the safety stipulations above.’ On transportation, governor El Rufai maintained that transport operators must reduce capacity to not more than two passengers per row and not more than 50% of capacity. He reiterated that the ban on intra-state travel has been lifted but government officials would continue to control state boundaries to reduce unauthorised interstate travel. He further explained that within the state, security checkpoints would be allowed only to enforce compliance with the night time curfew, adding that during the day, any violations of the adjusted Quarantine Order like failure to wear facemasks, among others will be enforced by Operation Yaki, KASTLEA, the Vigilance Service and our Mobile Courts. According to him, supermarkets and providers of personal services such as hairdressing and barbing salons can reopen; hotels can fully open, but with their restaurants and bars offering only room service. The governor warned that restaurants may all reopen after decontamination, but are still restricted to takeaway services, adding that public servants will be summoned back to work in phases to be announced by the Head of Service. Governor El Rufai counselled that after the opening up of the state, the next step of staying safe while pursuing socio-economic activities is strictly in the hands of each individual. He enjoined individual citizens to practice personal responsibility, the places where they work, worship or shop and the vehicles in which they travel must also protect their health and safety. According to him, government officials embarked on series of sensitisation and consultations with stakeholders in the last two weeks as part of conditions for reopening the various sectors, in order to promote this wide understanding. While urging citizens to take responsibility and comply with these measures, he warned that the relaxation would be reversed in the event of a spike in Covid-19 infections or unsatisfactory compliance levels with the conditions, and total quarantine re-imposed to preserve health and protect lives. El Rufai appealed to people who are 50 years and above restrict their movement, in spite of the fact that restriction of movement has been lifted in the Kaduna state. The governor promised that his administration would continue to implement the policy of repatriating almajirai back to their parents to afford them due care and the right to free education. El Rufai pleaded with residents of Kaduna State to commit to taking personal responsibility, “Let us honour the sacrifices that have been made to ensure that this opening up supports the pursuit of livelihoods without risking widespread infection, illnesses and death. You have done it for more than ten weeks under partial lockdown. Let us show that we can stay safe in relaxed conditions.”