Some Nollywood actors have blasted Popular movie producer, Victor Okpala for allegedly demanding for sex in exchange for movie roles. Actress Sharon Ohunene Jatto took to her Instagram page on Wednesday to share a video and screenshots of her chat with the movie producer, slamming him for putting out a “say no to rape” post when he allegedly tried sleeping with her when she was barely 17. The actress also accused him of holding movie auditions to hunt for girls. She said “You see this man, Victor Okpala, this man had the guts to post “say no to rape” because he thinks it’s just social media aesthetics. “This man holds auditions only for him to hunt for girls. “I was barely 17 when this man asked that in exchange for a movie role I sleep with him. “When I told him my age, he said ‘shey you’ll soon be 18, its fine’. “He literally told me everyone in his film had to do it, saying ‘that’s the normal thing’. “Thank God I knew I had a choice but what of the people who thought that was the only way? “This man has had his way with a lot of people who don’t know they did have a choice and it’s so disheartening. “There are a lot of them in this nollywood and it has to stop. “It’s not a do or die affair. Small thing they’ll say ‘they’ll blacklist you o’. “Please don’t hesitate to call the animals out, enough is enough. “And please your dreams and aspirations are valued and God’s blessings don’t come with a price tag.” Similarly, Nollywood star, Jemima Osunde took to the comment section to also reveal that she has heard some of her colleagues say same thing about the movie producer. “I have heard so many colleagues say the same thing about this same person. “This is terrible and he is a foul person to even think he can come on IG and discriminate against what he clearly is. “I am so glad you weren’t fooled by him. “Thank goodness you knew you had a choice. “Yes, call them out they have to stop raping women,” she added. However, Timini Egbuson joined the list of actors that called out the movie producer, describing him as a disgrace to Nollywood. He said ”People like this, steady bringing embarrassment to the movie Industry. “This is so sickening”. DAILY POST recalls that Nigerians, in the past few days, alongside prominent figures have been advocating for an end to rape in the country. The call became necessary after the murder of one Vera Omozuwa, who was raped and killed by unknown persons in a church in Benin. See video below..   You see this man @victorokpalan This man had the guts to post “say no to rape” because he thinks its just social media aesthetics. Do you people understand this. This man holds auditions only for him to haunt for girls. I was barely 17 when this man asked that in exchange for a movie role I sleep with him. When i told him my age he said “shey you’ll soon be 18,its fine” He literally told me everyone in his film had to do it saying “that’s the normal thing” Thank God i knew i had a choice What of people who thought that was the only way? This man has had his way with a lot of people who dint know they did have a choice. It’s disheartening They are plenty in this nollywood And it has to stop Its not a do or die affair Small thing they’ll say “they’ll blacklist you o” You people are actually mad. Please don’t hesitate to call the animals out enough is enough. And please your dreams and aspirations are valued and God’s blessings doesn’t come with a price tag. Your time will come A post shared by  Sharon Osiyerimo Ohunene Jatto (@sharonjatto) on Jun 3, 2020 at 10:03am PDT  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More