The Presidency has reacted to the shooting incident that happened in the Presidential Villa on Thursday. Recall that First Lady, Aisha Buhari had cried out over the arrest and detention of her Aide-de-camp by the Inspector-General of Police. The Presidency said President Muhammadu Buhari says the law should be allowed to take its course. The shooting which involved the Wife of the President, Aisha Buhari, her children and some Presidential aides has since generated a lot of reactions from Nigerians. The Presidency, in a statement signed by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, said that President, Muhammadu Buhari was not in danger, adding that the incident happened outside the main residence of the president. According to him, “The Presidency wishes to acknowledge concerns expressed by several members of the public regarding the recent incident among the occupants of the State House which escalation led to the arrest of some staff by the police. “This is to assure all and everyone that the President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, Muhammadu Buhari, is not, and was not at any time in any form of danger arising, either from deadly infections or the reported incident by security personnel which is currently under investigation. “This particular incident happened outside the main residence of the President. “Armed guards and other security personnel assigned to the State House received the necessary training of especially weapons handling and where they come short, their relevant agencies have their rules and regulations to immediately address them. “Having authorized the proper investigation to be carried out into this unfortunate incident by the Police, the President has acted in compliance with the rule of law. “That a minor occurrence is being used by some critics to justify attacks on the government and the person of President Muhammadu Buhari is beggars belief. ‘In this particular instance, the President says the law should be allowed to take its course.”