US House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi has spoken on President Donald Trump’s controversial comments regarding the protest for the killing of an American, George Floyd, by a police officer in the United States. Following the killing of Floyd last week, Americans, mostly of the black race have taken to the streets over police brutality with several US states activating National Guard troops. George Floyd, an unarmed 46-year-old African-American man died at the hands of a police officer in Minneapolis. So far, the officer who was seen in the viral video with his knee on Floyd’s neck has been charged with third-degree murder and manslaughter which some blacks and protesters believe are not enough for such crime. Trump on his Twitter page made some controversial comments on the nationwide protest which has generated reactions from all corners. The tweet read: “These THUGS are dishonoring the memory of George Floyd, and I won’t let that happen. Just spoke to Governor Tim Walz and told him that the Military is with him all the way. “Any difficulty, and we will assume control but when the looting starts, the shooting starts. Thank you!” Reacting, Pelosi in an interview with ABC said that she, “kind of ignore(s)” Trump’s controversial comments on the nationwide protests. While commending former President, Barack Obama on his statement, Pelosi said she thinks Trump should unify, not divide, the country at the moment with his comments. According to her, “I’m not paying too much attention to what President Trump says, I kind of ignore what he says. “The President of the United States should bring dignity to the office that he serves and be a unifying force in our country. “We have seen that with Democratic and Republican presidents all along. Their responsibility as the President of the United States is to unify and not to fuel the flame,” Pelosi said when asked what Trump should be doing in the wake of the protests, some of which have turned violent. Obama had in a statement said that killings “shouldn’t be made ‘normal’ in 2020 America” and called on the public “to work together to create a ‘new normal’ which would kick against unequal treatment. US House Speaker, Pelosi attacks Facebook SOTU: US House Speaker Pelosi tears Trump's speech [VIDEO] Trump: US House confirms travel ban targeting Nigeria, others as Pelosi reacts