The National Association of Nigerian Association Students (NANS) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to probe the Rector of the Federal Polytechnic Ilaro, Olusegun Aluko, for allegedly executing projects without following due process. NANS said this at a press conference addressed by its National Vice President, Ojo Raymond, in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, on Sunday. The association accused the Rector of embarking on projects without recourse to due process, saying “Majority of the projects being executed by Aluko did not follow due process and were executed by the Rector through his fronts and private companies.” The students’ leaders call on “President Muhammadu Buhari, through the Honourable Minister of Education to, with immediate effect, constitute a high-level panel with men of good character to probe all on-going projects and others executed by Dr. Olusegun Aluko, the Rector of the Federal Polytechnic Ilaro.” Speaking further, NANS “also called on the Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC) and that of the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC) to urgently investigate the administration of all funds allocated to or generated by the Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro” since the appointment of Aluko as the Rector. Raymond said the National leadership of NANS has agreed to march down to the Abuja headquarters of the EFCC and the ICPC on July 7 to submit a petition against the Rector. According to Raymond, the National Executive Council of NANS has reviewed the report of a fact-finding mission on the allegations of cultism and arrest of the President of the Student Union Government of the Federal Polytechnic, Adegboye Emmanuel Olatunji. He said NANS “makes bold to say that it is a clear case of victimization to destabilize the union.” It was stated that the suspended SUG President had raised issues bordering on students’ welfare, most especially increase in students’ accommodation fees by private hostel operators; saying this became an issue because the Rector also has private hostels. “We hereby call on the Rector of the Federal Polytechnic Ilaro to immediately and unconditionally reinstate one of our Senators in NANS, Comrade Adegboye Emmanuel Olatunji pending the outcome of the on-going investigation of frivolous allegations against him,” Raymond stated. DAILY POST contacted the Ilaro Polytechnic Rector for his reactions. Speaking with our correspondent on phone, Aluko said he is ready to be probed by the EFCC and the ICPC. He debunked all allegations against him, saying he had built his hostels before he became the Rector. According to him, only three students of the polytechnic are in his three hostels, adding that other tenants are not students. He maintained that the suspended SUG President would be reinstated after the court might have found him innocent.