Suspected cultists in the early hours of Monday, June 1 hacked a thirty-year-old man, Friday Okoloba to death and injured two other persons along Ekreghware street, Aladja in Udu Local Government Area of Delta State. The suspected cultists were said to be members of Barga Confraternity, DAILY POST can report. The deceased who was on his way home was said to have walked into the cult boys who had terrorised indigenes and residents of Aladja Community since Saturday. The suspected cultists numbering about twenty also chased and attacked one Freeborn Ovie Godwin, a former member of the Dominion Confraternity before his arrest and subsequent remand in the Warri Prison, Okere-Warri. Freeborn was viciously macheted in his back and his motorcycle destroyed. In a chat with our Correspondent, Freedom said, “It was the grace of God that saved me from the marauding Barga boys. I am no longer a cultist. I was before the Vigilante arrested me and was remanded in prison custody for over a year. When I came out I went to them and renounced. “And since then I have been living as a free man. But I was surprised last night (Sunday,31/05/2020) when the Barga boys chased me with machetes and gun. They destroyed my home carting away some appliances and destroyed my motorcycle. They released some gunshots at my place. I don’t know why they picked me as a target when I am no longer a cultist.” Freeborn appealed to the Police and other sister security agencies to protect him from the Barga boys who attacked him. The Aladja Community Vigilante called the attention of the Police in Ovwian-Aladja to the incident. The Divisional Police Officer of Ovwian/Aladja Divisional Headquarters, CSP Mohammed personally visited the scene and sued for peace when addressing the family. He promised that the Police will work with the Community Vigilantes to ensure that the perpetrators of this heinous crime are brought to book in no distant time. He also warned against any reprisal attacks which could lead to the breakdown of law and order in the community. The remains of the deceased have, however, been laid to rest in the presence of the Police and Community leaders including the President of Aladja Community Council President, Eld. Otto Ogburiveta pending further investigations. When contacted for comments, the Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya confirmed the report in a telephone chat in Warri. She said, “Two people were injured and one person died.” The Police Image maker also said investigations into the matter are ongoing. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More