Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki has rejected his disqualification from All Progressives Congress, APC the June 22 primary election. DAILY POST had reported that chairman of the APC screening committee, Jonathan Ayuba, announced Obaseki’s disqualification while presenting his report to Adams Oshiomhole, APC national chairman, at the national secretariat in Abuja on Friday Ayuba said Obaseki was disqualified for a ‘defective certificate. The panel also disqualified two other aspirants, Matthew Aigbuhuenze Iduoriyekemwen and Chris Ogiemwonyi. Reacting to the disqualification, Obaseki vowed not to appeal the decision. A statement signed by his media aide, Crusoe Osagie said it was not necessary because Adams Oshiomhole has carefully orchestrated the move from the beginning. He, therefore, urged his supporters to remain calm, and wait for further directives. “We have watched the mockery of the democratic process, which Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, is administering and superintending over in our great party the All Progressives Congress (APC). It has been an unfortunate, disheartening and dreadful spectacle” “We had initially asserted that going by the open display and enthronement of illegality by one man in the party that comprises several organs and eminent personalities, there is no way that Governor Godwin Obaseki would get a fair assessment in the run-up to the nomination of candidates to fly the flag of the party in the forthcoming Edo gubernatorial election. “It is unfortunate that this open show of shame, illegality and travesty of justice is the brand of democracy which Comrade Oshiomhole has reduced the APC into. The situation is quite saddening because this is a party supposedly reputed for change, equity and social justice”. “We have therefore decided that it would be an effort in futility to appeal whatever the unjust outcome of the evaluation and screening process of the APC will be, especially when Comrade Oshiomhole has declared that he is the Supreme Court and ultimate determiner of the fate and future of our great party. “We wish Oshiomhole luck in his maladministration of the party and trust that the Almighty will help our country to find the path to true liberty, freedom and justice.”