The MD CEO of T Pumpy Concept Limited, developers of Abuja-based Estates, has fulfilled his promise to Rising Stars Orphanage Home. Recall that the real estate mogul had during a visit to the orphanage to mark his birthday, promised to give a plot of land to the orphanage home. He said the gesture was done to remind the orphans that there is still hope for them. The MD/CEO on Friday handed over the land document to the orphanage home matron, Mrs. Hannah Emeh. Speaking shortly after receiving the land documents at the corporate office of T Pumpy at Monrovia Street, Abuja, Mr. and Mrs. Emeh thanked the T Pumpy boss for always coming through for them. They recall that before now, Mr. Adaralegebe had been reaching out to them through the wife. A visibly excited Mrs. Emeh, who is currently housing over 32 children, said, “My name is Hanna Emeh, I am the founder of Shining Star Orphanage Home, Lugbe, Abuja. “We have 32 kids in my home. I got them from social welfare. “Our daddy, Mr. Adaralegbe visited us recently, precisely on May 29 to celebrate his birthday with the children. He has been doing that before now, but we surprise the last time because he gave us so many things. He has been supporting us, through his wife. “During the vast, he promised to give us a plot of land he has fulfilled the promise we are grateful to God for using him to put smiles on our face. We just received the land documents today and we can’t thank him enough. “Orphans our there should know that Jesus s their father. God will direct men and women that will take them somewhere, let them not lose hope,” she said. On his part, the husband, Mrs. Jonas Emeh, lauded the T Pumpy boss for the kind gesture. “Quite frankly, God has been so faithful us. I recall when she started, at a point, I wanted to run away but our pastor called that I should but give her the necessary support. “We started in a one-bedroom apartment but later on, God helped us. “We were happy that God brought T Pumpy our way. We thank him for always reaching us to use.” Mr. Adaralegbe had explained the reason behind the slash in price of its land from N3.5m to N1.75m, offering 50 percent discount by the company. According to Mr. Adaralegbe, the promo was done to encourage Nigerians to own their houses due to the effect of Coronavirus pandemic on the livelihoods of many Nigerians and also to complement government’s national housing plan. He noted that although T Pumpy has 22 housing estates and properties scattered across Kyami, Kasana, Kuje, Lugbe, Gwagwalada and other places in the nation’s capital, however, the ongoing promo is only exclusive to their property along the Airport Road. Speaking on the development, the CEO on Friday said the offer would end on June 30. In his words, “I have said this several times that one of my greatest passions is to see that every Nigerian own a house of his or her own. It is not all about business but a sincerity purpose to roofs over the heads of many Nigerians as much as I can assist. He said, “Imagine owning a standard 600sqm plot of a duplex, a penthouse or a bungalow for as low N1.75m. We are doing this because of the economic effects of the coronavirus on the people. “Of course you know it is every man’s dream to own a house and that is why T Pumpy Concept Limited wants to make sure to actualize that dream for them. READ ALSO: Amazing new formula from Airtook reportedly cures glaucoma and cataracts…see live testimony (Sponsored) “The market worth of the land is N3.5m but we are giving it out at this price just to encourage Nigerians at this critical time. Our lands are verifiable and authentic; they are government-approved. This promo will end on June 30. “We sell and develop all types of estate lands for residential, educational, commercial and recreational purposes. There are lands for bungalows, penthouses, duplexes, with corresponding land sizes and amount. Crèches/nursery school plots are also available. “Our expertise in building to the highest quality standards is evident throughout our complete line of estates. Our Estates are constructed in a factory environment and our building materials are never exposed to the elements and every aspect of the building process is closely monitored to ensure high-quality standards. “We also undertake feasibility and viability studies of real estate development projects. They are government approved estate plots suitable for 4 or 5 bedroom duplex, 4 or 5 bedroom penthouse and 3 bedroom bungalow. “The land and building plans are government approved, authentic and highly verifiable.” T. Pumpy Concept Limited is a progressive property developer that prides itself on its proven track records, passion and commitment to deliver superior value in design, quality and services in our developments to our customers. READ ALSO: See how Access Bank is enabling Nigerian kids have fun, learn amid COVID-19 T. Pumpy Concept Limited is a registered company that deals majorly in the sales of lands and estate plots. The company has been in existence since 2009, and it is totally committed to making its utmost contribution in the development process of our environment in the aforementioned area, for the betterment of all Nigerians. The T-Pumpy Concept Limited has decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home design and construction. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve. Call us today: Corporate Office address: No. 12, Monrovia Street, Off Aminu Kano Crescent, Wuse II district, Abuja. Annex House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja. Follow us on our social media platforms. Instagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com http://tpumpyconcept.com/