Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu has emerged as the All Progressives Congress, APC, governorship candidate. Ize-Iyamu was announced winner of the just concluded primary election by the Chairman of the APC Primary Election Committee and Imo State governor, Hope Uzodinma. 2. The All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship aspirant in Edo State, Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has appealed to Governor Godwin Obaseki, to return to the party. According to him, Obaseki should “set aside his anger” and return to the ruling party. 3. Nigeria on Monday recorded 675 new cases of coronavirus in the country. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control in a tweet via its official Twitter account, said Lagos recorded 288 cases, while Oyo followed with 76. 4. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has declared that no state in the country is COVID-19 free. The NCDC’s Director-General, Chikwe Ihekweazu, while speaking at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 on Monday, noted that a state can only talk about being Coronavirus free, when it is testing adequately. 5. A Federal High court sitting in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital, has restrained the Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki from participating in the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, governorship primary election. One of the party’s aspirants, Omoregir Ogbeide-Ihiama had approached the court asking for the Governor, who just joined the PDP from the All Progressives Congress, APC, to be stopped from participating in the primaries and Hon. Justice E. A. Obile, granted Ogbeide-Ihama’s prayer. 6. The army yesterday decided to relocate this year’s Nigerian Army Day Celebration to Katsina State to kick-start a major exercise tagged “Ex Sahel Sanity” with a view to check banditry in the northwest. The spokesman of the army, Colonel Sagir Musa, said the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant-General Tukur Buratai yesterday convened a special and exclusive meeting with his Principal Staff Officers, General Officers Commanding and Field Commanders at the Army Headquarters. 7. The Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, Kano Chapter has suspended its planned 7 days warning strike in the State over some demands that includes the deduction of workers’ salary in May. A joint statement signed by NLC Chairman, Kabiru Ado Minjibir, TUC Chairman, Mansur I. Adamu, JNC Chairman, Hashim Saleh and Chairman ULC, Ado Salisu Riruwai said the action follows the agreement and resolution reached between Kano State Government and the organized Labour on Monday on the five-item demands. 8. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has announced that it extended the sale of its nomination forms for the Ondo state governorship election. The party’s National Publicity Secretary, Mr. Kola Ologbondiyan, said that the deadline for the sales of the form had been extended by two days, from June 22 to June 24. 9. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has declared that the All Progressives Congress, APC’s candidate for the Edo State governorship election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, is not a match for any of its aspirants for the state governorship election. PDP claimed that Ize-Iyamu emerged as a candidate through the crudest governorship election primary ever, in the history of Nigeria. 10. The Federal Government has confirmed that a simulation trial of domestic flights will be carried out at the Murtala Muhammed Airport in Lagos this Saturday. The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, stated this on Monday at the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 in Abuja.