Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki on Friday, officially joined the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Obaseki announced his decision on Friday afternoon at the state Secretariat of the party in Benin City, Edo State. 2. Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State said churches and mosques should remain closed until further notice. The Governor, while addressing newsmen at his Okemosan Governor’s office in Abeokuta, said the situation of COVID-19 has not improved in Ogun State and Nigeria, saying the current regime of ease of lockdown should be maintained. 3. Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi, has ordered that all courts be shut immediately. Umahi also ordered all staff of the Judiciary in the state to go for COVID-19 testing. 4. A Rivers State High Court has granted an ex parte order restraining the Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Victor Giadom from parading himself as national chairman of the ruling party. The presiding judge, Justice Florence Fibresima ruled that Giadom is not qualified to act as the party’s National chairman, having resigned as the APC Deputy National Secretary in 2018 to contest the 2019 general election as Deputy Governor of Rivers State. 5. Nigeria on Friday recorded 667 new cases of coronavirus in the country. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, which made the disclosure, said Lagos recorded 281 cases, while Abia followed with 48. 6. Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the last general elections, has reacted to the arrest and detention of Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, the Spokesman for the Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP. Atiku said tyranny and dictatorship are inimical to a democratic order, stating that Ugochinyere should be released without delay. 7. The leader of Coalition of Northern Groups, (CNG) Nastura Ashir Sharif has been released 48 hours after his arrest in Katsina for leading peaceful protest against killings in the north. CNG Spokesperson, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, in a statement said Sharif was released following the pressure from the CNG, the Northern Elders Forum, international media and among others. 8. 300 Stranded Nigerians in UAE landed in Abuja, Nigeria on Friday. All Evacuees are to go on compulsory 14 days self-isolation according to the new Protocol by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. 9. The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has condemned the arrest of the convener of the Katsina protest over the unending killings of the people, saying that more protest would be witnessed in the north over the spate of insecurity. He wondered why the convener was arrested for organizing a protest over the killing of his people on daily basis and blamed it on what he called “Fulani cabal” ruling the country. 10. A Governorship aspirant under All Progressives Congress, APC, in Edo State, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has called for arrest of Governor Godwin Obaseki and everyone present at the defection rally for immediate quarantine. Ize-Iyamu said Obaseki is an irresponsible and vain Governor who prioritizes politics over public health and human lives.