One Wasiu Bankole, who was arrested by the police in Ogun State for allegedly having unlawful carnal knowledge of a 70-year-old unnamed woman, said he committed the act under the influence of alcohol. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed the incident on Thursday. This is coming at a time when the nation is mourning two young ladies, Uwaila Omozuwa and Barakat Bello, who were both raped and murdered, allegedly by their rapists in Edo and Oyo States respectively. Oyeyemi said Bankole was arrested on Wednesday following a report by the victim at the Agbado division of the Nigeria Police Force. According to him, the victim said while she was sleeping in her house at Abule lemode area of Ijoko at about 8pm on Tuesday, the suspect suddenly broke into her room, held her down and forcefully had carnal knowledge of her against her consent. DAILY POST gathered that one of the woman’s neighbours came to her rescue when he heard her screaming, by using a stick to hit the suspect at his back. With this, Bankole reportedly jumped off her and ran away; leaving behind his clothes, shoes and torchlight inside the woman’s room. “Upon the report, the DPO Agbado division, SP Kuranga Yero, dispatched his detectives to look for the suspect and bring him to justice. “The detectives succeeded in getting him arrested 24 hours after and brought him to the station. “On interrogation, he confessed committing the crime but claimed to have acted under the influence of alcohol,” Oyeyemi confirmed. He hinted that the victim has been taken to the hospital for medical attention. The suspect, as directed by the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, Kenneth Ebrimson, has been immediately transferred to the anti-human trafficking and child labour unit of the state criminal investigation and intelligence department for investigation and prosecution. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More