A Chief Magistrate Court sitting in Ughelli, Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State has remanded one Goodluck Egeme in prison custody for allegedly defiling a twelve year old girl. The Court remanded the suspect yesterday, Thursday, June 4, DAILY POST can report. It was learned that the twelve years old girl is a daughter of a serving Police Sergeant in Abuja, Nigeria’s Capital. The Divisional Police Officer “A” Division in Ughelli, CSP Kelvin Zuokumor had ordered for the case file just as he urged the Investigating Police Officer to charge the matter to Court. CSP Zuokumor who was angered by the development lamented the daily occurrences of defilement and rape in Ughelli. He also appealed to the masses to always speak out when there are cases of rape and defilement. The Assistant Secretary of the Delta State Chapter of the Committee for the Defence of Human Rights, CDHR, Comrade Israel Joe also called on the Police to ensure that cases of defilement and rape are not settled out of Court stressing that the Society is at great risk when such suspects walk freely in the Society. When contacted for comments, the Delta State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya confirmed the report in a telephone chat with Our Correspondent in Warri. DSP Onovwakpoyeya said,”I spoke with the DPO now. It is a case of defilement and even when the girl’s family said they don’t want a case, the DPO insisted that this cannot continue and instead of transferring to State CID, they immediately charged to Court. Thank God the boy has been remanded in prison.” These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More