A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and ex-National Publicity Secretary of the defunct New Peoples Democratic Party, (nPDP), Chief Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, has lambasted a faction of the APC over purported nomination of ex-Rivers State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Barrister Worgu Boms, to replace Chief Victor Giadom, for the position of the Deputy National Secretary. The APC chieftain, in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday night, also frowned at the comment of the acting National Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Ntufam Hilliard Eta, claiming that Giadom has long ceased to be a member of the National Working Committee, (NWC), of the party, having resigned his position to run for the office of Rivers Deputy Governor in 2019. Recall that the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Rivers State, had announced Barrister Worgu Boms, as a replacement for Victor Giadom, for the position of the Deputy National Secretary of the APC. The development was disclosed to newsmen at the party’s National Secretariat in Abuja, during the weekend, by the National Vice Chairman South-South, Hon. Hillard Eta. But, Eze, in the statement, challenged Hillard Eta to produce a certified true copy of the resignation letter tendered by Chief Giadom to strengthen his claim. He alleged that the purported replacement of Victor Giadom, was another attempt by some PDP stooges in the APC fold to jeopardize the constitution of the governing party. Eze also clarified that Victor Giadom applied for waiver pursuant to Article 31 of the Constitution of the APC to co-run with Tonye Cole as Rivers Deputy Governor in the 2019 gubernatorial poll and never resigned his position as a member of the National Working Committee (NWC), of the party. He said, “The said waiver was unanimously granted by NWC and conveyed in a letter signed by the then National Chairman, Comr. Adams Aliyu Oshiomole, on September 14, 2018. After the party was refused participation in the said elections following series of stumbling blocks, Chief Giadom was directed to resume office in a letter dated May 24, 2019, and signed by the party’s Director of Administration, Abdullahi Yusuf Gashu’a, this time as Ag. National Secretary to fill the vacancy created by the exit of the former occupant of the office who was also granted waiver to contest for the governorship of his state and emerged victorious. “All papers touching on the waiver including its approval and the subsequent letter of resumption are in public glare, conspicuously displayed for the perusal of the reading public. The order obtained from a Port Harcourt High Court restraining Chief Giadom from performing his functions as Acting National Chairman of the APC, was given in error. The court was misled by a league of political desperados who have resolved to taint the image of the Nigerian Judiciary in furtherance of their inordinate and self-serving ambitions,” he said. The former PDP chieftain warned Hillary Eta and cohorts to desist from dragging Senator Abiola Ajimobi, to what he described as unwholesome gambling, called on Nigerians to continue in prayers for the quick recovery of the former Oyo State Governor, who has been battling with ill health. Meanwhile, the Acting Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Hilliard Eta on Sunday said the party would not succumb to the nationwide clamour for it to convene an emergency National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting. Addressing reporters in Abuja, on Sunday, Eta pointed out that if convened, a NEC meeting would violate the COVID-19 pandemic protocol prohibiting public gatherings, having over 120 members.