The Tiv/Juku crisis in Bali Local Government Area of Taraba State has now claimed 11 people while others are reportedly injured following renewed attacks on Tungwa and Utsua-Daa communities in the local government area. A resident of Bagoni near Tungwa, Alh. Sale Umar told our correspondent that gunmen invaded Tungwa on Thursday and Utsua-Daa on Friday killing 11 people. Umar said several houses in the two communities located along Bali-Marararba road were burned in the attacks. “We saw 11 dead bodies after the attacks. Many houses have been burnt and people have deserted the communities. “Many people especially Tiv farmers are fleeing the communities on foot to Bali for safety,” he said. Also speaking with DAILY POST on phone, one of the victims of the attack Mr.Tersugh Utsua, a survivor said the attackers were led by two Army Trucks while the militia was shooting and burning the villages. Utsua said the military trucks came into the village unexpectedly and before any villager could understand what was happening, the militias took up the village. He further said five persons were killed in his presence and that he sustained bullets injuries while trying to escape from the attack but he refused to give the name of the place where he is been treated for security reasons. A Police officer at Bali police area command who refused to give his name told our correspondent that no police man was deployed by the area commander to go out and keep calm where the the killings were taking place. He said the Bali Police Area Commander recently withdrew all the police check points in the area following his disagreement with some militias who were destroying a village where he went to stop them and they threatened to take on his men. Caretaker Chairman of Bali local government Council, Hon. Musa Mahmud confirmed the attacks, but said only five people were killed. Mahmud who said he was on ground at the scene of the attacks and that several houses were burnt. “Five people have been killed and several houses burnt, but the situation is under control now. “I am at the scene of the attack as we speak. For the past two hours I have been here and I can confirm to you that burning and killings have stopped for now. “I want to call on the people to eschew violence and embrace peace,” he said. Our correspondent reports that the renewed attacks and killings came barely 8 hours after the Taraba Joint Peace Committee submitted an updated report on the crisis to the Deputy Governor, Haruna Manu in Jalingo. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More