Residents of Onikoko community, a sub-community in Apete, a suburb of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital in the early hours of Wednesday arrested a suspected armed robber who has been terrorizing residents of Apete and environs. The suspect identified as Zobo Baba Bose, who was arrested by landlords in the area was said to have burgled a hostel near Bekokukan mosque in the Onikoko area before his arrest. Our correspondent gathered that Onikoko is about five minutes drive from Jamade, a scene of armed robbery attack where no fewer than six houses including house of Mr. Najeem Raheem, Deputy Photo Editor of Guardian Newspaper were robbed. No fewer than six persons including Najeem’s wife and son were seriously injured during the attack. DAILY POST gathered on Wednesday that the suspect who lives close to the scene of the incident, according to the residents was arrested around 1 am and handed over to police officers from Apete division. The suspect who lives at Iyabadan in Onikoko community was caught with a motorcycle, a gun, chisel and axe. A resident of the area who gave DAILY POST details of the incident noted that Zobo and his team had already burgled a room in the hostel and took valuables belonging to a student who was not around. The source noted that the suspect had removed the burglary proof in the room before he was caught. Chairman, Onikoko Community Landlord Association, Engineer Taiwo Olotu, confirmed that the suspect was arrested around 1 am and handed over to the police around 2am on Wednesday. He said, “There was a robbery, a hostel was bugled and residents raised the alarm. They called us and we caught him. What we found on him made us conclude that he is one of the robbers that attacked the hostel. There had been several incidents of robbery in the community. Many residents have been complaining about him, and we told his landlord about it. He was arrested in the night around 1 am, and we called the police. We handed him over to the police”. Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, when contacted said he has not been briefed about the matter. He however sought for more time to get the details about the arrest from the Apete Division. Fadeyi in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST said, “I am not aware of it now. I will get details when the Apete division sends their report to us. Since it happened this morning, they are yet to send the report. “That is a good one but let the police investigate. Investigation is not something we can just conclude like that. The community should be patient. They should allow the police to investigate the matter”.