Suspected bandits attacked villages in Talata Marafa and Maru Local Government Areas of Zamfara State on Wednesday, killing about 25 people. Report had it that the armed men invaded Awala village and went away with herds of cattle and other domestic animals, thereafter went to neighbouring communities to rustle cattle but were not lucky as they met stiff resistance from the residents. It was gathered that the residents fought back and killed many of the bandits and the cattle rustlers when the bandits laid siege to the area. The bandits had to run away when they discovered the resistance of the residents thereby leaving the rustled animals. A day later, according to report, as a result of the resistance of the residents of the attacked communities, the armed men reinforced other bandits and went to Zaman Gira, Yargada Bolakke, Awala, Gidan Runji and many other villages on motorbikes. The armed men were said to arrive at their host communities when the residents were preparing for the burial of the dead ones earlier killed by the bandits, on arrival, started shooting sporadically at a cemetery in Zaman Gira leading to the death of many. The State Police Public Relations Officer, SP Sani Halilu, explained that the state Commissioner of Police would brief on the matter. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More