A senior lawyer and National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., has described the sacking of Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, as a sad and unfortunate end for the former labour leader. Oshiomhole was tactically removed completely as the National Chairman of the APC by the party’s National Executive Committee, NEC, presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday. The factionalized National Working Committee of the APC was dissolved at the NEC convened by the former Deputy National Secretary of APC, Victor Giadom. Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni, has been appointed as Caretaker Committee chairman of the APC. But reacting to the development in a statement to DAILY POST on Saturday, Bamgbose recalled that he had advised Oshiomhole to resign without further delay, warning him that Bola Tinubu, the National Leader of the party and the President won’t save him from impending humiliation. “What a sad end! What an unfortunate end. His fate has now been sealed by the Executive President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday as the NWC has been dissolved,” Bamgbose said. “How are the mighty falling in the midst of political battles. Tell it not at Wadata Plaza, so that the enemies will not rejoice. “The truth of the matter is, however, that Oshiomhole was the architect of his political misfortunes. It should be noted that he never foresaw that his days as National Chairman of APC are numbered. “As at March, this year, it should be recollected that I asked him to resign or be humiliated, as Buhari and Tinubu can’t save him from the impending political doom. “Amongst other things, I made it emphatically clear that, ‘Oshiomhole dug his own grave by being too aggressive. He should bow out in honour or be humiliated. “The APC as a party has already concluded to show him the way out. I seriously doubt if Buhari can save him. I don’t also believe that Tinubu can save him. He is indeed the architect of his misfortunes. “Party politics don’t go well with party activism. ‘It’s obvious that the game is over for him as he may never return as the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC. “This should serve as a lesson to others who are in position of authority. They should imbibe democratic principles as opposed to dictatorial tendencies. Farewell Oshiomhole.”