Bolaji Tunji, Special Adviser to former Oyo State Governor, Abiola Ajimobi, has shared some of the final moments of the deceased. Ajimobi died on Thursday from coronavirus complications. The former Senator was Deputy National Chairman (South) of the All Progressives Congress. He was appointed Acting National Chairman after the Court of Appeal upheld the suspension of the National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole. But Ajimobi could not function in the capacity due to ill-health. On Friday, Tunji paid tribute to the former governor on his Facebook Page. The spokesman said it was just like yesterday when Ajimobi received a call to visit Abuja to discuss party matters. Tunji said his late principal was not sure of who would follow him because it was a private flight and that he only went with his security aide. He recalled that Ajimobi, in his Oluyole home, said they would talk about the movement to Abuja since he had become the Deputy National Chairman. “Our office had to shift to Abuja. He was in his usual caftan and cap, always impeccably dressed even at home except when he does his exercise every morning in his blue track down and blue stripe Tee-shirt and branded cap. We will leave by 2.00 pm,” he said that fateful day. A special private flight had been arranged for him. Tunji noted Ajimobi radiated good health and his associates marvelled that he still looked so good for his 70 years. The aide said Ajimobi spoke with a few people in the courtyard before he left to prepare for the trip he never knew was going to be the last. “He had signed all the letters of appointment for the peace and reconciliation committee. He was so healthy, he was neat, he took all the necessary precautions even while he sat with us in our open office he was always with his face mask, we always observe social distancing. We were always quick to give him hands sanitizer anytime he touched something.” Tunji disclosed that there were three spots to wash hands before entering the premises – one at each of the main entrance gates and another by the entrance to the office…”So what happened? How did it happen?’ He stated that none of the persons around the former politician was sick. He quipped: “So where did this come from? I am still trying to find answers. He never wanted anything else after the general election. He only wanted to take a long, due rest after serving for 8 years without break. But another position was thrust on him” Tunji said he was so sure Ajimobi would get up the sickbed because “there were unfinished businesses. There were so many tasks that he had planned ahead to better the lot of the people. So I was convinced he would come to complete those tasks, those plans. I never knew it would end this way.” Tunji noted that he learnt much from Ajimobi, declaring that he was at a loss as everything happened within a month. “Did we see this coming? No. Not this. Not that you would go so soon. Were there signs? Yes. From the unlikeliest of sources. But not like this. Not to death. Though the music stopped, the melody continues. You will forever be remembered. Good night Sir.”