The Media Directorate of the All Progressives Congress(APC), in Imo State, has claimed that the eight years reign of ex-Governor of the State, Rochas Okorocha was disastrous to the Imo people. Kelechi Onyema, a member of the Imo APC Media and Publicity, in a statement on Friday, berated Okorocha of allegedly littering Imo with substandard projects ranging from constructions, public buildings and street infrastructures. The APC chieftain was speaking on Governor Hope Uzodinma-led government proposed construction of Roundabout at the site of a demolished tunnel in the state Recall that erstwhile Governor Rochas Okorocha had constructed the tunnel during his administration. A source from the construction company engaged by the state government told our correspondent in confidence that the state government had contracted them to build a roundabout at the site. While most residents have commended the demolition of the tunnel by the state government which they described as a disaster and a danger to road users because of the poor quality of the tunnels. Other residents who are mostly supporters of the former governor have described the action of the Governor Uzodinma administration as an act of vendetta. But, according to Onyema, “Okorocha’s Administration apart from being a family affair was notoriously known for all manner of substandard projects ranging from road constructions, public buildings, street infrastructures etc. “Right from the inception of that tunnel, Imolites never trusted the project and it’s durability as well as sustainability as it was said to be a death trap especially during the rainy season. “Cases of Flood around the area was the order of the day leading to the breakdown of vehicles around the tunnels thereby endangering the lives of Imo citizens, “he opined. The APC chieftain added, “Integrity test conducted by the Council of Registered Engineers of Nigeria (COREN) during the immediate past administration on the tunnels and other infrastructural buildings of the Rochas Okoroacha’s administration showed they were overtly substandard and posed a serious threat to Imolites that ply that route. “The pulling down of the aforementioned tunnels is a right step in the right direction by our working Governor Senator Hope Uzodinma and he should be applauded for doing the right thing to safeguard the lives of his citizen’s notwithstanding whose ox is gored. “We should commend our working Governor and support him in making our dear state the small London of Nigeria. And pay deaf ears to all enemies of the state as the Government is geared towards reconstructing, rehabilitating and recovering, “Onyema posited.