The Southern Kaduna People’s Union, SOKAPU, has called on the Kaduna State Government to immediately investigate the killing of one Mr. Yusuf Moses Magaji at the outskirts of Zango kataf town, in Zango Kataf Local Government Area. SOKAPU made call in a statement issued by its National Public Relations Officer, Luka Binniyat. It observed that the deceased, Yusuf Moses Magaji, 32, a father of two,f walked to his farm just on the outskirts of Zangon Kataf town, in the Southern part of the state and did not return as he was later discovered to be murdered. The statement reads, “Yusuf, a teacher and Tsam by tribe, is the son of retired Rev. Musa Magaji who resides at Kibori in Zamandabo ward of the local government. It is close to Zangon Kataf town. “It was from there that Yusuf had left to the farm and his failure to return home hours longer that he ought to, generated curiosity.” The statement added that already, Hausa-Fulani community of Zangon Kataf had warned Atyap natives from cultivating some farmlands near the town which they have been claiming ownership, stressing that the situation nearly led to a clash between the Atyap youths of Unguwan Wakili and those of Hausa-Fulani community last week. It stressed that it was under this uncertain condition of insecurity that Yusuf went to the farm that morning, stressing that his non return therefore prompted youths to go to the farm to find out why he had not returned. It said upon reaching the farm, Yusuf was not found, but a pool of blood, his phone and shoes were seen at the same place in the farm, pointing out that a search party was dispatched to look for him. The statement explained that in the early hours of today that his body was found dumped in a bush near a river that is the boundary between Zangon kataf and Kauru local government areas, alleging that he was slaughtered like a ram. His body of the deceased, according to the statement was recovered by a combined team of the police and soldiers and has been deposited at the mortuary in St. Louis hospital, Zonkwa. “SOKAPU condemned what the statement called heinous crime in no small terms and called for the immediate investigation of the evil act with a view to ascertain the killers and bring to justice. The statement noted, “While we commend the swift move of our traditional rulers and community leaders in calming down our tensed youths, we want to appeal to security agencies to be cautious in handling the situation. “We are, however, calling on our members in Zangon Kataf and Kauru local government areas to stay calm and not take the law into their hands, so as not to give further reason of breakdown of law and order.” The statement noted that the issue of ownership of farmlands between Hausa settlers of Zangon Kataf town and their long term Atyap host has been a subject of concern in the past two years. The union enjoined government to take proactive measures to ensure that a sustainable solution agreed by the two parties is reached.