Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki has emerged winner of the primary election of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP which held on Thursday. Obaseki will now fly the party’s flag as candidate for the September’s governorship election with the highest votes of 1,952 out of total accredited votes of 2024. 72 votes were, however, invalid. 2. Former Oyo state Governor, Abiola Ajimobi, is dead. Ajimobi died from complications arising from COVID-19 at 79 on Thursday. 3. The National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has been dissolved with Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State taking over as chairman of the Caretaker Committee/Extra Ordinary Convention Planning Committee. The decision was taken at the NEC meeting attended by President Muhammadu Buhari, Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, embattled Deputy National Secretary of APC, Victor Giadom and some members of the APC National Working Committee, NWC on Thursday. 4. The National Working Committee of the All Progressives Congress, APC, led by Hilliard Eta, has rejected the outcome of the National Executive Committee, NEC, meeting of the party. The NWC reiterated its earlier position that Chief Victor Giadom, a former National Secretary of the party, has no authority to convene a National Executive Committee meeting. 5. A total of five hundred and ninety-four new cases of coronavirus have been recorded in Nigeria. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, which announced the figure on Thursday, said Lagos State recorded 159 cases, while Delta State followed with 106 cases. 6. The Defence Headquarters says the Air Component of Operation Hadarin Daji, has taken out two bandits’ camps and eliminated bandit top leaders in Zamfara State.
The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, on Thursday, said the operation was executed on June 23, following series of Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) missions led to the identification of the camps and a cave where the bandits store their weapons as well as hide to evade attacks. 7. An Islamic human rights organization, the Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), has strongly warned the South West security outfit, Amotekun, to leave the Fulani alone and stop endangering the lives of Yoruba people living in the North and other regions of the country. MURIC said that Amotekun must focus its attention on attacks on the people of Ile-Ife by thugs sponsored by illegal miners and not on Fulani herdsmen. 8. The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Thursday, 25th June, 2020, discharged former Minister of Interior, Sen. Abba Moro, of the criminal charges brought against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in the 2014 Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) recruitment tragedy. Justice Nnamdi Dimgba held that the EFCC failed to establish ingredients of fraud that could link the lawmaker with the alleged offence. 9. A 20-year-old Isah Abdul has been killed in a clash that broke out between farmers and herdsmen at Garki Local Government area of Jigawa State. Spokesman of the state police command, SP Abdul Jinjiri, said the clash started when one Suleiman Chiroma 50, years old of the same village accused the deceased of allowing his animals to destroy his farm produce. 10. Liverpool are Premier League champions for the 2019/2020 season. The Reds were confirmed title winners without kicking a ball, following Manchester City’s 2-1 defeat at Chelsea on Thursday night.