One person was on Tuesday reportedly killed while over ten others were seriously injured in a communal clash that erupted between Abaomege and Isinkwo communities in Ebonyi State. Three other persons were also reportedly abducted during the clash by unknown hoodlums. Recall that the state governor, Chief David Umahi, had recently visited the warring communities and ordered them to seize fire, while assuring them that the state government will do all it could to ensure that peace returns. Just last week, the governor had ordered the Nigeria Army, Police and other security agencies to take over the two communities; Abaomege – Isinkwo to avert further killings and destruction of lives and property. He also ordered the State Ministry of Lands to take over the disputed land. But, the crisis allegedly persisted as one person was freshly killed while three others were abducted at the said warring communities. A reliable source in the community, who spoke to journalists in Abakaliki on anonymity, gave the name of the person who was killed as Nwata Ibe Ezigbo. The source stated that despite all efforts put in place by the governor to end the crisis; the people of Isinkwo have not relented in allegedly attacking the people of Abaomege. He said at least, three persons are missing from the attacks. According to him: “Yesterday evening, Isinkwo people attacked Abaomege again; they shot one person dead on the spot while 5 persons were left with bullet wounds.” The source said that the recent attack came barely 24 hours after the traditional ruler of Isinkwo apologized to Abaomege people over the attacks by his people. It was gathered that the said apology was rendered by the monarch during a peace parley convened by the Deputy Speaker of Ebonyi House of Assembly, Obasi Odefa Obasi. Mr. Odefa is the lawmaker representing the area in the Ebonyi State House of Assembly. The source said: “On Monday, the traditional ruler of Isinkwo Autonomous community apologized on behalf of his people and pleaded for peace. But 24 hours after that, an Abaomege man who went to spray pesticide on his farm was kidnapped and nothing has been heard of him since then. “As if that was not enough, at about 5:30pm on Tuesday, Isinkwo attacked some Abaomege residents in the comfort of their homes and shot one person dead on the spot while about 5 persons were left with various degrees of bullet injuries. “Only one woman out of the four missing persons was brought back by the police. We are suspecting the rest might have been killed since nothing has been heard about them,” the source said. However, all efforts to get the reaction of Isinkwo community leaders failed, as one of them who was contacted by newsmen at the time of filing this report, said he will address the press on the natter later. When contacted for confirmation, the Police Spokesperson, DSP, Loveth Odah, said she was not aware of the incident. “Let me call the Divisional Police Officer of the area to find out. I will get back to you”, she said. She subsequently did not take calls placed to her phone lines hours after the first call. Meanwhile, the Commissioner for Border Peace and Internal Security, Stanley Okoro Emegha, confirmed the incident. “Yes, I am aware of the incident and we are on top of the situation”, he Said He said the government has sent a reinforcement of soldiers, policemen and other security agencies to support the ones deployed to the area initially.