The National President Miyetti Allah Kautal, Hore Sociocultural Association, Alhaji Abdullahi Bello Bodejo, has refuted news reports that he made claims that Nigeria is a Fulbe country and that the Fulbe can enter anywhere without permission. He also refuted claims that the Fulbe are also raising 100,000 militiamen to enforce their will on every community in Nigeria. In a statement issued and made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, Alhaji Abdullahi Bello Bodejo lamented that his attention has been drawn to a news report making the rounds on Social Media, that the National President of Miyetti Allah, claims that Nigeria is a Fulbe country and that the Fulbe can enter anywhere without permission. He also refuted claims that the Fulbe were raising 100,000 militiamen to enforce their will on every community in Nigeria. Alhaji Abdullahi Bello Bodejo clarified that the news report is a blatant fabricated lie, stating that it is the work of the enemies of the Fulbe people who concoct insidious and malicious falsehood for their diabolical agenda against the Nigerian state. He explained that no doubt he was asked by the Sun Newspaper to react on the formation of Amotekun and he responded that every ethnic group has the inalienable right to defend itself against any aggression, including the Fulbe. He explained that Fulbe would pursue their legitimate business anywhere in Nigeria as the country is their inheritance as it is of other groups. He further explained that the Fulbe would form vigilante groups if necessary to ward off any threat against its people and the incessant cattle rustlings, which they have suffered for decades without respite from government and other communities. He alleged that more than 804 Fulbe people were murdered in cold blood in June 2017 and more than 10,000 of their cattle killed by Mambila militias in Taraba State and that there is the continuous killing of Fulbe people, stealing and rustling of their cattle in Plateau, Southern Kaduna, Benue, Zamfara with no arrest against the perpetrators. He described those who sustain the propaganda and hate speech against the Fulani Pastoralists as tribal champions and ethnic bigots. Alhaji Abdullahi Bello Bodejo added that with or without the Miyetti Allah group, the Fulbe have the ability, capacity and rights to defend themselves in Nigeria and indeed anywhere. He reminded those wishing the country ill to look for other means but leave the Fulbe alone, stressing that they have enough problems of their own without adding salt to injury.