Niger Police Commissioner, Usman Adamu has ordered a full investigation into the crisis that erupted between youths of Suleja and Tafa Local Government Areas which led to the death of a youth. The victim of the fight was Vincent Alabi, a 29 years old resident of the area. The Command stated this through the Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Wasiu Abiodun in Minna. He said a disagreement occurred between the youths of Gwazunu in Suleja and Gauraka, Tafa councils during a football match about a week ago. Abiodun said during the match with the Gwazunu youths in Suleja, a phone belonging to one of the Gauraka youths got lost and in the bid to seek revenge, they invaded and attacked the Gwazunu area on Sunday. During the free for all, he stated, ” one Nura Musa of Angwan Almajiri Gauraka in Tafa Lg was arrested by Vigilante members at Gwazunu area of Suleja Lg for mobilizing hoodlums known as “SARA–SUKA” to breach the peace in the area. He (Nura) was taken to Gwazunu Police outpost.” However, the state Police image maker explained that some youths of Gwazunu quickly mobilized in large numbers armed with dangerous weapons to the police station with the intent to lynch the suspect. “They came with dangerous weapons such as cutlass, stones, sticks, garrote and Dane guns, with intent to lynch the suspect, this caused pandemonium and disagreement among the crowd, a gunshot was fired from the mob which caused, one Vincent Alabi aged 29yrs of Gwazunu area injury. He was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital.” The CP then directed that the case be transferred to SCID Minna, while patrol has been intensified in the area to ensure the safety of lives and properties and forestall any breach of public peace. The command then enjoined people of the state to obey the rules and regulations of the lockdown order of the Niger State on COVID-19, even on the ‘’window days’’ of Tuesdays, Fridays and Sundays to maintain physical distancing, wearing of face mask and not engage in social activities like marriages and football games.