Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to listen to the voice of God spoken through mortals such as his erstwhile loyalist in the military, Colonel Abubakar Dangiwa Umar, rtd. The former military officer yesterday asked the President to be the President for all and make his appointments going forward to reflect Federal Character Principle. According to HURIWA, the major crisis of mutual distrust which weighs heavily against national harmony is as a result of cumulative angst generated by the consistent marginalization of most segments of the society by the current administration in the area of allocation of resources and appointments. The rights group said the President needs to amend his leadership style in line with the sound and qualitative counselling that was offered on a platter of gold by someone in the person of Colonel Abubakar Dangiwa Umar. HURIWA lamented that the President has tolerated the reign of unprincipled political urchins and sycophants who are all over the corridors of power and ”these set of hireling working for the Federal government have not allowed him to listen to the voice of the people even when the voice of the people is the voice of God.” HURIWA stated this in a statement signed by its National Coordinator, Comrade Emmanuel Onwubiko and the National Media Affairs Director Miss Zainab Yusuf and made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday. The rights group said it is imperative that Buhari, who retired as a consummate military General and had the fortune to serve as the military Head of State and again to be elected twice by millions of Nigerians calls his attack dogs and sycophants to order to stop barking. HURIWA said the President should take an introspective look at the qualitative and credible body of advice that was offered him by his kinsman and brother, Colonel Abubakar Dangiwa Umar. “We urge the President not to be deceived continuously by the bunch of never-do- wells and jobbers that are all over the place in the corridors of power but should be guided in wisdom to take the good aspects of the words of wisdom given to him by the retired military officer who has made a remarkable name for himself to be incorruptible and patriotic,” HURIWA said. HURIWA further reminded the President that Dangiwa reminded Buhari that millions of Nigerians believed in him prior to the 2015 presidential election and gave him a remarkable victory and for the first time in Nigeria’s democratic history, a sitting President was defeated. HURIWA also quoted a portion in the letter where Dangiwa pointed out that after the 8 years in office, Buhari’s achievements will not be measured solely by the physical infrastructure his administration built but that an enduring legacy would be based on those intangible things like how much he uplifted the spirit and moral tone of the nation. The group noted that the President in his last letter to the National Assembly requested approval of his government’s plan to borrow $27.3 billion but excluded South East and Edo from benefiting from the projects that would be executed with the loans. The group also noted that there is no Igbo military officer heading any of the arms of the Armed forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “There are over 2000 key appointments that Mr. President has made and majority of these have been skewed towards favouring the Muslim Northerners from Hausa/Fulani Ethnicity,” HURIWA said.