Some people suspected to be gunmen have killed another officer of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC). Gbenga Ekunola, Media Assistant to the Commandant General of NSCDC, Abdullahi Gana Muhammadu made this announcement in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday. Ekunola in the statement added that following the attack on Shell Gio Manifold and the killing of the officer in Rivers State by unknown gunmen at about 0330hrs on Saturday, Muhammadu ordered a massive manhunt for the perpetrators of the act. He said that the Commandant General condemned the killing of the Chief Corps Assistant Godwin Mbula. He maintained that the incident happened in the early hours of Saturday when gunmen invaded Shell manifold located at Gio and shot at the victim. He said the gunmen suspected to be oil bunkerers had gone to the manifold known as Gio to siphon oil but were resisted by the NSCDC men guiding the manifold. “The Commandant General said the nation is facing challenges with unrepentant vandals, adding that the Corps was also giving them sleepless time to reduce to the lowest minimum the nefarious activities of vandals across the nation. “Despite the attacks on our officers daily, we have vowed to bring an end to oil theft, bunkering activities, and the attack on all government critical infrastructures in the country”. Ekunola further revealed that the Muhammadu charged his men on the need to work closely with other sister agencies for effective policing, surveillance, intelligence, and information gathering, to ensure that the protection of lives and properties of the citizenry is guaranteed. He stressed that security agencies cannot work and achieve results without the cooperation of the people, adding that, it will take collective efforts of all security outfits to bring the perpetrators of this unrest to book. He further called on Nigerians to support the government and security agencies by providing them with helpful information as the public owes it a duty to the security bodies to identify criminals in the community.