Gunmen suspected to be bandits have killed the District Head of Yantumaki in Danmusa Local Government Area of Katsina State, Abubakar Atiku Maidabino. The State Police command confirmed that Abubakar was shot and killed at his palace Monday morning by the unknown gunmen. It was said that the gunmen rode on motorcycles and attacked the palace at about midnight. After sporadic gunshots, the gunmen proceeded into the palace, killing the 60-year-old district head. They also injured one of his security guards, Gambo Chakau, in the process. The funeral rites of the deceased took place at 11 am on Monday at his palace. The spokesman of the state police command, SP Gambo Isah, confirmed the attack and the killing of Abubakar Atiku Maidabino. He said the bandits later escaped into the forest and victims were taken to Danmusa General Hospital where the district head was confirmed dead by medical doctors. “Yes, it’s true. Investigations are ongoing,” Mr. Gambo told DAILY POST. DAILY POST had earlier reported the killing of the chairman of APC in neighbouring Batsari local government, Abdulhamid Sani.  Shehu Sani blames government after killing of APC Chairman, Abubakar Atiku by bandits in Katsina Police kill notorious kidnapper, arrest another in Katsina District head kidnapped in Kaduna These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More