In view of the recent increase in gender-based violence and sexual abuse, a non-governmental organisation (NGO) has tasked the media in Bauchi State to promote the Violence Against Persons (Prohibition) Act by educating citizens on the domestication of the Act in the state. This, according to the Executive Director of Women Advocates Research Development Centre (WARDC), Mrs Abiola Akiyode-Afolabi, will help in stemming the tide of gender-based violence and sexual abuse, including rape. The VAP Act was passed by the National Assembly in 2015 as an improvement on the penal and criminal code in relation to gender violence. The Act expands definitions of violence to include acts against men and boys and also provides protection for victims and survivors of violence and punishment of offenders. Speaking at a media sensitization training on the VAP Act in Bauchi, Mrs Akiyode-Afolabi informed that the Speaker of the Bauchi State of Assembly and the entire members of the House had on the 10th of June committed to accelerating hearing of the bill on the domestication of the VAP Act in the state. According to her, many studies have shown that society is endemic with incidences of rights violation and abuses as well as cases of discrimination against vulnerable persons. Akiyode-Afolabi stated that the increasing prevalence of the violence against persons has become a source of concern, lamenting that the country’s judicial system does not offer much protection against violence and abuse. “Until the passage of the VAP Act, there were a handful of states in Nigeria with specific laws targeting gender-based violence and abuse. “The content of the new law is tailored towards our environment, reflecting the realities of gender-based violence, discrimination as well as incorporating relevant provisions of international human rights laws and principles,” she stated. The WARDC Executive Director lamented that despite the enactment of the VAP Act, many are yet to know its content, declaring that the media have a bigger role to play in this direction. “The VAP Law has been in place for months now, how many people are aware of it? How many people have gained insights into its provisions? How many people have been charged under the law or conviction obtained? “Here comes the responsibility of the media. The media are recognized all over the world as an agent of socialisation and dissemination of information which moulds the morals, views and opinions of the society.