Over 100 houses, a Catholic church and property worth millions of naira were destroyed in several communities in Kanke Local Government Area of Plateau State, following a heavy rainstorm. DAILY POST gathered that the heavy downpour which started on Monday night lasted till the early hours of Tuesday and was accompanied by a heavy windstorm that blew off rooftops of several houses and rendered many families homeless. Our correspondent reports that most affected residents are currently stranded and homeless. According to Titus Bitrus, properties destroyed include shops and worship centres. “This destruction has left several people homeless and some squatting with relatives within the locality pending the renovation of their houses”, he explained. “The havoc caused by the rainstorm needs urgent attention from the Plateau State Government as well as spirited individuals and organisations in order to ensure that those displaced can return to their various homes as early as possible because this is the raining season”. He said He further explained that, “In Amper District, a private secondary school was also brought down by the wind. Meantime the Chairman of the Council Hon. Emmanuel Lar, who confirmed the incident, led top management of the Council to sympathise with the affected communities. Lar prayed to God to give the people directly affected the heart to accept the challenges in this difficult moment. “This situation is devastating, as several affected persons are squatting with friends in the community. Describing the situation as pathetic, the Council boss called on the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA), the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) and spirited individuals to come to the aid of the affected people. Narrating his ordeal at the side of the ravaged St Monica’s Catholic Church Kopgin, a clergyman, Fr. Bitrus Koprang’ah said, “The situation is quite shocking and traumatic, but thank God that no life was lost except valuables. Koprang’ah said the church will have no option than to resort to daily morning Masses under the trees. According to him, “Most of the electricity poles linking the community to the national grid within the axis were also destroyed”.