The Onimesi of Imesi Ekiti, Oba Olatunji Olatunde, has called on the people of Ekiti State to complement the efforts of Governor Kayode Fayemi to defeat COVID-19 pandemic. Oba Olatunde commended the governor for leading the fight against COVID-19 in the state which has made Ekiti one of the states with the lowest cases of the disease in the country. The monarch who spoke on Monday at the commencement of a free health check for residents of the town said COVID-19 was real hence the need to abide by regulations and protocols to prevent its spread. Describing Imesi Ekiti as a key border town which shares a boundary with Ondo State where COVID-19 cases are increasing daily, Oba Olatunde urged his subjects to cooperate with health professionals to curb the spread. The Oba also donated hospital testing equipment and labour room machines to the Imesi Ekiti Community Health Centre as a gesture to boost health care delivery and the capacity of health workers at the centre. Oba Olatunde who said he was impressed with the turnout of his subjects and non-indigenes who are living in the town noted that good health would boost the productivity of the people. He explained that he was in touch with the state COVID-19 Task Force in sending the statistics generated from the medical outreach for prompt action. He described Fayemi administration’s performance in taming the COVID-19 pandemic as excellent and exemplary in Nigeria. The free health service sponsored by the monarch for the residents started with those in the age bracket of 70 years and above and will run for one week in the first instance. The medical outreach was carried out in conjunction with the officials of Imesi Community Health Centre with social and physical distancing observed at the event. High Chiefs in Imesi commended Oba Olatunde for this, starting his activities with a free health mission which was an indication that he loved his subjects. The leader of the community health team, Mrs M.M. Adaba, said there was a need to raise the level of awareness on prevailing issues of public health in Imesi because of its position as a border town. She said no efforts should be spared in curtailing COVID-19 and other diseases.