TECNO Foundation has donated essential medical supplies to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) to support the fight against COVID-19. L-R: Rotimi Bankole, MD – SBI Media; Dr. Joshua Obasanya, Director, Disease Prevention – NCDC; Olajumoke Babatunde, Head – NCDC Lagos; Chidi Nwankwo, GM – TECNO Nigeria; Attai Oguche, Marketing Mgr – TECNO Nigeria; Martins Olajide; Head of Facility – NCDC Lagos; Aniefiok Ekoh, Head of Diagnosis – NCDC Lagos; and Dr. Everistus Aniaku, Lead, EOC – NCDC. The donation made at the Lagos office of the NCDC on Tuesday included 100,000 masks, 10,000 gloves, 1,000 Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), 5,000 googles, among others. A TECNO Foundation official, Attai Oguche, reiterated the importance of adequately equipping medical personnel who are at the forefront of the battle against the deadly virus.  “Health care workers are the most exposed to the virus because they deal directly with the cases. For Nigeria to win the fight against coronavirus, medical personnel should get all the support needed in terms of equipment and motivation.” “There is a need for material intervention at this time as we collectively battle COVID-19. Obviously, health care workers need more protective equipment to fight the virus and care for the cases. That is why TECNO Foundation is donating today” he said. He thanked the government of Nigeria, the NCDC and all medical personnel involved in the fight against the pandemic for the progress recorded so far and promised the continuous support of TECNO Foundation. Receiving the donation on behalf of NCDC Director General, Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, Mrs. Olajumoke Babatunde, Head of the Lagos office, commended the kind gesture. “The PPEs donated here today will be used judiciously because NCDC is supporting 36+1 states. Some of these items will be taken to the other states of the federation to support the response activities” she said. Dr. Everistus Aniaku, Director & Team Lead Emergency Operations Centre (EOC), NCDC, stated that, “TECNO Foundation’s goodwill will go a long way in helping us to respond to COVID-19 pandemic in Lagos state and Nigeria because we are here to support Lagosians and protect the life of Nigerians. We sincerely appreciate”. TECNO Foundation seeks to motivate and encourage charity activities that promotes the well-being of Nigerians by identifying and accelerating breakthrough solutions, ideas and conversations.