Popular Nigerian rapper, Folarin Falana, popularly known as Falz has called for a nationwide protest over the recent rape allegations and killing of innocent young girls in Nigeria. DAILY POST reported that Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, a 100-level Microbiology student of University of Benin, UNIBEN was allegedly raped and murdered by some unknown persons while reading in a Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, worship centre in Benin City. Her death has since led to reactions and a demand for justice by Nigerians. However, the general Overseer of RCCG, Pastor Enoch Adeboye commiserating with the family of the deceased, promised to assist the Nigeria police to bring justice and arrest the perpetrators of the crime. Speaking on the development, Falz took to his Twitter page lamenting the spate of injustice in Nigeria. He further called for a nationwide peaceful protest, adding that he is ready to challenge the government and bring justice to the lost souls. His tweet read: “It is so exhausting to see injustice continue to thrive time after time. Every time we say NOT AGAIN, and then there is a new story. Enough is enough. It’s too disheartening. “Justice must be served for the innocent souls we keep on losing. #JusticeForTina #JusticeForUwa.” The rapper called on Nigerians to become fearless and move out into the streets, adding that siting at home and clamoring for justice on social media is not enough. “It is important that we as Nigerians are fearless and we are ready to challenge the government through peaceful protests. “It’s not enough to sit in our houses and post on socials. Justice must be served,” Falz added. Pastor Adeboye reacts to alleged rape, murder of UNIBEN student inside RCCG church Justice for Uwa: Obaseki calls for immediate investigation over murder of UNIBEN student in Edo church Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this morning These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More