The Peoples Democratic Party in Rivers State has expressed concerns at the utterances made by a group of APC members in a video that has gone viral on social media. In the viral video the unnamed leader of the group threatened the peace of Rivers State, should the leader of the APC in Rivers State, Rotimi Amaechi not have his way in the current crises rocking the party in the state. State Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Sydney Tambari, in a statement described the utterances credited to the factional APC group as grossly inciting. The PDP appealed to the commissioner of Police, the Director Department of State Security to swing into action, arrest and prosecute everybody in the said video and their sponsors to serve as a deterrent to others and avert the recurrence of such an ugly incident. The statement read “The Peoples Democratic Party in Rivers State has expressed displeasure at the utterances made by a group of APC members loyal to the faction of the former Governor of Rivers State and Minister for Transportation, Rt. Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi in a viral video, wherein the leader of the group threatened the peace of the state should their leader and master, Amaechi not have his way in the current crises rocking the Rivers APC. “The PDP in the state wondered why the factional leader of APC will condescend so low to allow such a low life person and a miscreant to make misguided comments against the Executive Governor of Rivers State His Excellency Chief Barr. Nyesom Wike in their party self-inflicted crises. “Describing the utterances credited to the factional APC group as grossly inciting, offensive, and derogatory which is not be accepted by Rivers people, wondering why politics can not be played in a more tactical and decent manner in Rivers State by the opposition. “Recall that a similar situation has been witnessed in the state where hoodlums loyal to the Amaechi faction of the Rivers APC attacked the judiciary and attempted to stop a court proceeding in May 2018. “The state can not be allowed to go back to the dark days of the leadership of Rt. Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi as the Governor of Rivers State, where the judicial arm of the government was held under Siege, a situation where both Lawyers, Magistrates, Judges, and the entire judicial staff were locked out of the court premises for several months. “Never again will Rivers people fold their arms and watch the state being plunged into another unwarranted crises and bloodletting by this same unrepentant and bloodthirsty faction of APC members and their self-styled emperor adding that Rivers people will vehemently resist any further attempt by these miscreants to foist any form of break-down of law and order in the state.” Some unknown persons who claimed to be members of APC loyal to Ameachi in the viral video alleged that the Igo Aguma -led Rivers State APC was planning to suspend the former Governor. The group insisted that the alleged move by Igo Aguma and Magnus Abe with the support of Governor Nyesom Wike was wrong and could cause a crisis in the state.