The Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi, at the weekend ordered the Nigeria Army, Police and other security agencies in the state to confiscate a disputed land between two communities of Isinkwo-Ukawu and Abaomege in Onicha Local Government Area of the state. The disputed land, according to investigation has claimed some innocent lives, destruction of properties worth million of naria, youth hostilities among other war-like activities in the said communities. The governor made this known in a statement signed and forwarded to DAILY POST in Abakaliki through the Commissioner for Information and State Orientation, Barr. Uchenna Orji. Umahi warned the youths of the said communities to stop further killings and destruction of properties or taking laws into their hands, which will result into inflicting injuries on innocent people. According to him: “Ebonyi State Government is saddened over the activities of Isinkwo- Ukawu youths and Abaomege youths in Onicha Local Government Area, who have resorted to taking laws into their hands, inflicting injuries on the people of their communities because of land dispute. “The Governor, Chief David Umahi has accordingly directed the Army, the Police and other security agencies to take over the two communities and immediately restore law and order. “In line with the laws of the state, government has henceforth taken over the piece of land that is being disputed by both communities, effective from 6th June, 2020. Umahi further directed the state Commissioner for Lands and Survey to immediately move into the disputed land and acquire it according to the state laws without delay. “In this connection, therefore, the Governor has directed the Commissioner for Lands and Survey to immediately move to compulsorily acquire the disputed land for the state government in overriding public interest. “The Governor further warns both Communities to pull out completely from the disputed land. And all concerned are to take this matter seriously,” he stated.