The embattled Financial Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Mohammed Idris has debunked allegations of being backed by the Executive Arm of Government to divide the party. The party had been embroiled in crisis following a petition written to Niger state police Commissioner alleging lack of records for over eight hundred and forty-eight million, seven hundred thousand naira (N848,700,000) received and spent by the party. Following the petition, the Police invited the party Chairman, Jibrin Imam and other executive members to appear before it, but the executives of the party after a meeting sent a delegation led by the state Secretary, Bar Mohammed Liman to the Police. But, checks by DAILY POST revealed that, after addressing Journalists at the state APC secretariat after an extended meeting with members at both local and state levels, yesterday, Imam was forced to appear before the state Police Headquarters on Tuesday, where he stayed overnight (Wednesday) due to pressure from various quarters. Speaking to Journalists at the State Correspondent office, Minna, today, the financial secretary said his decision to raise the alarm was because of his conscience. According to him, “nobody influenced my decision, and I swear by the rise of this sun that nobody in Niger State has given me N50 as a bribe to do what I am doing. “So, I want the Press to get this one right as it is alleged by them that I have been given money to do what I have done. I swear that nobody has given me any money, it is my conscience that has given me the power to do what I have done.” Idris said “during the 2019 general elections, there were elections into the post of the President, Governor, Senators, House of Representatives and State House of Assemblies. “The source of our revenue within that election was party levies, in fact, the Governor paid the sum of N1 million as his party levy, I wrote him the receipt and we started collecting levies from all of them. The trouble started after some days when, I saw a withdrawal alert of N15 million, N6 million from one account, and N9 million from another account “As the financial Secretary, I have no records of financial dealings; my duties as contained in the Party’s Constitution article 14:8 have been breached. I was blocked from “receiving bank alerts on the transaction of the party”. The aggrieved financial secretary said, “when I resumed as the state financial secretary, based on the constitutional provision, I prepared myself, all the records were ready, the ledgers, cash ledgers, files and other things to keep my records, but to my dismay, my Chairman was totally against it, he said that I did not come to the party to audit them. I kept quiet, I didn’t say anything. Idris explained that the Party has many bank accounts but, he is only aware of two accounts in Zenith Bank and Heritage Bank. “The two accounts are domiciled in Zenith Bank. I was very surprised because I have no record, there is no memo to that effect, there is no approval, there was no working committee meeting to approve the withdrawal of that money. “On an average, we generated over N300 million during the council elections, that money was squandered without record, I didn’t have any single record, even a single paper, I didn’t have any as a record. “I was told we have savings in Heritage bank of about N300 million, that savings was meant for the congress but the government paid for everybody, so that money was not touched and supposed to be there.” “We raised N2.6 million cash in the two days from Federal and State Lawmakers, and was given to the treasurer but he didn’t remit the money to the bank. Idris further stated, “We raised over N100 million during the election as party levies, this money was squandered without any record; we have 25 members who from APC, they contribute N1 million each to the party, that money was diverted into a private account. “Then came the Local Government council elections, Dr. Shaffi withdrew N30 million, another N30 million was withdrawn on the 30th August 2019. “He withdrew N4 million, and also N17.6 million, N13 million, N4 million, N12.5 million.” It would be recalled that while addressing Journalists, yesterday, the state party Chairman said the party remains a supreme body and cannot be subdued by anyone, no matter the position the person holds in the state. He debunked the allegations of misappropriation of money levelled against the executives while describing the action of the financial secretary as mischievous. According to him, “No money is lost. We have been running the system in the most transparent manner, in fact, we run it as if it is a Ministry. We have been prudent in management. Also, he denied insinuations of a frosty relationship between him and the state Governor, saying, “our relationship is not bad, It is one of those things in politics. It is just that the party should be consulted on some issues that affect it.”