One Adewale Adeoye, who was arrested by the Ogun State Police Command for allegedly killing about 16 persons, has said he only killed three victims since he became a cultist. The police paraded Adeoye on Tuesday as a serial killer and cultist, saying he killed not less than 16 people in Ijebu-Ode area of Ogun State. Lately, Ijebu-Ode axis has witnessed series of attacks between rival cult groups. Lives were said to have been lost as the Aiye and Eiye Confraternities engaged in a supremacy battle, terrorising the ancient city. DAILY POST learnt that the police swung into action and arrested some of the cultists. The 30-year-old Adeoye was alleged to be a member of Eiye cult group. Police said he was arrested alongside five others at their hideouts in Ijebu-Ode. The Ogun State Commissioner of Police, Kenneth Ebrimson, said Adewale Adeoye, known as 16, and three others had been on the wanted list of the command in connection with several cases of cult-related killings in Ijebu Ode and its environs. However, while responding to questions from newsmen, Adeoye, who confessed to be a member of Eiye cult group, stated that he had only killed about three people. He said he was a professional printer and a drop-out from Michael Otedola College of Education, adding that he was rusticated from the college as a result of his involvement in cultism. Since then, Adeoye said he had become a thug, working for politicians. “I was made Chairman of a unit in the RTEAN in Ijebu Ode, but I can tell you that I have not killed 16 people, but only three,” he said. The police said Adeoye and his cult members were responsible for many cult related matters in Ijebu Ode and its environs. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More