Spokesman of the Nigerian Senate, Surajudeen Ajibola Basiru has exculpated President Muhammadu Buhari of lopsidedness in national appointments, some of which are passing through Senate screening for confirmation. He described as ‘beer parlour discussion’ those criticising the exercise of Mr. President, who has powers to appoint whoever he wants into political offices. The Spokesman was reacting to questions at a news briefing in Abuja after it was observed at Tuesday’s plenary that the “Chairman and Secretary of the Federal Character Commission are northerners.” Part of his reactions stated: “I want to tell you too that politicians can be mischievous. I am not saying any Senator is mischievous. “When you talk of the North, we have three zones, North Central, North East and Northwest, but when people want to be mischievous; when the appointment comes from North Central and they want to just make it as if it is from the North, this one is also for the north, but when it soothes them, they will talk of South East and south-west. “Now, specifically to the Federal Character Commission, the point that was raised by the Senate Minority leader, saying that the Secretary and the chairman also come from the North, did not specify whether it is North Central, North East or West. “With all sense of responsibility when you look at section 14(3), it does not talk about the strength of the appointment, but it talks about the composition to ensure there is a geopolitical spread. The Spokesman said the composition of the present FCC members who were drawn from every State and confirmed by the Senate on Tuesday was reflective of equity that shouldn’t be questioned. He continued: “Did he know whether the Secretary comes from North Central? The Senate President is from the North East, the President is from the Northwest. “They are all from the North but the people from the North have their own yearning and aspirations. “There is a difference between politics and reality and constitutionality. You can talk of the senate complicity or not if you are able to confront us with empirical evidence of lopsidedness. “Recently certain appointments were made for the people of South East, nobody talks, some appointments were made for the South West in the National Hajj Commission, there was never a time somebody from the South West was made a member, but now the present National Chairman of the Hajj commission is from Osun State”, he said.