The Association of Resident Doctors (ARD), Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital, Ogbomoso, has issued a 14-day ultimatum to the management and Oyo State government. The doctors gave the ultimatum in a statement jointly signed by its President, Dr Abraham Akintola, and General Secretary, Dr Abubakar Usman, on Thursday in Ibadan. The association said if its demands were not met at the expiration of 14 days, it would have no alternative but to begin a strike. Akintola disclosed that the decision to issue a 14-day ultimatum to both the management and the Oyo State government was reached at its general meeting held on June 9. The statement read in part: “At the last Ordinary General Meeting (OGM) of the association held on June 9, 2020, it was decided that enough is enough. “We decided to give the hospital management and Oyo State a 14-day ultimatum starting from June 11 to correct all anomalies bedeviling LAUTECH Teaching Hospital, Ogbomoso. “The congress also resolved to down tools at the expiration of the ultimatum until such demands are met.” Akintola lamented the negligence from the present administration, adding that they were tired of being placed at the back doors. The association demanded for Governor Seyi Makinde’s attention to restore the hopes of resident doctors at the teaching hospital. “The change of government in Oyo State was welcoming news to these health workers with the hope that this dispensation would sprinkle joy to the people of this institution. “Our aim was to meet His Excellency, Seyi Makinde and to present our daunting challenges. We never got that opportunity. “We engaged prominent members of this administration, including the deputy governor, secretary to the state government, Head of Service while many letters were delivered to the Oyo State House of Assembly leadership but all to no avail,” the statement added. Some of the demands by the doctors are improved salary scale of doctors to the corrected CONMESS, payment of new minimum wage as being enjoyed by other state workers since January 2020 and urgent payment of their two years half salary arrears from January 2016 to December 2017.