The Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) says it has commenced oil exploration in the Bida Basin in eight Local Governments in Niger state. The Corporation also revealed that the ongoing exploration is capable of adding 40 billion barrels to the nation’s reserve by 2023. The NNPC Group Managing Director (GMD) Mallam Mele Kolo Kyari stated this during a visit to Niger State Governor Abubakar Sani Bello in Minna to unveil the 2D seismic data acquisition in the Bida Sokoto basin. Kyari who spoke through the NNPC Group General Manager Frontier Exploration Services, Abdullahi Bomai, explained that so far, an in-depth geological and geochemical studies have revealed a strong presence of hydrocarbon-bearing indicators. According to him, it has been confirmed that there are oil and gas-bearing formations in the eight local governments which extends to two other local governments in Kwara State and one in Kogi State. “Further exploration activities based on the need for exploration in the Bida Basin, NNPC management has graciously approved the award of a contract to Integrated Data Services Limited (IDSL) and their alliance partners (BGP/CNPC International Nigeria limited to embark on immediate Seismic Data Acquisition to further unravel the presence of hydrocarbons in the Bida Basin. “We are indeed delighted for the opportunity of today’s visit to inform you of the activities of NNPC/FES and also to solicit for your support”. GMD then solicited the support, and participation of the state and local governments, traditional rulers and community leaders in achieving the national mandate, Excited at the news of the project, Governor Abubakar Sani Bello in his response assured the Corporation of adequate support while promising compensations to people who would be affected by the exploration. Bello stated, “we are all excited over the good news of the oil exploration. As you know, research in the development of the Bida Basin has been on for some times. “My administration will work with NNPC to ensure that communities are carried along and to compensate adequately communities that are going to be affected the oil exploration activities.” The council areas where exploration activities will take place include Mokwa, Lavun, Gbako, Bida, Katcha, Agaie, Edati and Lapai.