Heavy rainfall wreaked havoc in some parts of Minna, capital of Niger State, destroying property worth millions of naira. The downpour that came with ice drops started at about 8am and lasted 45 minutes, but left a lot of destruction behind it. Checks by our DAILY POST round the town revealed that several rooftops, houses, fences, were destroyed as well as trees, and electric poles among others were uprooted by the rainstorm. At the Sabon Tete area of Tunga, the heavy rain uprooted a big tree under which a motorcycle was packed along the road that took the efforts of several people including tree cutters to retrieve the already damaged motorcycle. The owner of the motorcycle, Mallam Danasabe Rijau and his wife Aisha in a chat with DAILY POST, thanked God for saving his life and described what happened as an act of God. Rijau, a father of nine said the rain, which was supposed to a blessing, has destroyed the only source of livelihood for him and his family. “Though, I thank God for saving me, I never knew this is going to happen to me today. This morning after washing my motorcycle and sat inside but, stepped out when the rain started. Few minutes later, when I looked back, I saw the tree on my Okada. If, I have not left the place, I would have died. I thank God for that. And, now with our only means of living destroyed, I need help to feed my large family, ” he stated. Along the Shiroro Road, the downpour also destroyed rooftops, and uprooted trees on the road including the two trees in front of the Federal University of Technology, which obstructed vehicular movements. To ensure free flow of vehicles, men of the state Police and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps, NSCDC were drafted to the area and tree cutters were busy cutting and clearing the road. The rain also raked havoc at Niteco, Bay Clinic, Sabon Gari, Centre Mosques areas among others where rooftops were blown away even as carpenters were seen carrying out repairs on them. Many others who spoke on the heavy downpour thanked God as no life has been so far lost.