Following the on-going trial of the founder of Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Prophet Babatunde Alfa, over the disappearance of a one-year-old boy from the church, the Prophet on Thursday opened his defence. The Prophet is standing trial before an Ondo State High Court in Akure, the state capital over the mysterious disappearance of Gold Kolawole from the Church’s children department. During his defence, Prophet Alfa’s Counsel, Olusola Oke announced to the court that 20 witnesses will give testimony for him and six other defendants to absolve them of complicity in the disappearance of Gold. The lead Prosecutor and Commissioner for Justice in Ondo State, Adekola Olawoye, said the prosecution will not tolerate any attempt to waste time. Three witnesses were listed to go through examination and cross examination on the first day of defence. The first witness to give testimony was Evangelist Bisola Alfa, the Prophet’s wife who said her husband showed concern and took action to find the missing boy before he became a guest of the DSS contrary to insinuations. But under cross examination by the lead Prosecutor and Commissioner for justice Adekola Olawoye, Mrs Bisola Alfa said she had always put her wards in children department though a statement of the head of children department, and 3rd defendant, Margaret Oyebola stated otherwise. Also, while being cross examined, Bisola said her husband never told her he suspected anybody of complicity in the case but a statement by the prophet already tendered as exhibit he suspected the 4th defendant, Grace Ogunjobi of a foul-play in the incident. The second witness was a pastor in the church, oluwasiji Olaniyi who said they all prayed in the church overnight the day the baby got missing. Oluwasiji said the following day, Prophet Alfa confronted Gold’s father and accused him of knowing the whereabouts of his son which made his wife flare up and vowed to stab him if he does not produce the toddler. Babatunde and his co-defendants are standing trial on a three-count charge to include conspiracy to aid and abet kidnapping, kidnapping and destroying evidence. The case has been adjourned to Monday for continuation of defence.