A 45-year old carpenter, Mr. Olufalayi Obadare, has reportedly been beaten to death by an angry mob at Olujoda Area of Ado Ekiti, Ekiti State. An eyewitness confirmed that the father of three was killed around 5pm when some youths in the area, suspected him for robbery and suspiciously roaming the streets, descended on the deceased and lynched him. The late Obadare, who lived with his family at Ilawe road, Ado Ekiti, was allegedly clubbed and attacked with other weapons, he was said to have slipped into a coma before he died. Investigation revealed that the Olujoda area has been under constant attack by robbers in recent times, which resulted in the action of the youths. Narrating the incident, the wife of the deceased, Yemi, said her husband told her of a contract he just secured at Olujoda area, lamenting that it was wrong for the youths to have mistaken him for a robber without cogent reasonS. The bereaved bemoaned the harrowing death of her husband and demanded justice for her husband. “My husband told me that he was going to Olujoda to get a contract. I was greatly surprised when I heard he was killed because of suspicion that he was wandering around. “The question to ask is that, did they see any dangerous weapon on him? Why couldn’t they take him to the person who contracted him for the job to know his true identity? This was a gross injustice and the perpetrators must be brought to book”. One of the deceased’s relatives, Mrs.Omowunmi Idowu, said she was shocked when notified that her brother, who suffered slight malaria a few days back, has been killed. “When I was told, I initially had the impression that he died of the ailment he complained about a few days back, but I was shocked to hear that he was beaten to death by some people. “When we spoke on the telephone, he informed me that he was going to secure a job at Olujoda area on that day without knowing that it would be his end”. She called on the police command to get into the root of the matter and bring the perpetrators to justice. The Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti Command, Mr. Sunday Abutu, when contacted, said investigations have commenced into the matter. Abutu said the remains of the deceased had been deposited in the morgue, while some people have been apprehended by police, in connection with the incident.