Sanni Umar, a former Special Adviser on Media and Publicity to ex-Vice President Namadi Sambo, has blamed First Lady, Aisha Buhari, for the recent shooting incident that occurred at the Presidential Villa. Umar faulted the role played by the First Lady that led to the incident that has received wide condemnation. DAILY POST had earlier reported the incident of gunshots at the Presidential Villa involving Aisha Buhari, members of her immediate family, her Aide-de-camp, Usman Shugaba and Sabiu Yusuf, a Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari. In an attempt to force Yusuf into self-isolation on his return from Lagos State, Aisha’s aide allegedly fired some gunshots, an incident that led to his arrests and other security aides at the scene. The First Lady on Friday called on the Inspector-General of Police, IGP, to release her security aides from detention. Appearing on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily on Monday, the former Presidential aide noted that it was not the duty of Aisha to force anyone into self-isolation but that of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). “If we are talking about the quarantine, we are talking about the NCDC. I don’t know how the wife of Mr. President will become a member of NCDC who will now go to quarantine somebody because the person has travelled to Lagos,” Umar said. Umar, who had lived in the Presidential Villa, pointed out that incidents such as gunshots being fired could happen due to external aggression but added indiscriminate shootings to raise tension and cause chaos must be condemned. “I appreciate her (Mrs. Buhari’s) concern because the person works with her husband and she doesn’t want her husband to be infected, but there are ways to go about it. “She can as well request the relevant agencies to take necessary actions to address the matter. But for her to take the issue personally and execute the action is very wrong and it is completely outside the known protocol,” the former PDP presidential campaign spokesperson added.