Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu has approved the nomination and appointment of Prince Gbolahan Wasiu Lawal as the new Oniru-Elect of Iruland. Lawal was Aide-de-camp (ADC) to the Bola Tinbu when he was the Governor of Lagos State. 2. The World Health Organization (WHO) has updated its guidance on facemasks amid the coronavirus pandemic. WHO Director-General, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, at a virtual news conference, announced that non-medical fabric masks must have at least three layers of different materials. 3. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has announced that six governorship aspirants in Edo will be screened for its primary election scheduled for June 22. Lanre Issa-Onilu, APC National Publicity Secretary, in a statement on Friday said the aspirants have bought, completed and submitted their expression of interest and nomination forms. 4. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) on Friday night, announced 328 new cases of COVID-19 in the country. Lagos recorded the highest number with 121 cases, FCT had 70, while Bauchi recorded 25. 5. Renewed border crisis between two warring communities of Ugep in Obanliku Local Government Area of Cross River State and her counterpart, Mbakunu in Kwande area of Benue State has claimed at least three lives with over 50 inhabitants of the community wounded. Report said many houses were burnt as well as property worth millions of naira destroyed in the ensuing hostilities among the two communities. 6. The Lagos State Government has revealed that if the state continues to record over 200 to 300 positive cases on a daily basis, it will soon run out of isolation centers. It added that with the increasing number of positive COVID-19 cases in the state, only moderate to severe cases will be managed at the isolation centers while the asymptomatic and mild cases will be managed at home. In a chat with journalists in the state on Friday, the Commissioner for health, Prof Akin Abayomi insisted the modalities for the community based/home-based care will be defined as to who qualifies to be managed at home and who will be managed at the isolation facility. 7. The Enugu State Ministry of Health has confirmed 3 new cases of Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) in the state. They all have travel history. Two of the new cases are male patients admitted for other severe underlying conditions. They are being treated at the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital (UNTH) Enugu, and who on a high index of suspicion were transferred to the hospital’s holding area while the State’s rapid response team was contacted for sample collection. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the reappointment of Umar Danbatta as executive vice chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC). Uwa Suleiman, spokesman to Isa Pantami, minister of communications and digital economy, broke the news in a statement on Friday. 9. The Kogi state government has lifted the lockdown imposed on Kabba-Bunu local government area of the state over suspected cases of COVID-19. Yahaya Bello, governor of Kogi, who announced this on Friday at the Government House in Lokoja, the state capital, said lifting the lockdown became necessary after samples taken from the LGA returned negative. 10. Chris Okotie, founder of the Household of God Church, has rejected the guidelines issued by the Lagos state government for the reopening of worship centres. The Lagos state government, on Thursday, announced that religious activities will resume in two weeks.