The Enugu State Ministry of Health has confirmed 3 new cases of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in the State. It also announced one COVID-19 related death in the State and discharge of three patients. The confirmation was contained in a statement issued by Dr. Obi Emmanuel Ikechukwu, the State’s Commissioner for Health. Obi, who said the three new cases had travel history, noted that two of them are male patients admitted for other severe underlying conditions. “They are being treated at the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital (UNTH) Enugu, and who on a high index of suspicion were transferred to the hospital’s holding area while the State’s rapid response team was contacted for sample collection. “The other case is also a male patient who developed symptoms and contacted the COVID-19 emergency number. He was assessed and subsequently invited for sample collection. “The results came out positive today (yesterday). On a sad note, one of the patients in UNTH with severe underlying conditions had died before the results returned. “Two of these cases hail from Nkanu West LGA of Enugu State and the other from Enugu North LGA. “Two of them came into Enugu State from Lagos while the other person came in from Rivers State. “On a positive note, 3 more cases have tested negative and consequently discharged from the isolation and treatment centres. “Thus, the current state of COVID-19 cases in Enugu State is as follows: 30 reported cases, 13 active, 16 discharged and 1 death,” it disclosed. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More