The police in Ogun State Police have arrested one Osas Onyeokwenu and his wife, Tomisin Onyeokwenu, for allegedly assaulting a 20-year-old ex-girlfriend of the man. DAILY POST learnt that the couple had lured the victim into an uncompleted building, where the wife, Tomisin, used a pair of scissors to tear the victim’s clothes, leaving her naked. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Monday, said Tomisin also allegedly inserted an empty bottle of Alomo bitters into the victim’s private part. According to Oyeyemi, the couple were arrested after the victim lodged a complaint at Agbara divisional headquarters. The police spokesman hinted that the couple also snapped the victim naked, threatening to upload it on the internet if she dares report the incident to anybody. The couple, it was gathered, owned up to the crime, but pleaded that they regretted their actions. ”The couples were arrested following a complaint by the victim who reported at Agbara divisional headquarters that her former boyfriend Osas Onyeokweni who is now married to her friend Tomisin Onyeokwenu called her on phone to meet him somewhere around Lusada area for an important discussion. “She further stated that on getting to the agreed place, she met Osas and his wife and they both lured her into an uncompleted apartment where Osas wife who was armed with scissors used the scissors to tear her dress and naked her. “After she has been naked, Osas held her down while his wife inserted an empty bottle of alomo bitters into her private part. They also snapped her naked picture and threatened to upload it on internet if she dares report to anyone. “Upon the report, the DPO Agbara division SP Dahiru Saleh dispatched his detectives to go after the couple and they were eventually arrested. “On interrogation, the couple admitted committing the crime but pleaded that they regretted their action,” Oyeyemi confirmed. Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, Kenneth Ebrimson, has directed that the suspects be charged to court as soon as investigation is concluded. He vowed that no violence against women in the state would go uninvestigated.