The twelve-year-old girl who was raped by 11 men in Dutse Local Government Area of Jigawa State has revealed she wants to go back to school to fulfill her ambition. DAILY POST reported that Police in Jigawa State arrested the eleven men in connection with the alleged rape of the minor. The girl, Farshina Ibrahim, a second child from her mother’s eight children, was one of the bread earners of her family and a caregiver to her siblings. She supported her family and younger ones by selling sachet water and other food items. The JSS 1 student of Galamawa Junior secondary school in Dutse said before she passed through the terrible situation her main ambition was to become a Doctor to help her family and society at large. DAILY POST visited the victim and she narrated how the terrible incidents started. “The incident started when I was selling fresh pepper and tomato, an old man asked me to take it to his house that he wants to buy, unfortunately when I git there, the house was empty, he then followed me with one other person and closed the door”. “Two of them closed my mouth, raped me at the same time I cried for help but no one could hear me, they then threatened to kill me if I dare tell anybody about the incident ” “Days after another man followed me to a stream where we are washing our clothes and raped me” “Another one also raped me when I was coming back home from school” “That is how they have been sharing me, whoever rapes me will tell another person, threatening to kill me for revealing it to my mother or any other person”. DAILY POST also spoke with the victim’s mother, 32 years old Lariya. The mother of eight said all the suspects took advantage of her husband’s absence and abused the child. She said her husband has been away from home to Burkina Faso for some months now, in search of a living and she supports the family with the income from her small trade. Findings by our correspondent revealed that Malam Ibrahim(victim’s father) left home to Burkina Faso because of too much debt in the community. Meanwhile, the Police medical report revealed that though the victim was seriously abused, she never contacted any sexually transmitted disease.