Reactions have trailed the appointment of Senator Abiola Ajimobi as the acting National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC. The National Working Committee on Tuesday night made the appointment, following the affirmation of the suspension of its National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole by the Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja, on Tuesday. However, this has stirred reactions from Nigerians as unconfirmed news making the rounds says Ajimobi is sick. Some Nigerians took to their Twitter page mocking Oshiomhole, while others expressed concern over the state of the ruling party. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @OgbeniDipo “APC names Ajimobi Acting National Chairman. Obaseki 1 – Oshiomhole 1. Ojoro cancel Ojoro. The Hunger Games will continue.” @KawuGarba “But there are reports that Ajimobi Abiola is badly sick, how can he control the party on that health condition? @EzeCollins02 “Ajimobi is a product of Oshiomhole’s illegality, his appointment is contentious.” @Ogannah “By the ruling of the Appeal Court everything Oshiomhole has done is null and void, meaning Abiola Ajimobi is not a member of your party’s executive. Your party is full of chaos and illegalities! @Temidayodaniel “APC names Ajimobi Acting National Chairman. I thought they said Ajimobi is battling complications from COVID-19.This year rugged gan oo, we are battling pandemic(s), APC is also confusing us.We will survive.” @Ogbenimide “Ajimobi is currently battling to save his life. This APC get as e be.” @Ugoeifeanyi “The game is actually becoming interesting. Oshiomhole will now focus on Supreme Court while Obaseki will go for PDP’s ticket.” @FranlEleanya “Interesting twist: Adams Oshiomhole forced Obaseki out of APC, a few hours later Appeal Court forced Oshiomhole out. Then, same APC is appointing Ajimobi as national chairman, who is reportedly in coma from COVID-19.This should be a movie.” @OlajideObe “There was news about Sen Abiola Ajimobi hospitalization few days ago. How can Senator Abiola Ajimobi on his sick bed effectively work as acting chairman?