The governorship candidate of the Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the Osun State governorship election Alhaji Moshood Adeoti has returned to the All Progressives Congress (APC). The former Secretary to the State Government, SSG, under Rauf Aregbesola, on Friday, announced his return and that of his supporters to the APC at his campaign office in Osogbo, the state capital of Osun. Adeoti dumped APC before the 2018 governorship primary election of APC when the National Working Committee decided to conduct a direct primary for the candidate. He said, “several political and opinion leaders in the progressive fold across the state and even beyond have been making numerous overtures and mounting pressure on my humble self and my numerous supporters on the need for our chickens to come home to roost.” According to him, the efforts of the likes of the former governor and pioneer National Chairman of the APC, Chief Adebisi Akande, immediate-past governor of the state and incumbent Minister for Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Adesoji Aregbesola and members of the State Elders Forum led by the former Secretary to the State Government, Chief Sola Akinwumi lead to his return to the party. He said, “It must not also go without particular mention the numerous efforts made by the current Governor of the State, Alhaji Isiaka Gboyega Oyetola, who in spite of his very busy schedule, tirelessly mounted pressure on me and my supporters through telephone calls and personal visit to my residence in lwo, in the company of the APC State Chairman, Prince Gboyega Famoodun and Alhaji Razak Salinsile, the state Secretary of the APC, on the need for us to return to the All Progressives Congress, where he said we rightly belong. “Efforts by former and serving state governors across the federation are also worthy of being mentioned.” He added. Adeoti disclosed that while at ADP, he made history with the party with the results garnered at the 2018 gubernatorial election in the state. He stated that despite having barely less than two months to prepare for an election of such magnitude he was able to poll 49,742, saying that no candidate in the political history of the state has ever neared that feat.