A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo State, Alhaji Bisi Olopoeyan and Senator representing Oyo South District, Dr. Muhammed Kola Balogun are currently at loggerheads over the chances of PDP in the 2023 elections in the State. The duo are members of the PDP in Oyo South District. While Olopoeyan said that it will be difficult for PDP to win the gubernatorial and other elections like it did in 2019, Balogun who is a Senator on the platform of the party, noted that the party has a brighter chance to coast home to victory in the elections. Olopoeyan doubted the certainty of the party’s re-election in the State in 2023. He lamented the neglect of the party members by Governor Seyi Makinde. He said aggrieved party members may not work for the party in 2023. Olopoeyan said, “Both Auxiliary and Kola Balogun are not members of the PDP. During our struggle ahead of the 2019 general election, Auxiliary was in prison, he has no voter’s card or membership card. “Kola Balogun was a member of ADC, even governorship aspirant, he did not partake in PDP primary; Bayo Lawal won the party ticket for Oyo South Senatorial seat but the ticket was taken away from him and handed over to non member of our party, in person of Kola Balogun. If not because of my support Bayo Lawal can never win Azeez Gbolarunmi in the primary but at the end of the day, the ticket was taken from him. And as a party man, I had to oppose it because he was not a member of our party, and that is the reason he did not value the party. “And I can say it boldly that if not because of our support Kola Balogun can never defeat Ajimobi, but we have to support him because I cannot vote for another party. “If he is a true party man, he would not be distributing a congo of beans as palliatives, while members of the House of Representatives such as Oluyemi Taiwo in Ibarapa and Stanley Olajide are distributing various foodstuffs as palliatives. Senator Kola Balogun and Auxillary are birds of a feather, there are other four legislators at the Federal level, none of them has raised an eyebrow over my outburst about the situation in our party”. However, Balogun in his own reaction, described Olopoeyan as someone who is not qualified to be a member of the party. He accused Olopoeyan of working for the opposition party in the State. Balogun in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST Thursday night said that PDP has a brighter chance to win the 2023 elections contrary to Olopoeyan’s claims. “I am too much to join issues with him. Does he even qualify to be a member of PDP? Someone who is working for the opposition party. Someone who is praising the opposition party in the State. Is that a chieftain of PDP? What we are trying to do in PDP is to reorganise the party and someone like him will not be there. “If we even have someone like him in PDP, the party may find it difficult, but without him, we will win the elections”.