Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, on Sunday announced that Nigeria recorded 260 new COVID-19 cases. According to the Agency, Abia recorded 67 cases, while FCT followed with 40, bringing to 12,486 cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria. 2. Governor of Abia State, Okezie Ikpeazu has tested positive for coronavirus. John Okiyi Kalu, Commissioner for information in the state, said the governor had gone into isolation before his result was confirmed positive, and ordered that the deputy governor would act on his behalf pending the time he resumed duty. 3. The Presidency on Sunday said it has uncovered an ongoing plot by the Nnamdi Kanu-led Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, to set the country against some of its allies, such as the US, UK and the European Union. The Presidency said this while alerting Nigerians and the international community of the move it described as a most misleading campaign wherein the group uses false allegations of persecution of Christians against the Nigerian State. 4. One of the sons of former vice-president Atiku Abubakar, Adamu, has said his father will run for president again in 2023. Atiku’s son stated this while presenting the one-year score card of his ministry as the Commissioner for Works and Energy in Adamawa State. 5. Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) on Sunday, announced that the result notification for candidates that sat for the 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME) is ready. In JAMB’s weekly bulletin by its Head of Media and Information, Fabian Benjamin, the exam body said the results which had earlier been made available through SMS, can now be accessed and printed. 6. The Anambra State Government has announced the discharge of eight more Coronavirus patients from protective care, after they showed signs of full recovery from the COVID-19 infection. The state’s Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday in Awka, stating that the patients were discharged after their results for the disease returned negative. 7. The passage of the $5.513 billion loan request by President Muhammadu Buhari will save 20 million jobs, President of the Senate Ahmed Lawan said at the weekend. Lawan explained that the National Assembly did not give frivolous approval, adding that Nigeria was able to get concessionary, multilateral or bilateral loans with very favourable conditions of one per cent, 10 years or 20 year moratorium. 8. The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has asked the Court of Appeal sitting in Lagos to set aside a judgment of a Federal High Court and to order public disclosure of asset declaration details submitted to the Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB) by President Muhammadu Buhari, Vice President Professor Yemi Osinbajo, governors and their deputies and other politicians since 1999.” According to SERAP, “The failure or refusal by the CCB to provide the information requested by SERAP constitutes a violation of their right to freedom of information guaranteed by Article 9 of the African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights.” 9. Personnel Assistant to the Senator representing Adamawa North Senatorial district, Ishaku Elisha Abbo has been arrested by the Police for impersonation and forgery. Senator Abbo’s PA, Zaman Abasiriyu who has been working with the lawmaker since the inauguration of the 9th Assembly was picked up by the Police on the instructions of his principal after a series of letters were written by him fraudulently soliciting for contracts. 10. The Ooni of Ife, Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, Ojaja II has lost his grandmother, Madam Comfort Faramobi Ajoke Olasoji Soji-Opa. Mrs. Faramobi gave up the ghost on Saturday night at her residence in Ile-Ife at the ripe age of 103 years.