Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni says his administration will fully apply the state’s laws on rape which stipulates life imprisonment for rape cases involving minors or 25-years jail term when it involves an adult. The Governor through the Director-General Press and Media Affairs, Mamman Mohammed gave the warning in a press release issued on Friday in Damaturu. Governor Buni then tasked community leaders in the state to be extra vigilant and report any case of rape in their domains to appropriate authorities. He equally charged the police and the judiciary to conduct adequate investigations and expedite action on the judicial process and procedures. “Government will fully apply the state laws on rape which stipulates life imprisonment for rape cases involving minors and where the victim is an adult, the culprit shall be jailed for up to a term of twenty-five years”, he warned. According to Governor Buni, the Yobe State government will not tolerate any abuse deliberately caused by reckless persons who have no control over themselves. “The full wrath of the law will be applied on anyone who is proven to have committed rape in the state” he warned. The Yobe State laws against rape, kidnapping and unnatural offences signed into law in 2018, provides for life imprisonment for the rape of minors and 25 years imprisonment for the rape of adults. The law also stipulates that ”whoever commits the offence of kidnapping shall on conviction be punished with imprisonment of not less than fourteen (14) years”. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More