There was pandemonium on Monday night when gunmen suspected to be cultists attacked a local drinking spot along Custom road area in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State, killing three persons and critically injuring several others in a renewed cult war in the state. Among those killed was a 50 years old Landlord, Mr. Niceman Agonebi popularly known as “Honorable” an In-law to the former Deputy Governor of the State, Hon. Peremobowei Ebebi. A female Restaurant owner, who is popularly called Madam Odey, had her jaw torn apart by the stray bullet of the rampaging cultists, while others received fatal gunshot wounds. An eyewitness told DAILY POST that the gunmen arrived at the custom road in a commercial tricycle popularly known as Keke NAPEP at about 8pm and opened fire on their target who was in the midst of people at the local drinking spot. The suspected cultists, who were reportedly armed with assault rifles, shot sporadically at everyone on the street. Many residents and passerby were reportedly critically injured while running for safety. The arrival of the operatives of the State Police Command and some officials of the Bayelsa State Vigilante Service and State Volunteer Force led to a hot chase of the gunmen. They, however, escaped through the Edepie/Tombia areas of the State capital. DAILY POST also gathered that the men of the Bayelsa Vigilante Service and the State Volunteer force are already launching a raid on black spots in the state capital. The Acting Chairman of the State Vigilante Service, Hon. Doubiye Alagba said the State government has gathered useful information on the activities of the cult groups involved in the killings and will ensure they are brought to book. Hon. Doubiye Alagba, who confirmed the incident and visited the scene, condoled with the families of the victims and restated his call on the leaders of the cult groups to desist from the dastardly act and embrace peace or face the consequences of playing otherwise. DAILY POST learned that the incident is not unconnected with the ongoing rivalry between some members of the Icelanders and the Bobos also known as De Bam. When contacted on the development, the Spokesperson of the State Police Command, Asinim Butswat, confirmed the incident and assured that the perpetrators will soon be arrested and brought to book.