The Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja, on Tuesday affirmed the suspension of Comrade Adams Oshiomole as the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC. The former Edo State Governor was also suspended as a member of the ruling party. The court upheld the earlier ruling of an Abuja High Court, which in March 4, 2020 suspended Oshiomole and asked his to stop parading himself as the national chairman of the party. Justice Eunice Onyemanam, in a unanimous judgment in the first appeal, held that the FCT high court had territorial jurisdiction to have entertained the suit as it did. The appellate court also upheld the withdrawal of his rights and privileges as national chairman of the party including his security details by Police and State Security Service. The court predicated its decision on the ground that Oshiomole as the first appellant is based in Abuja while the APC also had its national headquarters in Abuja. In the judgment on the second appeal delivered by Justice Mohammed Lamido, the court disagreed with Oshiomhole that their right to fair hearing was breached. Justice Lamido further said that there was no basis for the two appellants to hold that they were denied fair hearing during proceedings at the high court. The appellate court further held that the suspension of Oshiomhole from ward 10 of Etsako local government of Edo state was ratified at the ward, local government and state levels as required by law. Besides, the court agreed that identities of those who suspended Oshiomhole were not in doubt because in their unchallenged affidavit, they made it clear that they were party members and officers of the party. In the final analysis, the court said that the appeal lacked merit and was subsequently dismissed. In the two dismissed appeals Oshiomhole and APC were the appellants. Respondents are Comrade Mustapha Saliu, Anselem Ojezua, Alhaji Sank Gomina, Oshawo Stephen, Hon Fani Wabulari, Evangelist Princewil Ejoghargo, Inspector General of Police and State Security Service.