The Conference of Nigeria Political Parties (CNPP) has expressed the fears that Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, the Spokesman for the Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, may not come out alive from police detention. Ugochinyere was arrested on the alleged orders of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila. He was arrested at his residence in Abuja in connection with the allegation of bribery made against the House of Representatives and the Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila. His team of lawyers had earlier claimed that the CUPP Spokesman was manhandled while being arrested by the police He was arrested despite a Federal High Court in Abuja, on June 4, restraining the police and the Department of State Services, DSS, from arresting the opposition party’s Spokesman. CNPP, an umbrella body of all registered political parties and political associations in Nigeria, made the claim in a statement to DAILY POST on Sunday by its Secretary General, Chief Willy Ezugwu. The umbrella of registered political parties also cried out that there is a well thought out plan to take Nigeria back to the days of disregard for the rule of law and stifle the voice of the opposition ahead of the 2023 general election. CNPP further alleged plots by those it described as ‘anti-opposition elements, to infect the CUPP’s Spokesman with the dreaded COVID-19 by keeping him in detention together with those who have the virus. “This became evident at the weekend when the police came up with an administrative bail option, demanding as part of the bail terms, a Permanent Secretary, who owns a landed property in the Federal capital Territory (FCT),” CNPP added. “How on earth can an opposition spokesman get a Permanent Secretary, who was appointed by the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) government, to sign a bail bond? “Is it not even more of an impossible task when the instigator of the arrest of Mr. Ikenga, the Speaker of the House of Reps, is serving the APC interest in the National Assembly? This is a calculated attempt to keep Ikenga in custody as long as possible. “Our major fears at the moment is that Mr. Ikenga may not come out of police detention alive. Our findings show that not only that Mr. Ikenga is kept in a crowded cell of about 40 people, people arrested for contravening the COVID-19 protocols and curfew have continued to be added to the cell. “This may be part of a plot to ensure that Mr. Ikenga does not leave the police custody alive. It is surprising that at a time the Police authorities are expected to decongest detention facilities nationwide as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the contrary is the case,” CNPP said. It called on all citizens of good conscience to note that the life of the CUPP’s Publicity Secretary is in danger and that the police authorities should be held responsible if he tests positive for COVID-19 after 14 days of his release.