Personal Assistant to the Senator representing Adamawa North Senatorial district, Ishaku Elisha Abbo has been arrested by the Police for impersonation and forgery. Senator Abbo’s PA, Zaman Abasiriyu who has been working with the lawmaker since the inauguration of the 9th Assembly was picked up by the Police on the instructions of his principal after a series of letters were written by him fraudulently soliciting for contracts. In a statement issued on Sunday by the Special Assistant on Media to the lawmaker, Mr. Michael Bolgent, Abbo alleged that the embattled aide was involved in underhand deals that have cast aspersion on him as a federal lawmaker. The statement explained that Abbo’s aide, Zaman impersonated as the Senator representing Adamawa North, who deceived the unsuspecting public through letters bearing his name asking for favours, noting that he got to know about it after his name had been badly damaged. According to the Senator, the aide has already been shortlisted by the Nigerian Navy preparatory for his enlistment, wondering why he reverted to bringing public disgrace after he was helped. “My PA used my letterhead documents, forged letters to MDAs in Abuja, demanding award of contracts and employment for unsuspecting persons that he extorts money from. Zaman was involved in criminal activities using my office since October 2019 when I was accused of obtaining N2 million fraudulently. The lawmaker further revealed that the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (SCIID) Panti in Lagos was petitioned against him for obtaining money. “When I went through, I discovered that people put up my picture on Facebook, soliciting for money and names were called”, he said. Abbo said, he became enraged and swung into investigations and eventually discovered that it was his Personal Assistant that was involved. He expressed regret that some elements were making political capital out of the arrest of his PA which was effected on June 1, adding that people have linked the development with the frosty relationship he has with Adamawa State governor.