Chukwuemeka Eze, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress(APC) and erstwhile National Publicity Secretary of the defunct New People’s Democratic Party, (nPDP), has called on Nigeria judges to be wary of being lured into partisan politics as well as allowing themselves to be used as agents of wrongdoers in the pursuit of selfish vendettas by the political class in the country. Eze stressed that public confidence in courts should be upheld through the prompt and unbiased service of justice to deserving parties in all matters. He said courts should not be likened to a regular supermarket where wares are displayed and sold according to the capacity of one’s purse. Eze made this known in a statement on Tuesday, saying courts should encourage party conflicts to be managed with the mechanism of internal dispute resolution to strengthen leadership and managerial skills among political institutions. He posited that regular interference in party conflicts will only expose the courts to public odium, disrepute and mockery. On the power tussle in the fold of the All Progressives Congress,(APC), in Rivers State, Eze insisted that Aguma remained the clog in the wheel of peace, progress and unity of the party in the state. He described the APC chairman as a skilled traducer who had allegedly acquired proficiency in political treachery and deceit in time ago. “Why Aguma would scheme to impose himself on the people when in fact, party faithful, through their representatives have recovered what was stolen from them and are rebuilding for better output. Aguma’s scheme is contrary to every recognised standard of civilised behaviour, democratic ethics and decorum and should not be allowed to thrive. “Aguma will only succeed to liken himself to the biblical enemy who went and sowed tares among wheat when men slept at night, and will definitely be uprooted from the field of politics and be thrown to the trash can history as a matter of consequence, ” Eze asserted. Recall that Justice Omereji of the High Court in Port Harcourt had during the week delivered judgement on two matters relating to the Rivers APC crisis. Dele Moses and 9 others had approached the court to declare them authentic candidates for the party’s congresses in the state while Aguma, on the other hand, had approached the court, challenging the composition of the caretaker committee. However, the judge declared a former House of Reps member, Aguma as the party’s authentic Chairman. Justice Omereji also granted all prayers of Dele Moses & Ors., to the effect that only those who bought forms to contest in the 2018 congresses of the APC in the state should be allowed to participate in any fresh congresses whenever it is rescheduled.