Nigerians on social have shared their different opinions on the decision of President Muhammadu Buhari to back a former Deputy National Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Victor Giadom, to act as the party’s National Chairman. President Buhari had on Thursday, declared that “the law is on the side of Victor Giadom”, in his quest to become the Acting National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Buhari made his position known in a statement signed by his spokesperson, Garba Shehu, on Wednesday evening. The president explained that he has received “very convincing advice” and will hold a virtual meeting with Giadom tomorrow (Thursday). Reacting some Nigerians feel that by this decision, it was over for Adams Oshiomhole, the suspended National Chairman of the party. They also opined that Buhari’s declaration is against the National Leader of the party, Bola Tinubu. Here are the thoughts as expressed by some Twitter users: @Okeysco, “Game over for Adams Oshiomhole.” @AdeOnafonokan, “This is where I draw the curtains with the APC as a party.” @Bugy_don, “We told Oshiomhole to give up on this foolish godfather quest, that Edo state is not a play ground for minions, he said no, he has forgotten so quick the intellectual sagacity of Edo people, this is just the beginning of his political journey to oblivion.” @Godswin_Charisma, “I’m sure Buhari doesn’t even know what is happening with the APC because of the high level of hyper-dementia he is suffering from. The thing is, he took sides with what was offered to him. Forget Garba Shehu’s talk of him being someone who respect the law. It’s a hoax.” @OvieAli, “The same Giadom that was said to have been thrown out of the Aso Rock yesterday.” @Ozzyhor, “There is an adage in my place that says ‘it isn’t one lane that leads into the market’ lets wait and see the outcome of the meeting tomorrow, the hunter may just have decided to act like the monkey so to be able to lure and capture the monkey.” @PaulOseakson, “Buhari destroyed APC after using it to win.” @Oluwatomititus, “I have been supporting PMB since his advent in 2015 , I think posterity will judge some of us that has defended him in thick and thin. I think it’s high time I call it an end with my support for him. I wish him all the best.” @MistaGomez, “This shows that the primaries conducted in Edo state on Monday by APC is null and void. Zamfara and Rivers loading again.” #trolls_queen, “But what it means is already stated there in the thread. The law is the law. Perhaps, I have refrained from speaking about the Giadom drama because I amt not seized of the facts. Let’s see how it all pans out.” @PMB2023, “You don’t want this problems to end, let it continue until it lead the scam party to its grave.” @Naijawatch, “Game over for Tinubu. Now we know who was behind the masquerade! #StopTinubu.”