Saturday, 13th June 2020 has come and gone, but its lessons – collective victory will remain indelible in our hearts and minds in many years to come. What a moment to witness, a time to relive, a day to be alive, a month to be born, and a year to remember! On that fateful date with destiny, no one could have predicted the exact outcome of the Pmagbe election for the position of Chairman. On one side stood Prince Hamzat Kabir, and on the other side was Ali Adoyi. And so the dice was cast. Who amongst the two candidates would emerge Chairman of Pmagbe? When I saw my Igbo brothers leave their businesses to ensure they voted and their votes counted, when I saw my Yoruba sisters close their shops to also vote; when I saw nursing mothers and the elderly on the queue, Pmagbe residents from diverse backgrounds trooping out in their hundreds to cast their ballots, that was when it all soaked in. The stakes were truly high. With those numbers yesterday, it was possibly for events to turn sour, and devolve into anarchy. But for the firm, sterling and unbiased leadership of Pst. Wale Elekolusi, Chairman of Pmagbe Electoral Committee (ELCOM). Together with his team, he delivered a highly organised, transparent, free, fair and credible election. So while the counting of votes was ongoing, Prince Hamzat, Ali, Pa Onyema (who we fondly call Papa), Doc (Simon), Mrs. Helen Samuel and a few of us sat around a cluster of tables to celebrate the then “outgoing Chairman”, Prince Sode, whose birthday coincided with the election day. Joyously, we chorused happy birthday songs to the celebrant. But from time to time, agents and Campaign DGs to both candidates would come to do “updates”, each time we sent them back with the words “politics is over, we are now celebrating”. Then, I began to notice that both Prince Hamzat and Ali started to feel at ease; the tensions subsiding. For me, I believe that that was the turning point of both candidates coming to the full realisation that no matter what, ‘Pmagbe is one, and our community comes before every personal interest’. First, there was a loud shout, followed by a victory parade. And then silence. The votes were being recounted. At the last count, a different echo erupted. TIE, STALEMENT, call it what you may. That was until Ali took the microphone and announced that he was stepping down for Prince Hamzat. In Ali’s words on marble “if the price of nation-building is blood-letting, then it is not worth it.” The atmosphere erupted the more, and people around carried him shoulder high. Such gamemanship and maturity. Prince Hamzat showed magnanimity when accepting his election as Chairman, urging all to embrace unity and harmony. Leadership at its best. During the conciliatory hugs and fist bumps, I heard someone say “no Victor, no Vanguished”. But I simply nodded my head. Yes, there are no vanquished, but certainly there are Victors: Pmagbe Community and residents. How would you remember Saturday, 13th June 2020? For me, it would be the day Pmagbe exceeded every expectations, and redefined democracy. Our Community has truly and almost perfectly demonstrated how to play politics without bitterness, acrimony and violence. The day a new generation of heroes/sheroes of democracy was birthed The day two fine gentlemen – Prince Hamzat and Ali – joined forces to advance the cause of their community The day that rapid development and transformation dawned on Pmagbe The day we showed Nigeria and indeed the world how grassroot mobilisation and elections should be conducted. And this is key. I strongly recommend that INEC should adopt the ‘Pmagbe Model’ in subsequent elections, especially the forthcoming Ondo and Edo States Gubernatorial elections. The Pmagbe Model pivots on the underpinning principles of issues-based campaign, gold standard selection process that produces candidates with proven track records, just to mention a few. It is important to mention that Pmagbe was able to record such resounding success despite zero grant and zero allocation. Finally, I will remember it as the day that Pmagbe etched itself in the history books. No doubt, when the events of Saturday, June 13, 2020 shall be recounted, history will definitely remember Pmagbe: a small community whose landscape is like a dot in the world’s map, but whose tales of triumph rippled beyond the shores of Ushafa. Ekene S. Imelikachi Secretary, Pmagbe Layout Landlords Association, Ushafa