The Akwa Ibom State police command said it has apprehended one Etteidung Okon Stephen, a 60-year-old village head of Ibesikpo Asutan local government Area for allegedly defiling an 11-year-old girl. The command added that it also arrested one Victor Victor, a pastor in one of the churches in Ntak Inyang, Etim Ekpo L.G.A of the State for defiling an 8-year-old girl. The Police Public Relations Officer in the State, CSP Frederic Nnudam in a Statement on Tuesday explained that the village head bought bean cake(akara) from the victim and asked her to come into his room to get her money, unfortunately, on reaching the room, the suspect grabbed the victim and forcefully had unlawful carnal knowledge of her. The PPRO further explained that the pastor defiled the 8year old victim who was sent by her guardian to deliver a tin of peak milk to him. Other cases of rape as contained in the Statement were, “on 1/4/2020, at about 2:00am, f one Peter Emmanuel Ekanem ‘m’ on the basis of an outcry by a victim of a case of rape which prompted a good spirited individual to place a distress call to the Police. Investigation revealed that the suspect conspired with other suspects now at large and forcefully took the lady at gunpoint to a primary school field in Ikot Akpa Ekpuk village, Ikono LGA where she was raped. Suspect confessed to the crime. A locally made pistol was recovered from the suspect. Investigation is in progress. “On 28/5/2020 at about 9:00am, based on reliable intelligence, Detectives of Ibesikpo Asutan Division arrested one Henry Okon Henry ‘m’, aged 30yrs of Mbokpueyokan, Urue-Offong Oruko L.G.A, but resides at Ikot Ambon, Ibesikpo Asutan L.G.A. Investigation revealed that the suspect forcefully had unlawful carnal knowledge of his 17-yr-old niece, and also threatened to kill the victim if she attempts to escape or raise alarm. ”Following a complaint on 13/6/2020 at about 5:20pm, Operatives of ‘C’ Division arrested one Solomon Emmanuel Okon ‘m’ and Becky Umoretuk ‘f’. Suspects conspired and lured a 26-yr-old lady to their house and unlawfully assaulted her with fist blow and machete, in the process Solomon Emmanuel Okon ‘m’ forcefully had unlawful carnal knowledge of the victim.” He said all suspects will be arraigned in court on completion of investigations, adding that the fight against gender-based violence and other crimes will be heightened to ensure that perpetrators do not have a safe haven or escape justice in the State