The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday, berated President Muhammadu Buhari for violating his oath of office by using the Federal Executive Council (FEC) Chambers and government resources to conduct the affairs of his party, the All Progressives Congress (APC). PDP said the action of Mr. President, in using public facilities and resources for APC’s National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting was the height of corruption as well as a desecration of the sanctity of the seat of power and our national values. A statement by PDP’s spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan said: “Never in the history of our nation has governance been so devalued to the extent of using the hallowed chamber of the highest executive body in the country, where high-level executive decisions are taken, for an illegal, wrongly constituted and Nicodemus meeting of a political party. “This shameful development is a further manifestation of the level of impunity, recklessness, disrespect for rules and disdain for our laws by the APC administration, whose latest action exposes a move towards instituting the art of running processes and programmes through illegality, illicitness, illegitimate and unlawful means driven by crude force and naked power.” The opposition party also called for the resignation of the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami. PDP explained that Malami should have advised Buhari and the party against using the Presidential Villa for their NEC meeting. The statement added: “It is even more distressing that the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami, is part of this desecration of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) by functioning as a notary public to a political party and using official facilities of FEC chamber to administer oath of office to a functionary of a political party, in total disregard to his oath of office, the code of conduct prohibitions under the 5th Schedule and extant public service rules. “This is the same Attorney General, who has been prosecuting others for alleged but unsubstantiated use of public resources for activities of their political parties. “Malami has therefore become ethically challenged to continue in office as the Chief Law Officer of our nation. “Our party therefore demands that the Attorney General should immediately resign from office and surrender himself for prosecution.” Recall that the immediate past APC National Secretary, Victor Giadom had convened the NEC meeting with the backing of Buhari at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Thursday. Giadom had summoned the meeting to resolve the current leadership crisis bedeviling the ruling party. At the meeting, NEC had dissolved the party’s National Working Committee, NWC, while appointing a Caretaker committee headed by the Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni. Speaking during the meeting, Buhari also urged aggrieved members to suspend their legal matters because the fortune of the party was at stake. Buhari had warned that APC was at the verge of self destruction.