Femi Fani-Kayode, former minister of aviation has alleged that more Christians have been killed under the President Muhammadu Buhari administration than any other in the history of Nigeria. The former minister said this while lamenting about the recent killing of Christians in the country, especially in the Northern region. According to him, Northern Nigeria was presently the most dangerous place for a Christian to live on earth, adding that the region had become a slaughterhouse for Christians. In the past few days, some communities in Kaduna State have experienced fresh attacks, leading to the loss of lives. Over the years, Kajuru Local Government Area of Kaduna has become susceptible to attacks and killings from alleged herdsmen. Recall that some unknown gunmen suspected to be herdsmen had last week Wednesday attacked Tudu village in Doka, Kufana District of the local government. The gunmen were said to have killed nine persons and set many houses ablaze. Reacting, Fani-Kayode described those that deny that more Christians have been murdered in this government as “the sponsors of the genocidal maniacs and mass murderers.” According to him, the attempt by the Presidency to deny the crimes against humanity is irresponsible yet expected. He said this in a series of tweets on his official Twitter page on Sunday night. The post reads:”The humiliation, persecution and marginalisation of Christians in Nigeria over the last 5 years is self-evident. The ethnic and religious cleansing, wholesale slaughter of northern Christians is undeniable. “Those that deny this are the sponsors of the genocidal maniacs and mass murderers.
Nnamdi Kanu, Asari Dokubo, Anniko Briggs, Shola Salako, Tony Nnandi, Baron Roy, Gani Adams, CAN, leaders of the MB and the South, Church leaders, Christian clerics, yours truly and millions of others that have pointed out this reality over the last few years have the truth. “The attempt by the Presidency to deny these heinous crimes against humanity, though shameless and irresponsible, is to be expected. “To say that Christians are not being slaughtered in Nigeria is like saying Hitler and the Nazis never murdered 6 million Jews during the holocaust “Worse still it is like saying that pigs, cows and goats are not being slaughtered in abattoirs. Northern Nigeria particularly has become nothing but a slaughterhouse and a graveyard for Christians.” He mentioned that the Northern region has also been described by Donald Trump and numerous international organisations as the most dangerous place on earth for Christian’s to live. “More Christians have been murdered under the watch of Muhammadu Buhari than at any other time in our history outside of the civil war,” his tweet added.