Senator Shehu Sani, a former lawmaker who represented Kaduna Central Senatorial District at the upper legislative chamber, has blamed the government for the recent killings in Katsina State. The Katsina State police command yesterday said that unknown gunmen killed Alhaji Abdulhamid Sani, Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Batsari Local Government Area of the state. The Police Spokesman, SP Gambo Isah, confirmed this in a statement in Katsina, saying that the incident happened at about 1:35 p.m on Sunday. According to him, Sani was killed when he resisted to be kidnapped by the hoodlums. The District Head of Yantumaki in Yantumaki District of Danmusa Local Government Area, Katsina State, Alhaji Abubakar Atiku Maidabino, was also murdered by armed bandits riding on motorcycles who invaded the traditional ruler’s residence around 12:00 am. They were said to have killed him and injured his security guard, Gambo Chakau. Reacting to the ugly incidents, the former lawmaker tweeted, “The Killing of the Batsari APC chairman, Abdulhamid Sani and the murder of a District Head in Dutsen Ma LGA, Alhaji Abubakar Atiku Maidabino, by bandits in Katsina State, few days after the massacre of tens of others, once again, reports the failure of the Government and the security agencies.” Gunmen kill APC Chairman in Katsina Police kill two kidnappers, arrest 6 bandits in Katsina Police kill notorious kidnapper, arrest another in Katsina These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More