The North-East zone of the All Progressives Congress, (APC) has endorsed the nomination of Architect Waziri Bulama (Borno) as the National Secretary and Alhaji Wali Shettima (Yobe) as its Deputy National Auditor. The zone also endorsed the nomination of Abubakar Musa (Taraba) as the zonal youth leader. The nominations of the trio to fill APC’s key positions was ratified by the National Executive Council of the party. Mamman Mohammed, Director-General Press Affairs to Governor Buni in a statement said the endorsement took place at the zonal meeting of the party in Gombe on Saturday. In his remarks, Governor Mai Mala Buni, said Yobe and Borno States share many things in common and can stand for each other in every circumstance. The statement quoted Governor Buni as saying, “We are one and the same entity, we will support Borno for its aspiration for the office of the National secretary just as they supported Yobe State when l contested as national secretary of the party on two occasions. “Borno and other states in the zone also supported the aspiration of Sen. Ahmed Lawan for the office of the Senate President to which we remain grateful.” He urged chieftains of the party to work towards strengthening the party to win the other states in the zone for APC. Also commenting, the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan said the maturity and unity exhibited by the governors and zonal leaders of the party gives the party a lot of hope. He described the support given to him as Senate President as a collective victory for the zone and pledged an all-inclusive approach to build the party. Governor Zulum commended Yobe State for conceding the office of the national secretary to his state. He said, “this act of support and cooperation would further strengthen unity, cohesion and commitment to the party.” APC Zonal Vice Chairman, Comrade Salihu Mustapha, said he was happy with the peaceful resolution of the pending challenges surrounding the vacant office. He urged all elected officers, party stalwarts and supporters to cooperate with the party leadership to build a strong party.