The Police in Yobe State have nabbed two suspected armed robber in a recent encounter with the criminals in Gaidam Local Government Area. The arrested duo; Garba Sale of Nguru Local Government and Shehu Usman of Gaidam Local Government were part of a syndicate that specialized in robbing unsuspecting members of the public particularly in northern part of the state. ASP Dungus Abdulkarim, Yobe State command’s Public Relations Officer, disclosed this in a monthly crime update made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday in Damaturu. Items recovered from the hoodlums according to the PPRO included: “1 AK-47 riffle, 25 rounds of 7.62mm live ammunition, 1 empty AK 47 riffle magazine and other offensive weapons. “The gang of six (6) armed with lethal weapons on June 24, 2020 at about 0200hrs attacked the house of one Adamu Bulama Jabure and his son one Idi Adamu of Dilawa Village in Geidam LGA. The miscreants demanded the sum of Nine Hundred Thousand (N900,000:00) Naira only. “The hoodlums threatened to return later in the day for collection of the money as the Victims promised to make it ready. “Detectives from the Divisional Police Headquarters, Geidam and the community trailed the hoodlums and engaged them in a shootout at their location in Digara village, Geidam where four of the armed robbers fled with various degrees of injuries while two were arrested after the encounter. “Efforts are ongoing to arrest other fleeing syndicate members for interrogation and subsequent prosecution”, ASP Abdulkarim said. In another development, the State Police Command has discovered and diffused some improvised explosive devices in Damaturu and Buni Yadi Local Government Areas of the state. The Command through Public Relations Officer was assertive that more of these explosives may be buried in the ground in places like Geidam, Damaturu, Tarmuwa, Dapchi, Kanamma, Gulani and Buni Yadi towns. “On June 20, 2020 in Gujba L.G.A, one Adamu Haruna found one of the unexploded bombs on his farm. He unknowingly took it to his house. “However, while trying to dismantle the object, it exploded and injured him on various parts of his body. He is currently receiving treatment at the hospital”, Abdulkarim narrated. As the farming season progresses, the command warned people in the state particularly those who engage in cultivation of crops and other agricultural activities to report any suspicious object(s) on their farms to the nearest Police station.