The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Zamfara State has apprehended and paraded alleged fake officials of the FRSC, named Ismaila Abdullahi for extorting money from jobless people and pretending to offer them employment with FRSC in Zamfara State. Addressing newsmen in Gusau, the State Capital, the Sector Commander of FRSC in the State, Mr. Uchechukwu Peter Wihioka said the suspect entered into a mosque and asked the Imam Alh. Aminu Mai Dala to announce that there were job vacancies at the FRSC in Zamfara State. According to the sector commander, the suspect, Ismaila Abdullahi demanded for N2,000 each from the applicants amounting to N37,000, saying that interview for the jobs would take place on Wednesday at Sambo Secondary School in Gusau. Wihioka further told newsmen that the suspect demanded that each applicant come to the interview with the sum of N 35,000 for uniform, training etc. He explained that immediately the news got to his office, he deployed men from the intelligent unit who swung into action and arrested the suspect and interrogated him. The suspect confirmed that he collected N2,000 each from the applicants for his transportation to Abuja. Abdullahi, however, refuted claims that he impersonated himself as FRSC official saying that he did not mention the name of Federal Road Safety Corps butt insisted that he told the job seekers that the name of his organization is Nigeria Food Safety and Hygiene Surveillance Corps, a Non Governmental organization (NGOs). “I have no business with FRSC and cannot parade myself as its official. My organization is a registered one” he said. “I can prove beyond every reasonable doubt that my organization is a fully registered Non-Governmental Organization”. Abdullahi said that he was the Northwest zonal director of the Organization, pointing out that their zonal office was in Kano State. However, the FRSC has since handed him over to the State Police Command for further interrogation after which the sector Commander said he would be prosecuted in a court of competent jurisdiction.