The National Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, Adams Oshiomhole was, Tuesday challenged to produce the party’s membership register for every state across the country. Oshiomhole was also challenged to show the mechanism for conflict management in APC after two years of his leadership. These demands from Oshiomhole were made following the persistent intra-party crisis rocking the party. An APC stalwart, Salihu Moh. Lukman, raised the issues against Oshiomhole in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja. It was mainly based on the allegations that the APC doesn’t have membership register and defined conflict mechanism that Lukman accused Oshiomhole of reneging on the promises that brought him to power in 2018 as National Chairman of the ruling party. In his words, “It is quite unfortunate that we found ourselves in this stagnant political water of brazen acts of imposition of candidates through some applications of crude technicalities under the leadership of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole as national chairman of the party. “Recalling his fascinating proclamation while announcing his intention to aspire for the office of National Chairman of APC on May 10, 2018, it is not reconcilable that the same Comrade Oshiomhole is today as the National Chairman of the party perpetrating the direct opposite of what he promised in 2018. Two points are worth lifting from Comrade Oshiomhole’s speech of May 10, 2018. “… we will ensure that we identify and where necessary verify who is a member of APC. For us, the irreducible minimum for the party leadership is to have a credible membership register that cannot be altered at the whims and caprices of anyone. “The register will be available to any member of the party who desires it. It is important to note that the idea of a credible membership record agrees with the vision of the founding fathers of the party which led the establishment of the APC Data Centre in Lagos.” “I challenge Comrade Oshiomhole to publish APC’s membership register for every state of the country. No one should push us into debate about modes of internal party elections without producing the register of voters. “It is like getting the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to conduct elections without displaying voters register. It will be criminal, and it will undermine every known democratic principle. “The second point Comrade Oshiomhole made in 2018 was “…we shall put in place mechanism for conflict management. “We know that in human interactions, there are bound to be conflicts arising from differences in opinion and perspectives. “The responsibility of the party will be to engage in consensus-building and conflict management. In particular, we will intervene in the lingering crises between Governors and members of the National Assembly in their respective states as a result of poor communication, conflict of interest, or just being victims of rumor-mongering. “When I am given the privilege to lead the party by being elected at the National Convention, we will proactively engage all the parties involved in such conflicts with a view to helping them to find common ground on the basis of justice, equity and fairness, and without bias. Part of the statement reads, “Where is the mechanism for conflict management in APC today after two years of Comrade Oshiomhole’s leadership? “Can Comrade Oshiomhole mention just one instance where the party under his leadership is able to resolve any of the crises in the party? “Or, can Comrade Oshiomhole just mention one case where the party was able to get members to build consensus? “I have had reason in the past to appeal to Comrade Oshiomhole to apply his negotiation skills in leading the party. Unfortunately, he (Comrade Oshiomhole) dismissed my appeal called me names, which goes to show how intolerant he become, a confirmation perhaps that power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. “These two points, membership records and mechanism for conflict management are at the heart of all the challenges facing the APC today. “It is unfathomable that rather than deliver on his promises as outlined in his May 10, 2018 speech, he has descended to the same old abrasive politics of turning logic upside down just because he wants to demonstrate his power. “To the extent that we are back in the trenches of undemocratic and brazen conduct of party leaders, we must rise to the challenge of engaging our leaders to rescue our party, APC, from the hands of leaders who are intolerant. “That was the incentive, which guided the process leading to the emergence of APC. No one, no matter his/her position should take Nigerians for a ride. Whether in APC or out of APC, nobody should imagine that party members don’t matter”. Further, Lukman affirmed that APC leadership as currently constituted under the leadership of Oshiomhole was allegedly imprudent and cannot be entrusted with the task of leading the party.