President of the Nigerian Senate, Ahmad Lawan has said that President Muhammadu Buhari would in the next few days intervene in the crisis rocking the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. This was part of what Lawan told State House correspondents immediately after his closed-door meeting with Buhari in Abuja on Sunday. Lawan said that the myriad of challenges shaking the foundation of the APC must not be allowed to degenerate any further. The Senate President said he discussed the crisis rocking the APC and why President Buhari must step in. “But I also had the opportunity to talk to my President and my leader about the challenges in the APC. “I believe that we have to deal with these challenges, this is the ruling party of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, with the President, with the control of the National Assembly, with more governors than any other political party. The situation should not, must not, be allowed to degenerate further than it has,” he said. Lawan said the ruling party must visit its constitution and see how it can address these crises, which according to him, must must not be allowed to continue as it is today. He noted that when APC is stable, Nigeria will automatically be stable because it is the party running the affairs of this country. “Because, the party is supposed to be part of the apparatus of running government. We are supposed to run or operate or implement or execute the manifesto of the party. And, therefore, the party is so key, so central, so essential to ensuring that government whether on the executive or legislative side continues to face those issues in the manifesto and of course the manifesto will be to make Nigeria better. “So, I had the opportunity to discuss that with the President, who is the leader of the party in Nigeria and, by the grace of God, in the next few days, we will see certain actions which will be taken and we are praying that all our leaders in the party across the country will make every possible effort to get the party reconciled,” the Senate President said. Following the suspension of Adams Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the APC, the party’s National Working Committee, NWC, appointed a former Governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi as the acting National Chairman. And this move seemed to have started a new phase of crisis as Victor Giadom, a Deputy National Secretary of the party, insisted that the order of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT High Court issued on March 16, 2020 by Hon. Justice S.U Bature in Suit No. FCT/HC/M/6447/2020 to the effect that he is to act as the National Chairman of the party following the suspension of Oshiomhole remains valid. Giadom later arrived at the APC’s national secretariat Abuja on Wednesday morning where he held a press conference, declaring himself as the authentic acting National Chairman. The situation became messier when the Vice Chairman of the APC (South South) Prince Hilliard Eta, took over as the ruling party’s Acting National Chairman and sacked Giadom as the party’s Deputy National Secretary. The internal crisis has led to the Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki dumping the party for the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Just yesterday, the Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Hon. Abgoola Ajayi formally withdrew his membership from the APC. Ajayi who tendered his resignation letter to the Chiarman of Apoi Ward 2, Samuel Ajayi and the ward Chairman, David Turo in his hometown of Kiribo in Ese-Odo Local Government Area of Ondo was welcomed into the PDP fold shortly after denouncing his APC membership. 