Some of Ex-BBNaija ‘Pepper Dem’ housemates have come under attack for describing Ella as deceitful and pretentious. Drama on Monday night ensued during the BBNaija Reunion show after the official host, Ebuka Obi-Uchendu, asked the housemates to mention who betrayed them the most. Most of the housemates in attendance on the show; Mercy, Venita, Sir Dee, KimOprah, Diane mentioned Ella. Venita making reference to how Ella pulled a stunt on them regarding her mother’s health described Ella as deceitful with bipolar disorder. Other housemates also accused Ella of being deceitful because she ignored them after they contributed for her mother’s health condition. According to them, Ella created the impressions to Nigerians that other housemates were not supportive. This brought a lot of drama to the show last night as Ella broke down in tears while explaining that she had a reason for being unavailable to them. This did not go down well with Nigerians as some took to their Twitter pages attacking Venita and Mercy for bringing such an issue on national Tv to embarrass Ella. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Vibes_Major “Venita and mercy are both very evil. I wished Tacha won the BBN, even though ELLA was wrong on her part, you can’t just humiliate your fellow woman like that on national TV.” @Adedoyin “Mercy and Venita are my girls but they f*cked up last night. What happened to be your sister’s keeper? Help people because you want to and not because you need their gratitude. This conversation shouldn’t have made it to this show at all. Totally uncalled-for.” @EddyYoung “Venita literally just embarrassed Ella publicly. That’s a conversation not meant for TV.” @Madamnneka “This just reaffirms the fact that begging people for money basically strips you of your freedom of speech and even value. That’s why Ella was trampled upon today. Hustle, so your mates won’t insult you so blatantly on National TV. So unfortunate.” @Vannybytweet “So it is ok for Venita to bully and humiliate Ella like that but the same girl got nuggets for Tacha for hyping herself in the name of “bringing people down”. Venita I hope you never have to watch any of your children humiliated like you did Ella today. You need serious help! @Jachimma “This BBN crew are more than childish. They’re wicked, they’re vile, they’re insensitive and lack emotional intelligence. Acting like a bunch of teenagers.Venita Akpofure, you should be ashamed of yourself.” @FatherNonny “Venita and Co really thought it was a good thing to use the health of Ella’s mum on National TV to score points, no regard for humanity whatsoever. Cannot imagine how embarrassed and depressed she and her mum would feel tonight.” @Bruteforce “Dear Ella, what you owe yourself after this disgraceful night is to pick up the broken pieces of your life, accept ur shame, reevaluate ur mistakes and decide to deliver a result oriented life. Tonight will either make or break you forever. Choose wisely.” @IfeOG_ “I really don’t get why it was okay to discuss that sensitive issue on live television. Totally uncalled-for.”