Armed bandits have stormed some villages in Shiroro Local Government setting homes on fire and rendering villagers homeless. This is coming barely 48 hours after an attack on the local council. The bandits also kidnapped residents and stole farm produce. The villages currently under simultaneous siege by the bandits include Kokki, Jabuki, Guto, Gwaja, Sundna and Kokki-Magami, all under Gurmana Ward in Shiroro local government. The DAILY POST learned that many houses in Kokki community were set ablaze and about 10 people were said to have been kidnapped A source said though no life was lost, the bandits carted away unquantifiable valuables such as herds of cattle, food produce, motorcycles and other properties of the people before setting their houses on fire. Kokki and Kokki-Magami had last Friday suffered an attack, alongside two other communities, when bandits raided the local government. The Co-convener Concerned Shiroro Youths, Sani Abubakar Kokki confirmed the incident saying a majority of the people in Kokki village have lost their homes and most of their cattle to the bandits. He said that reports at his disposal indicate that simultaneous attacks took place in six villages in Gurmana ward on Monday night. “It took more alarming dimensions as the atrocities committed by the heartless criminals this time around include arson among others”, he said. ”They set many houses ablaze, kidnapped quite a number of people and carted away unquantifiable valuables including herds of cattle, food items, motorcycles among others,” according to him. Further decrying the situation Kokki noted, ” The heinous activities committed by the terrorists in Shiroro local government area have become a regular occurrence and have left the affected locals homeless, hopeless, helpless and hapless”. ” Our people have been abandoned to their fate as these communities do not have the presence of security despite the series of attacks.” However, when contacted, the Niger State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), ASP Abiodun Wasiu said details on the attacks would be made available when he gets them.