Local Government Chairmen who were asked to leave their offices under the umbrella of Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON) Oyo State chapter on Saturday have said that they have declared a 3-day fasting period for the quick recovery of the immediate past Governor of Oyo State, Senator Abiola Ajimobi. The suspended council bosses made this declaration in a statement made available to DAILY POST by its Chairman, Prince Ayodeji Abass-Aleshinloye. DAILY POST gathered that the former Governor has been at a Lagos hospital over an undisclosed ailment. But, Abass-Aleshinloye in the statement noted that they declared the three-day fasting which starts on Saturday in order to ensure quick recovery of the former Governor. He noted that those who wished the former Governor dead have been handed over to God. He said, “It is on this basis that we at ALGON have directed our members, all councilors, political appointees and other well-wishers to proceed on a-3 day fasting and prayers commencing from June 20th 2020 at our respective locations for his quick and speedy recovery. This could have been done congregationally but for the dictate of time occasioned by coronavirus pandemic, we asked everyone of us to observe it individually. “Either one wishes him dead or alive, death is an inevitable end and every living soul must taste it. So, why are we in a hurry to proclaim him dead when his appointed time is not yet ripe. It is an aberration even in the land of the living to wish one’s enemy dead. “God gives and takes life, hence no individual has powers over the life of others. Senator Abiola is full of life and in his characteristic bubbling mood. We enjoined well-meaning Nigerians to disregard the news. “Senator Ajimobi who was known to have been suffering from complications arising from COVID-19 pandemic in the recent past has been suddenly rumoured to have died by some dimwits and evil thinking people. “ALGON Oyo State Chapter wants to categorically and emphatically state that Senator Abiola Ajimobi, our leader is not dead, will not die but liveth. He has achieved tremendously in his chosen career. Even if he dies today, he has lived well and only the Almighty Allah has his judgement at hand. “The man who is known as the builder and architect of modern Oyo served his dear State meritoriously for good eight years does not deserve to be wished dead especially now that he has been elevated and saddle with the new responsibility to pilot the affairs of the All Progressives Congress, APC, nationwide. Senator Ajimobi will surely overcome the ailments and come out better and stronger to fulfill his God destine purpose on the planet earth. “Those who pray and wish Ajimobi dead have been handed to God for deserved judgement. The earlier they have a rethink from their devilish thought the better for them.