Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Nigeria on Tuesday recorded its highest COVID-19 cases in the country, with 663 cases. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, confirmed that Lagos State recorded 170, while Ogun State followed with 108 cases. 2. The Defence Headquarters has said that troops of 192 Battalion, Gwoza, Borno State, conducted a well-coordinated commando raid on Boko Haram terrorists’ hideout at Kwatara on the Mandara Mountains. Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, said the successful operation led to the neutralization of several Boko Haram members while many others terrorists fled with gunshot wounds. 3. Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State said from Wednesday, June 10, 2020, the Quarantine Order will be amended to permit a significant reopening of the State, especially businesses and places of worship. He said this after 75 days of partial lockdown, following the invocation of the Quarantine Act and the Kaduna State Public Health Law, to impose the Quarantine Regulations on March 26. 4. The Niger State Government has relaxed the lockdown imposed on the State, after almost three months, to curb the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. Announcing this after a series of meetings with members of the COVID-19 Task Force in Minna, the State Governor Abubakar Sani Bello, said with the eased up COVID-19 lockdown, the curfew will now be observed from 10 pm to 4 am daily. 5. The House of Representatives has urged the federal government to end the entry of illegal herdsmen into Nigeria from other African Countries. The House on Tuesday following a motion moved by the Minority Leader, Ndudi Elumelu asked the Federal government to set in process the motion to amend the ECOWAS treaties on free movement of people and goods. 6. The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has prepared a proposal, which includes guidelines that would ensure safe and efficient conduct of its operations. NYSC Director of Press and Public Relations, Adenike Adeyemi, quoted the Director-General of NYSC, Brig. General Shuaibu Ibrahim, as making the comments when the DG of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, paid him a courtesy visit in Abuja. 7. The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kafin Kuka, Kofar Gabas ward of Katagum Local Government Area of Bauchi State has suspended the Senator representing Bauchi North senatorial district, Adamu Bulkachuwa, over his alleged absenteeism from the constituency since he was elected. Addressing journalists at the party’s Bauchi North zonal secretariat in Azare, the APC chairman in the ward, Sa’adu Muhammed, alleged that since being inaugurated as a senator, Bulkachuwa has deserted the party and his constituents. 8. A law firm, Rahael Adakole & Co (Lighthouse Chamber), on Tuesday took possession of the Abuja Headquarters office of Telcom Satellite Ltd. Television (TSTV). Owned by West African Business Platform Ltd., the claimant, the property was retrieved in respect to the judgment by Justice Yusuf Halilu of the FCT High Court in November 2019. 9. The Kano State government has announced the discharge of 46 coronavirus patients from the treatment center in the State. The State’s Ministry of health in a tweet via its Twitter account on Tuesday, said the patients were discharged after showing full recovery from the virus. 10. Burundi’s President, Pierre Nkurunziza is dead. Nkurunziza reportedly died of heart failure on Tuesday, the government said in a statement.