The Niger State House of Assembly has invited the state Governor, Abubakar Sani Bello to appear before the House and give reasons why his administration has not tackled the increasing tide of banditry in the state. The summons by members of the House was in response to a motion by the member representing Rafi constituency, Abdullahi Magani. Magani had earlier called on the state executive arm of government to find a lasting solution to banditry attacks in Rafi local government area. He explained that the lives of those in the affected areas are at risk and the need for the House to impress on the federal and state government to intervene. Taking turns to speak, the lawmakers said from November 2019 to date, on a daily basis, bandits and gunmen had unleashed a series of attacks in the state with the government not able to address them. According to them, “the government is only paying lip service to the fight against insecurity in the state and that the government was not doing anything about it.” They also summoned the state Commissioner of Police and asked him to redeploy all Divisional Police Officers (DPOs) in the security affected areas, alleging that his officers were not doing enough to combat the insecurity in the affected areas. Honorable Binta Mamman from Gurara Constituency questioned the governments’ sincerity in fighting insecurity, saying, “if the issue is not addressed, it would overwhelm everyone in the state.” “I do not know why the government is spending a lot of money on COVID-19 and we are not taking this security issue seriously, I can’t understand.” In his contribution, the member representing Bosso Constituency, Honorable Malik Madaki Bosso noted that the Governor is not serious about the issue of insecurity, he should appear before the House and tell members what measures he has taken to end the situation. He stated that it is the responsibility of any reasonable government to protect the lives of the people, and wondered why it is not happening in Niger State. “The Governor should appear and tell Nigerlites because the people need to know what the government is doing regarding this. If that is not enough, I am ready to lead a protest to the government house so that the Governor will know that we are worried and tired of these attacks and his inactions. The Government is not serious about fighting banditry.” Similarly, Bello Ahmed Agwara from Agwara constituency said, “As representatives of the people, we should stand firm and do our job. We should not be afraid of anyone. We should be able to tell the government the reality of what the people are facing.” But, reading the resolutions, the Speaker of the House of Assembly, Honorable Abdullahi Bawa Wuse rejected the motion demanding the appearance of the Governor but moved a motion demanding that the Governor addresses the state in a broadcast, explaining steps so far taken to address the insecurity. The House, however, summoned the Commissioner of Police and other Security agencies in the state to appear before plenary and also directed the CP to transfer all Divisional Police officers (DPO) in the security affected areas to other places.