The Vice-Chancellor of the University of Jos, Prof. Seddi Sebastian Maimako, on Friday raised concerns over the challenges facing the University, despite the institution’s modest developmental strides. He said Uni Jos in his four years at the helm of affairs, was still plagued by a myriad of problems, especially in the area of security. He equally said lean financial resources have made it difficult for the institution to “adequately and comprehensively” secure the hardworking staff and students of the University. Maimako disclosed this while addressing journalists to mark his fourth year in office as Vice-Chancellor, held at the Senate Chambers of the University in Jos, Plateau State Capital. He said, “Despite the huge successes we have recorded so far, it has not been plain sailing all the way. “The University has been confronted with several challenges along the way. “The issue of security has continued to be a source of concern with the increased demand to protect lives and property of the university’s resilient and hardworking staff and students but without the commensurate financial resources to adequately and comprehensively do so. “University of Jos has experienced a serious infrastructure deficit over the years. However, in recent years, there has been a marked improvement in Federal Government’s intervention through TETfund, the NEEDS Assessment Programme and other Projects which has enabled the University to gradually meet some of its pressing infrastructural requirements”, he explained. “The phase two acquisition and encroachments on the land earlier earmarked for the University’s development as well as ecological issues have also posed a daunting challenge”, he lamented. According to him, “There has been an ongoing dialogue with key stakeholders to revert the land to its original purpose while efforts are also being intensified to ensure that substantial parts of the University land affected by erosion are reclaimed before proceeding with further development”.