The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ekiti State, has described former governor of the state, Mr Ayo Fayose, as a type of politician that will do or say anything just to attract attention. Such a politician, according to APC will shout Hosanna! today and crucify him! tomorrow inasmuch as their daily bread is guaranteed. A statement in Ado Ekiti on Friday, signed by the Director of Media and Publicity of Ekiti APC, Elder Sam Oluwalana, on some recent comments by the immediate past governor about the party, noted that the same Fayose has been hobnobbing with leaders of the party across the country seeking for favours. Elder Oluwalana pointed out that during the four years of misrule of Fayose in the state, he was the executive, legislature and judiciary, as he crippled the other arms from performing their functions “It is on record that the mace of the assembly, which is the authority of the legislature was kept at the government house, while the lawmakers would have to seek permission from Fayose before convening any sitting. ” And he is now shouting that there is no democracy in APC. “It was during his regime that the minority members of the assembly impeached a Speaker while vocal members were railroaded into indefinite suspension until they succumbed to his whims. “The people of the state will not quickly forget how Fayose administration equally crippled the functions of the judiciary, while his attorney general was always privy to any judgement to be delivered by Judges, he even led some of his thugs to storm a court in session and physically beat up a presiding Judge. “The people of the state are praying that they will never experience the type of Fayose’s democracy in which workers were owed salaries, pensioners were dying of hunger, and citizens turned to beggars. “The spate of killings in the state became aggravated with people unable to sleep with two eyes closed. “He has succeeded in disintegrating his party, PDP, leading to the national excos imposing foreigners to administer the party as caretakers. “Fayose is wandering across the country like someone that has been cursed. He thinks he can cause confusion in the APC as he has done to his party, unknown to him that he is dealing with more mature politicians. “He should seek divine intervention to wash the curse placed on him by senior citizens of the state he made to suffer when he was governor. APC also advised Fayose to leave the party alone and stop his divisive tendencies.” “Can democracy be said to be thriving under this one-man show? Fayose has no moral right to criticize democratic practice in this country as he who demands equity must come with a clean hand,” he added. Oluwalana stated further that Fayose’s undemocratic moves are the major problems of his party, PDP as he is single-handedly imposing leaders on members. He advised him to stop his dubious escapades of wining and dining with leaders of the APC across, the country while also turning back to make unfounded allegations against the party.