An 18-year-old teenager, Barakat Bello, has been gang-raped and murdered by some yet to be identified rapists in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. DAILY POST gathered on Thursday that the rape and killing of Miss Bello is coming few days after a student of the University of Benin was raped and subsequently killed by a yet to be identified rapists. Sources said that the deceased was raped and killed in her parents’ house in Akinyele area of Ibadan, Monday evening. It was gathered that her father found her dead body around their home, and that after her body was examined, it was discovered that she was raped before she was murdered. Miss Bello, until her death was an ND1 student of the Department of Science Laboratory Technology (SLT), Federal College of Animal Health and Production (Moor Plantation) in Ibadan. It was gathered that she has been buried according to Islamic rites. Muslim Students Society of Nigeria (MSSN), Oyo State Area Council, confirmed the killing. MSSN described the incident as a rude shock. The Muslim students in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Thursday by its Amir, Abdkabir Alamal-Yekeen said, “It is with a rude shock that the Executives and members of the Muslim Students’ Society of Nigeria (MSSN) Oyo State Area Unit received the news of Bello Barakat’s cold-blooded murder. “Barakat until her demise was an ND1 student of the Department of Science Laboratory Technology (SLT), Federal College of Animal Health and Production (Moor Plantation) in Ibadan and a very distinguished member of the society, a proud product of the MSSN Akinyele Area Council’s Tutorial class. “Our investigation revealed that Barakat had to get herself water to bathe on the evening of Monday, 1st June, 2020 when she was accosted by some gang of armed robbers who were operating in her home of residence. She consequently became a victim of the attack as she was dragged to the side of their bathroom located at the backyard of the house and was probably raped and butchered with machetes. The cuts were seen on her body. “On the same evening, her body was taken to the Kara Police Station, Akinyele. The body was further inspected by the Police and it was later released upon demand by her parents the following morning. She was immediately buried according to Islamic rites. “While the allegation of gang rape is still under investigation, we want to join the rest of the world in condemning the recent attack on women. “Violence against women in any form is against Islamic injunctions and as such, it must stop. The case of Uwavera Omozuma is still fresh in our memory, and we also stand to condemn the attack. “We, therefore, call upon all concerned authorities, especially the Oyo State Government, the Inspector General of Police and the media to take swift action in upholding justice for the victim and her family. We equally use this medium to commiserate with the family, friends, and members of MSSN for the departure of this decent sister. May Allah grant us the fortitude to bear her departure. “While we enjoin all our members to keep promoting the hashtag #JusticeforBarakat till all authorities take action, we ask Allah to forgive Barakat and accept her demise as that of a martyr”. However, all efforts made by DAILY POST to get the reaction of the Public Relations Officer of the state Police command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi proved abortive, as an SMS sent to him asking him to react to the killing has not been replied to as at the time of filing this report on Thursday.