The All Progressives Congress (APC), Edo Governorship primaries Committee, headed by Gov. Hope Uzodinma of Imo on Sunday released procedures for Monday’s primary election in compliance with the state government’s COVID-19 regulations. A statement by Dr. Ajibola Basiru, the Secretary of the committee, said voting would commence simultaneously by 8:00 a.m. in the 192 wards of the state. It explained that not more than 18 persons would be allowed to gather at the same time from the commencement of voting until the end of the exercise when results would be announced. The statement reads in parts: “The process of election of the candidate of the party shall commence at 8.00 a.m. on Monday, 22nd June 2020 at the various wards in all the Local Governments with strict compliance with Edo State’s extant laws prohibiting gathering of more than twenty persons. “Not more than eighteen persons including presiding Officers and Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) observers shall be at ward voting centres at any point in time. “There shall be simultaneous accreditation and voting in batches as aforesaid until all eligible members have cast their vote without violation of the state’s COVID-19 regulations. “Not more than eighteen persons shall be in attendance for the announcement of results at all ward centres and collation of results at all levels, including the state collation. “All members of the party and members of the public are enjoined to be peaceful and comply fully with the state’s COVID-19 regulations.” Meanwhile, the police command in Edo has said that the command is on top of the security situation in the state. According to DSP Chidi Nwabuzor, the Command’s Public Relations Officer, the state Commissioner of Police, Mr Babatunde Johnson Kokumo, has made adequate security arrangements. “Talking about COVID-19 protocol, the police will be working together with other sister security agencies like the Nigerian Army, Airforce, DSS, NSCDC, NIS, Customs, NCS and NDLEA to observe the restrictions,” he said.