Ex-BBNaija ‘Pepper Dem’ housemate, Khafi kareen has reacted to her removal from the ‘Pepper Dem’ WhatsApp group, hours after she expressed her displeasure over how Ella was treated and how toxic the reunion show has become. DAILY POST reported that Ex-BBNaija ‘Pepper Dem’ housemates on Monday night accused Ella of pulling a publicity stunt and being deceitful concerning her mother’s health. The accusations from the housemates which made Ella to break down in tears sparked a lot of reactions from some Nigerians who were of the opinion that they wouldn’t have dragged her like that on a public show.  Reacting, khafi took to her Twitter account on Tuesday to express her disgust over the way the other housemates treated Ella. She also said that she has decided not to be uploading a diary session in response to BBNaija Reunion, stating that the show was becoming toxic. She said, “I have decided I will not be uploading a diary session in response to BBNaija Reunion. “I just finished watching yesterday’s episode and I’m totally disgusted by how Ella was treated and what was permitted in light of such a sensitive situation. “Unfortunately, the reunion show has become toxic and a line was definitely crossed yesterday. “I have always said that whilst Big Brother Naija is a reality TV show for viewers, we must always remember that we are dealing with people who have feelings and emotions. “Depression and suicidal thoughts are real and can easily be triggered by this pack mentality gang up and bullying that has been exhibited on the show. “No matter how good people look or dress on the outside, it means nothing if our hearts are hardened towards our fellow human beings, and we lack empathy and respect towards ourselves. ”I stand for light and love and I genuinely believe in being good to one another, even if we don’t get it right all the time. “However, Some participants on this show are routing for the complete opposite and I will not encourage such behaivour by engaging in it. “This being said, I will no longer be commenting or responding to anything said on the show. “Every single housemate has my number and it is in the WhatsApp group the same, aka “safe space” that resulted in shaming someone on national television) yet not one person who has aired a grievance had picked up the phone to call me to discuss any ill feelings they had towards me beforehand, knowing full well I would not be present on the show. “This is despite the fact that myself and these persons have previously spoken on the phone jovially & would smile upon seeing me in public, assuring me that all had been forgiven & “what happened in the house stays in the house”. ”But then the show to uncovered what was being harboured behind my back all this time. “I hold no grudges towards anyone and but I understand that we all grow differently. “For those who choose to continuously slander others in order to draw attention to themselves, I do hope it is worth it in the long run. “I had a fantastic time on BBNaija 4 PepperDem, however the show has now ended & I have moved on. “May we all be known for the good that we leave behind, not the bad. I hereby wish everyone well.” However, few hours afterwards, she also stated that she has been taken off the group and according to her, they have saved her the trouble of doing it herself. “Lol, I have just seen that I’ve been removed from the WhatsApp group. “ Thanks for saving me the trouble guys,” she added.