PRELUDE: Africans never wore clothes. I hate the subject of rape; the idea alone is something that offends my sensibilities just as it should for any rational thinking human being. In fact, rape is supposed to be as alien to Africa as do her religion. Is that the case? Now the LOGIC. The idea of clothes in Africa is a western construct. To say that we were ever naked is to suggest that God made clothes. Africans were never naked; they were natural in the way God intended it to be. I am not in any way suggesting that people should start walking about ‘naked’ or perhaps ‘natural’ in this modern world, that would be offering a license to the beast in us to manifest even more. Pre-colonial African societies have lived together naked. Even today other cultures in Africa still maintain that old standing tradition. If you visit Namibia, Ethiopia, Kenya and many other African countries, you would find those who are yet to be colonised living in that harmonious natural order. They have families and are married but you would not hear of any case of rape among each other. Parents, children and everyone seem to recognise the natural sense of order, one which every rational human being is made of. This was before Christianity or any religion of that nature. What is the story today? MAIN TALK: Rape gone religious and religion gone gaga Africa as it appears is only in love with what does not belong to her. We have been made to hate what defines us and to be obsessed with that which separates us. While attempting to demoralise African traditions and make it look ‘primitive’; ‘archaic’, or any of those colloquial words used to describe her, Christianity became the smokescreen to replace the way of life of Africans. Africa has today become the territory of religious gyration where every corner has a standing church. Nigeria, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Ghana and others have teaming followers and religious extremist. But the question is, if these religions are towards instilling morality and preparing the way of salvation, why is it that the subject of rape has now dominated Africa’s vocabulary especially from those who preach religion. Pastors, clergy men, religious followers and the general masses have become so sexually aggressive to one another. No day passes in Africa that would not account for rape. Am not talking about one case but many cases that most times have the victims killed or left in a state that blur away their sense of life. I do not want to mention names, but most pastors are today charged of raping their church members or the dastardly act committed in the premises of the church under the pretext of ‘releasing anointing’. Some have abused even innocent children who are meant to believe that they are taking a path to salvation. In Nigeria, a recent case of rape was reported against a senior pastor. Unfortunately, because of sentiments and a show of solidarity, most of the accused religious men are only prosecuted on social media and on our TV screens. Will it ever stop? The church is no longer morally driven, salvation too is only a theorised concept designed to extort the ignorant and religious bigots. The idea of fashion and dress pattern has also been altered in the church so as to ‘accommodate’ everyone. I use the word accommodate advisedly because what is been accommodated is the promissory note that the church wants from the worshippers. Tithes, offerings and other material things are offered to the ‘church’, but what happens to those offerings is what the worshippers have no right to question. If you finally do, you would be labelled for challenging the ‘man of God’. I am meant to think that, it is either the church is raping religion of its morals by bringing in amoral behaviours or the religion been practiced in Africa is actually raping Africa of her dignity. Has religion gone gaga? EPILOGUE: In religion Africa Died The introduction of western religion on the African continent was and is still a diversionary tactic to separate the African mind from his own religion and beliefs. Africa has become so religious that those who brought the religion seem to have abandoned it in the African hands. Everything in Africa is about prayers, fasting or whatever name we give it. Those who brought it are busy changing the world with inventions that challenge the very existence of God. So what happens? While Africans are busy praying with eyes closed, the world is closing up on Africa who still believes that by the time she opens her eyes, miracle must have happened. This religion, as beautiful as it is has unfortunately killed Africa and unlearning that which was done to us would take a while. But there is hope, the hope resides in our efforts to quickly wake up and start been productive, not in the recitation of scriptures but in practically doing what would change the condition of Africa or else; in religion Africa would die. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More