A 24-year-old man simply identified as Yibala Ibiang Ubi, was murdered on Friday night in Ugep, Yakurr LGA of Cross River State. Ubi was allegedly stabbed to death during the all-night funeral obsequies of late Chief Omini Mbodo of Lepankom, Ijiman in Ugep. An eyewitness, who gave his name as Eno Utre, said that they were at the vigil of late Chief Omini Mbodo of Lepankom, Ijiman, Ugep when the incident occurred. He said that a young man popularly called Alpasino had a misunderstanding with the son of a driver of Obol Lopon of Ugep and Paramount Ruler of Yakurr, Ubi Rocky (Bling Bling). The misunderstanding resulted in Alpasino smashing a bottle on the head of the driver’s son who sustained serious injury. “Consequently, after the smashing of the head, Alpasino ran to Lebulibulikom in the same Ijiman. When Ubi Rocky heard of what happened, he immediately mobilised boys including one of his brothers (Openi). “They met Alpasino in Lebulibulikom who was in company of his friends, Yibala Ibiang Ubi and others begged Bling Bling’s father, Mr. Ubi Rocky to forgive Alpasino and they should settle their misunderstanding in their youth meeting since they are from same unit.” Unfortunately, Mr. Ubi Rocky younger brother was reported to have carried a dagger and allegedly stabbed Yibala Ibiang Ubi who died shortly after. Interestingly, on Saturday, morning, the deceased family that learnt about the incident launched a manhunt for Mr. Ubi Rocky and his brother Openi to avenge Yibala Ibiang Ubi’s death. But, Ubi Rocky and his brother were nowhere to be found after the manhunt and the deceased family went and destroyed Mr. Ubi Rocky’s house and other property estimated at millions of naira. When DAILY POST contacted the Paramount Ruler of Yakurr local government area of Cross River State, His Royal Majesty (HRM), Obol Ofem Ubana Eteng on phone on Saturday, he confirmed the incident. “It is not my not driver that stabbed somebody to death. There was a vigil; you know that the government has banned the gathering of people because of COVID-19. “So vigil has been banned in Ugep, I don’t know who organised this vigil that brought about this problem in my area. However, we have handed some persons suspected to have organised it to the Police because it was against government protocol of COVID-19 “We have tried our best to bring in peace because the tension was high in the area today. The son of my driver had the problem, not my driver and he is receiving treatment at the General Hospital,” he stated.