Senator Teslim Folarin has vowed to ensure that those who raped and murdered Barakat Bello are brought to book. Barakat was a student of the Institute of Agriculture, Research and Training (IAR&T) in Ibadan Bello, 18, was on Monday gang-raped and stabbed to death at the back of the home she lived in with her family in Akinyele area of Ibadan. The incident occurred days after Vera Omozuwa, a 22-year-old student of the University of Benin (UNIBEN), was also raped and murdered. In a statement on Thursday by his media aide, Yekeen Olaniyi, Folarin called the act horrific, barbaric and shocking. The lawmaker told security agencies to speedily investigate, arrest and prosecute the culprits. He said he was deeply concerned about increasing cases of rape and brutality against the girl child in Nigeria. “Barakat’s gruesome killing is one death too many. As the Senator representing Akinyele and 10 other Local Government Areas of Oyo Central, I will seek justice for late Barakat Bello. “By God’s Grace, I will ensure that all the culprits responsible for this barbaric act are swiftly brought to justice. This nonsensical act of raping must stop in Nigeria.” He extended his condolences to the family and friends of the victim. Folarin, the Chairman, Senate Committee on Local Content, said he had directed his team to pay a condolence visit in Ibadan. He said he would personally visit them upon arrival from Abuja. Folarin disclosed that he was “reaching out to the top echelons of Nigeria’s security agencies”.  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More