The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kafin Kuka, Kofar Gabas ward of Katagum Local Government Area of Bauchi State has suspended the senator representing Bauchi North senatorial district, Adamu Bulkachuwa, over his alleged absenteeism from the constituency since he was elected. Addressing journalists at the party’s Bauchi North zonal secretariat in Azare, the APC chairman in the ward, Sa’adu Muhammed, alleged that since being inaugurated as a senator, Bulkachuwa has deserted the party and his constituents. Muhammed alleged that since the outbreak of the novel coronavirus in the senatorial district and the recent mass deaths experienced recently, the senator did not deem it fit to visit the area to commiserate with them and give the people any palliatives. According to the ward chairman, the essence of the senator representing the district in the National Assembly is to uphold the constituents’ interests. “The essence of democracy is primarily to present and safeguard the interest of the populace. “A representative most importantly should uphold the interest of the people he represents above his personal ones. If he cannot afford to do that, he is not worth given the mandate,” he stated. Muhammed alleged that Bulkachuwa has not been able to table the pains, agonies and aspiration of the senatorial district before the Upper Chamber of the National Assembly since his inauguration. “The demand and aspiration, pain and agony, needs and wants of the people of Katagum senatorial constituency is pitiable because of the senator’s gross misconduct and failure to table it where it matters most at the Senate chamber. “Senator Bulkachuwa has disappeared into thin air, evidently deserted his constituency for over six months now. No iconic presence or project from him is sighted in his constituency all this while,” the APC ward chairman lamented. Apart from his alleged absence from the senatorial district, Muhammed further alleged that the senator has yet to employ any legislative aides among his constituents thereby leaving the majority of his supporters jobless. This, the ward chairman said, was against the fact that every serving senator is empowered to employ five personal staff.