Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A total of seven hundred and seventy-nine new cases of coronavirus have been recorded in Nigeria. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, said Lagos State recorded 285 cases, while Rivers State followed with 68 cases. 2. Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, on Saturday stated his position on the dissolution of the party’s National Working Committee, NWC. In a statement he personally signed, the former Lagos State governor lamented that the party has been plagued with conflicts over leadership but that it will remain stronger despite the setback. Tinubu further pledged his loyalty to Buhari and the APC. He said party interest should supersede individual interests. He also downplayed his alleged 2023 presidential ambition. 3. The United States’ Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) has declared six Nigerians wanted over their alleged involvement in fraudulent activities estimated at over $6m (N2.3bn). According to the agency, the suspects are; Richard Izuchukwu Uzuh, Alex Afolabi Ogunshakin, Felix Osilama Okpoh, Abiola Ayorinde Kayode, and Nnamdi Orson Benson. 4. The Nigerian Army said its troops have neutralized a notorious bandits’ leader in Zamfara State, Hassan Dan Tagwaye, and his twin brother, Husaini.Dan Tagwaye. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Major General John Ehenche, said the bandits’ leader and his twin brother were killed in the Domboru forest in Zurmi Local Government Area of the state. 5. As the COVID-19 pandemic hits its peak in Ondo State, Resident Doctors at the University of Medical Sciences Teaching Hospital, UNIMETH, have been sacked by the state government. According to the memo dated June 23, 2020, the Resident Doctors directly employed by the hospital were advised to seek continuation of their training in other institutions where there is an ongoing residency programme. 6. The Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, has confirmed his Deputy, Philip Shuaibu, as his running mate for the September elections. Obaseki speaking after receiving his certificate of governorship primary on Saturday, said “you don’t change a winning team”. 7. The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), in Niger State, has confirmed the death of eight people in an accident that occurred along Mokwa-Bida road on Saturday. The state’s FRSC Commander, Mr. Joel Dagwa, said that eight other persons sustained various degrees of injuries in the accident, which occurred around 12 noon at Labozhip village, involving a commercial bus and an articulated vehicle. 8. The presidency has insisted that President Muhammadu Buhari and the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, are not at war. A statement by the presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, said the relationship between Buhari and Tinubu was cordial. 9. Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has commended Adams Oshiomhole, immediate past National Chairman of the party. Tinubu said Oshiomhole tried his best to keep the APC united but some members of the party had selfish interests a went against their power in an attempt to remove Oshiomhole. 10. Popular Nigerian music star, Peter Okoye, has disclosed that his family tested positive for COVID-19. Okoye, who was a member of the defunct Psquare disclosed that him, his wife, Lola and daughter, Aliona tested positive for COVID-19.