The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA has described the statement by the National President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo, that the Fulani owned Nigeria and would rule the country forever as a ‘declaration of war to none-Fulani speakers in the country. DAILY POST had reported that Abdullahi in an interview said his organisation had concluded arrangements to flag-off its own security outfit which would be deployed across the country The Fulani leader had said that no one can drive away his people from any part of the country because “They allegedly produced Nigeria”. “They produced the first prime minister. If they produce the first president, another president, another president, and so on, are they not the owner of the country? “Fulani is ruling Nigeria and they must continue to rule the country forever. That is the truth.” Reacting, HURIWA while condemning the statement, queried why Abdullahi was yet to be arrested for threatening national security. The group wondered why President Buhari has failed to persecute his kinsmen for treason but rapidly arrested the publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore over his threats to organise civil protests against President Muhammadu Buhari The press statement claimed that Abdullahi’s utterances were a danger to national security and inter-ethnic harmony. “The idea that some group of people will traverse the length and breadth of the Federal Republic of Nigeria causing chaos through bloody violence for land grabs and the central government does nothing and now this man who goes about as the leader of one of the MIYETTI ALLAH CATTLE OWNERS ASSOCIATION has openly threatened insurrection and rebellion to constituted authorities in the Federating units by announcing that he will set up armed vigilantes all over Nigeria and that everywhere in Nigeria belongs to his Fulani ethnic group but for over 24 hours after the news filtered out brazenly from such a character who does not mean well for Nigeria, the Nigerian government has been in an absolute ‘I DON’T CARE MOOD.’ This grave threat to national security must be confronted by all Nigerians since it would seem that the group threatening every other ethnicity has powerful support in the corridors of power in Abuja. NIGERIANS MUST WAKE UP OR BE ENSLAVED FOR Life.” HURIWA called on Southern State governors to prevent the threat from being unleashed on their people, adding that measures must be put in place to counter satanic plot by people who want to destroy the country with the support of officials of the federal government. The group recalled that the same group had through one of their regional leaders justified the attacks of some communities in Plateau and Benue States by suspected armed Fulani herdsmen which led to the killing of thousands of villagers and the forceful take over of their farms and for years. “President Muhammadu Buhari is not handling the killings of other people by his KINSMEN as much as any civilized government should tackle the criminality of mass killings in accordance with the law. ”The protection they (armed Fulani herdsmen) enjoy from the Presidency gives them the boldness to just talk anyhow even at the risk of endangering national Security by stoking ethnic divisions and imminent threat of war against law-abiding communities in their ancestral lands. |It further alleged that there are possibilities that some forces controlling power at the center may be planning large scale genocide which must be tackled by the citizens of Nigeria all around the world. HURIWA, therefore, urged Nigerians to speak out and demand the arrest of Abdullahi because if not checked he will stoke the embers of an Inter-Ethnic war that will destroy Nigeria.