One Lekan Felix has bagged life imprisonment for the abduction and rape of a 15-year-old girl (name withheld) in 2013. An Abeokuta High Court gave the judgment on Friday, NAN reports. Justice Abiodun Adeyemi convicted Felix on two counts of having sexual intercourse and the abduction of a child. Adeyemi held that the prosecution proved its case beyond reasonable doubts. The judge explained that the evidence presented by the prosecution was tenable. Prosecuting counsel, Adekunle Sodeinde, had told the court that Felix the committed the offences on Feb.17, 2013 at Sango-Ota area of Ogun. Felix was 23 years old when he committed the act Sodeinde said he unlawfully abducted the girl who was living with her elder sister. Felix had taken the girl to a hidden destination, where no one could locate and continuously had sexual intercourse with her for two years. Sodeinde recounted at the court that the victim was sent on an errand by her elder sister. On her way, she met the convict who bought her a drink. “After taking the drink she passed out, and a few hours later on opening her eyes she found herself at Felix’s house at Ijoko village in Owode-Egba in Abeokuta. “Felix took advantage of her by sexually abusing her and was using her to work as a labourer on his farmland for two years before she regained her senses,” he said. Sodeinde disclosed that Felix confessed that he used a charm on her so that she would not know where she was or think of going home. The offenses contravened Section 32 of the Child Rights Laws of Ogun and Section 362 of the Criminal Code, Laws of Ogun 2006. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More