The Yobe State Command of the Nigeria Police Force has disclosed that its operatives during various operations across the state have nabbed one notorious kidnapper as well as two others for sodomy and rape. The Command in a statement released on Wednesday and made available to DAILY POST by its Public Relations Officer, ASP Fungus Abdulkarim, indicated that the arrest of Gambo Dahiru, the notorious kidnap kingpin was made while in the process of collecting N3 million as ransom from his victim; one Mamman Alhaji Ahmed of Gulani Local Government Area. Part of the statement read, “This is to inform the general public that, the Yobe State Police Command, in its efforts to curb crimes and criminality in the state, in an intelligence-led operation conducted by Bara Police Divisional Headquarters and detectives from the Police State Intelligence Bureau (S.I.B) has succeeded in the arrest of a notorious kidnapper named: Gambo Dahiru of Bara Kakura Village. “The suspect was arrested while in the process of obtaining the N3,000,000.00 from the Victim named: Mamman Alh. Ahmed of Gulani LGA. “Meanwhile, the Command has intensified efforts to trail other fleeing syndicate members for interrogation and subsequent prosecution.” The statement in another development disclosed that, the Divisional Police Headquarters, Potiskum apprehended a rapist named: Adamu Hussaini Abdullahi, aged 26 years of Dogon Zare Base Center Potiskum. It said the suspect was arrested while raping a 10-year-old girl at a table water factory in Potiskum, where he works. The statement added that, the culprit took advantage of the teenager who went to the factory to purchase table water for her mother. “Similarly, in the same week, the Divisional Police Headquarters, Potiskum apprehended another rapist named: Mohammed Sani of Potiskum who was arrested after he raped a 12-year old girl in a room located in a Bakery factory named: Hamdala Bread Bakery Potiskum. “The suspect also took advantage of the victim as she went to buy bread for her mother, where he lured her into a room. “Investigations into both cases have since commenced at the State CIID, Damaturu”, the statement noted. Yobe State Police Command in the statement urged the peace loving people of the State to always cooperate with the Police in the fight against crimes and criminality in all ramifications