The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has ordered an investigation into the alleged rape and murder of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, a 100-level Microbiology student of the University of Benin, UNIBEN. Uwaila was allegedly raped and killed by some unknown persons while studying inside a Redeemed Christian Church of God church, in Benin City. Reacting in a statement, Adamu while assuring that the perpetrators will be brought to book, deployed more investigative aids to Edo State. The statement reads, “As part of deliberate and concerted efforts by the Nigeria Police High Command to unravel the circumstances surrounding the brutal attack and unfortunate death of Miss Vera Uwaila Omosuwa in Benin, Edo State, the IGP commiserates with the family, friends and colleagues of the deceased. Adamu, therefore, assured that the Force will bring the perpetrators of the callous act to book in the shortest possible time. Meanwhile, Pastor Enoch Adeboye, General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), on Sunday condemned the incident. He commiserated with the deceased’s family and called for calm. Pastor Adeboye reacts to alleged rape, murder of UNIBEN student inside RCCG church Vera Omozuwa: Apostle Johnson Suleiman reacts to alleged rape, murder of UNIBEN female student inside church Justice for Uwa: Obaseki calls for immediate investigation over murder of UNIBEN student in Edo church These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More