The Kaduna State Government has paid tribute to citizens of the state for their perseverance and the dignified manner they have borne the inconveniences occasioned by the enforcement of the Quarantine Order. A statement signed by the Chairperson, State Taskforce on COVID-19 and the Deputy Governor of Kaduna State, Dr. Hadiza Sabuwa Balarabe, said the necessity to save lives and protect people from COVID-19 resulted in the adoption of stringent preventive measures announced back in March 2020. According to the Deputy Governor, since then, COVID-19 infection figures have gone up, both nationally and in our state. ” In Kaduna State, our health officials are engaged in expanded tracing, testing and treatment of contacts of existing cases as well as persons with symptoms that fit the case definition. “This is to better contain the virus and ensure that infected persons have a fair chance of early detection and treatment. More testing also provides more reliable data on the actual COVID-19 status of the state.” She said The statement added that, throughout the pendency of the Quarantine Orders, the state government had sought for ways to balance the safe pursuit of livelihoods with the imperative of protecting public health. “That is why the lockdown has from inception been partial, to allow for the functioning of essential services and the operation of some economic sectors. ” In April, we also tasked a committee of senior officials to plan post-lockdown scenarios for the state. The report of this committee has since been discussed by the State Taskforce on COVID-19 and published.” The statement further said “Last week, the state government extended the Quarantine Orders by a further two weeks during which stakeholders will be consulted on the conditions for a safe re-opening of the state. Further to that commitment, the government has initiated consultations with traditional rulers, the business community, market and transport unions, proprietors of private schools and religious leaders to discuss the protocols for re-opening more segments of society and the economy. “The recommendations and suggestions that have emerged from the consultations will help to strengthen the re-opening strategy. The draft guidelines and discussion documents shared with the stakeholders will be improved with inputs received. Clear protocols and guidelines for the reopening of approved sectors will be published before the current Quarantine Order expires on Tuesday, 9th June 2020. “This will spell out what is required and the measures to be taken in the economic and social sectors that will reopen. “Therefore, markets, places of worship, schools and other facilities whose operations are prohibited under the Quarantine Order remain shut until the approved protocols are announced next week. Citizens should note that congregational worship is not yet permitted. Religious leaders are aware of this fact, and we expect everyone to live up to their obligations and avoid needless, illegal activity. The statement added