The Federal Government says the enrolment for Batch C beneficiaries of the N-Power Programme under the National Social Investment Programme (NSIP), will begin from June 26. “All applicants must supply their Bank Verification Number (BVN), in their application”, Sadiya Farouq, Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, said on Friday. The announcement was contained in a statement by the Deputy Director of Information in the Ministry, Rhoda Iliya, on Friday. Farouq recalled that the programme was inaugurated by President Muhammadu Buhari in 2016 under the NSIP. She said the commencement of the Batch C enrolment is sequel to far reaching consultations and a review of the submissions on the reform and realignment of the programme for greater efficiency. The minister noted that applications will be conducted using a hybrid system of enrolment to ensure that all Nigerians are given an opportunity to participate. She assured that special considerations for persons living with disabilities will be made. “Online portal would be open to receive applications from noon on June 26, 2020 and will provide a level playing field for all applicants.” The statement said this was to ensure a streamlined and transparent selection process and that once applications are submitted; the ministry will review submissions and publish a list of successful applicants. “Past beneficiaries are not eligible to participate in the application process. Comprehensive details for the new batch will be announced in the coming weeks,” Farouq said. Farouq hinted that the Ministry had announced that Batch A would exit the programme on June 30, while Batch B would exit on July 31, 2020 respectively. She explained that the Ministry had begun the transitioning of beneficiaries from Batches A and B into government entrepreneurship schemes and engaging private sector bodies to absorb some of the beneficiaries. Farouq added that the N-Power programme had so far enrolled a total 500,000 beneficiaries, 200,000 from Batch A which started in September 2016 and 300,000 from Batch B which began in August 2018. “The beneficiaries were supposed to spend not less than 24 months on the programme and were spread across the key industries targeted by the programme – agriculture, health, education and tax. “The current beneficiaries from Batches A and B are scheduled to transit the programme by July 31, 2020 with plans already in place to transition them into entrepreneurship,” she reiterated.