“In every position, I have been in, there have been Naysayers who don’t believe I’m qualified or who don’t believe I can do the job. And I feel a special responsibility to prove them wrong”
– Sonia Sotomayor- For the Naysayers in Enugu State who denies every good work of His Excellency, Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi , it is time to be still. The Naysayers who refuses to see anything good in the policies and projects of Enugu State Government under the leadership of Governor Ugwuanyi, now is the time to be still. The Naysayers who opposes Governor Ugwuanyi’s peaceful candor, be still and know that Peace is the bedrock for development. The skepticist, cynicist who evaluates 8 years tenure in 5 years and with deliberate mischief of writing off “works in progress”, please be still and see that GBURUS is working. The unwholesome activities of Naysayers have been going on without success in Enugu State. The Naysayers have tried several antics to blackmail and discredit the many good works of His Excellency, Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi. Desperately, the Naysayers have engaged in fruitless attempts to distract the people-focused administration of Governor Ugwuanyi with their introduction of 2023 ambitious discuss aimed at shifting focus on the good works in progress. Fortunately for Ndi Enugu, God blessed us at this time with a Governor who is focused, calm and sophicated in Leadership. Despite the unpatriotic activities of Naysayers, Governor Ugwuanyi remains Undistracted as he is seen everyday either Commissioning projects, inspecting ongoing projects or initiating new projects. Obviously, Ugwuanyi have imbibed the advice of the great Ghandhi which says ” I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet” . Thus , His Excellency have continued to work day and night on his campaign promises despite global economic situation and inherited Debt profile which he has managed proficiently. Conqueror of Naysayers. No activities of Naysayers can eras the achievements of the present Governor of Enugu State in Security, Health, Roads, Education, Rural Development, Traders Empowerment, Continuity Mentality, Employment , Peace, Debt Management, Workers Welfare, etc. Security. Governor Ugwuanyi have demonstrated unrivaled commitment to the Security and welfare of Ndi Enugu as enshrined in section 14(2) of the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria which states that ” Security and welfare of the people shall be the primary purpose of Government”. Today, Enugu State is the most secured State in Nigeria courtesy of the sleepless efforts of our able Governor and the Grace of God upon Enugu State. Needless to mention the massive investment in Security by the Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi led administration in Enugu State. The current serenity of the Coal City is the best enumeration in this regard. Those of us from the Awgu area are grateful to God and the workaholic Governor for ending kidnapper’s activities in our territory. Governor Ugwuanyi is doing his job as the Chief security officer of Enugu State and Naysayers are conquered in this connection. No more hideout for criminals and kidnappers in Enugu State because we have a Governor who is passionate about the Security of Ndi Enugu. He stepped out and practically chased away criminals from AWGU caves, Obiagu jungles and asata cartel in the style of Jack Bauer of the movie “24”. These he did under the rain and in the sun. Health. Evidently, there is ongoing revolution in the Health sector of Enugu State. The sector have witnessed serious upgrade and Standardization especially since the outbreak of Coronavirus Pandemic. Most of the general hospitals in Enugu State have been upgraded and some are currently recovering from decay and outright abandonments because of Governor Ugwuanyi’s resolve to never abandon what his predecessors initiated while bringing onboard new projects in the Health sector. Udi General Hospital, Poli clinic general hospital, Agbani General Hospital, Esut Teaching Hospital, etc, have received significant upgrade. The Awgu general hospital and others are not left behind as work is still in progress. It is imperative to note at this juncture that Enugu State is recognized by NCDC as one of the best State in the management and control of Covid-19 in Nigeria contrary to the prophecies of habitual Naysayers. Education. The IFEANYICHUKWU Ugwuanyi led purposeful administration have made sustainable development in the education sector. After construction and reconstruction of over 400 Standardized School blocks across the 17 LGA , the Governor embarked on recruitment of more qualified teachers to sustain the glorious academic record of Enugu in National and International academic competitions and ratings. Naysayers have been conquered in this sector with schools and pupils from Enugu State emerging the best in National, Regional and International academic activities since the inception of the Ugwuanyi led Government. Not all leaders have the ability to maintain standard like the Governor Of Enugu State have done in the past five years. Continuity Mentality. Unfortunately, Naysayers do not believe in the continuity mentality of Rt. Hon. Dr. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi. The Naysayers opposes every step taken by Ugwuanyi to rescue sundry of abandoned projects in Enugu State. Their archaic mentality of “title” to project negates all modern lessons that Government is a Continum. Too bad. For the Conqueror of Naysayers, it is Operation no Abandoned projects. Enugu State is blessed with a Governor who doesn’t believe in unnecessary rivalry especially with regards to completing abandoned projects and maintenance of cordial relationship with his predecessors in office. In actual sense, it is the Tax Payers money that is waisted when projects are abandoned by succeeding administrations.
Therefore, no matter what Naysayers does or says, We shall honour Ugwuanyi to choose his successor because he honoured his predecessors. No Naysayers activities can thwart this honour, well deserved come 2023. Traders Empowerment, SME. Despite recent failed attempt by Naysayers to blackmail Governor Ugwuanyi’s healthy relationship with Enugu traders, the conqueror of Naysayers have yet again embarked on Trader’s Empowerment program as part of its Post Covid-19 Palliative measures. The implications of this wise economic step is that the months of lockdown will not ruin businesses and SME activities in Enugu State. This is akin to the step taken by Justin Treadu, the prime minister of Canada in a Post Covid-19 Implementation Strategies. No doubt, by 2023 , Commerce and Industry, SME in Enugu State shall be greatly Standardized by Governor Ugwuanyi, contrary to the predictions of Naysayers. Road Infrastructure, Urban Renewal & Rural Development. Not again will residents of One Day Road and other strategic roads groan over access road in Enugu Urban. Gradually, Governor Ugwuanyi is silencing Naysayers with the emergence of miraculous new roads in Enugu Urban and rural areas. The hitherto abandoned Nsukka zone which hosts the prestigious University of Nigeria have received the deserved attention on road infrastructure. Other zones are not left behind as the workaholic Governor drives massive rural road development activities across the zones. On this occasion of Democracy Day celebration, Ndi Enugu are thankful to God for blessing us with a Governor with the right attitude towards Naysayers. The dividends of democracy is evident in Governor Ifeanyichukwu Ugwuanyi people’s Government. So many works have been done well, so many works are ongoing, some many works need to be done and the Naysayers shall be Still by 2023. Nnanna Okeke is Special Assistant to the Governor of Enugu State on (Safety and Standardization)