A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and erstwhile National Publicity Secretary of the defunct New People’s Democratic Party (nPDP), Chief Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, has counselled Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodinma, to distance himself from any act in the Edo APC crisis, which he said, is capable of rubbing dirt on his image. Eze, rather called on Uzodinma to channel his supports to Victor Giadom-led faction of the All Progressives Congress,(APC), to recover all the losses of the governing party. The APC chieftain, in a statement forwarded to DAILY POST on Friday evening, also warned those prompting Senator Ajimobi into political eclipse to leave him out of the APC imbroglio, allegedly oiled by the suspended National Chairman, Adams Oshimohole and cohorts so that he(Ajimobi) can properly recuperate. Recall that the All Progressives Congress (APC) had inaugurated the primary election and appeal committees for the three aspirants cleared to participate in the June 22, Edo State governorship primaries. APC had after screening exercise, cleared Dr. Pius Odubu, Hon. Osaro Obaze and Mr. Osagie Ize-Iyamu to contest the primaries. The APC National Working Committee, headed by Sen. Abiola Ajimobi, the Deputy National Chairman, South, performed the ceremony on Thursday at the APC’s National Secretariat in Abuja. Ajimobi, who was represented by Mr. Hilliard Eta, the APC’s National Vice Chairman, South/South, disclosed that the committees’ job was to carry out the process of selecting the party’s flag bearer, who would contest on September 19, Edo governorship election. Governor Hope Uzodinma was appointed to head seven-member primary election committee while Dr Yusuf Naaji, was appointed to chair the Appeal Committee by APC ahead of the forthcoming gubernatorial election in Edo State. However, Eze, insisted that Giadom has come to stay as he urged those allegedly scheming for his removal to stop wasting taxpayer’s monies and invest on meaningful ventures. The ex-PDP chieftain said the court’s action has laid to rest all speculations and uncertainties about the leadership of the party and the legitimate occupant of the party’s national chairman. While calling on Hon. Hillard Eta and some members of the National Working Committee of the APC to respect Court pronouncements and orders, Eze cautioned Mr. Lanre Issa-Onilu, the Party’s spokesman, that any further statement not approved by Giadom will be an affront to constituted authority and will no longer be tolerated with kid’s glove anymore. “The problem with those that have been promoting crisis in APC through erstwhile National Chairman of APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole is their ignorance of whom Victor Giadom is thereby attributing what he is doing to Amaechi. Chief Giadom is a full fledged man who knows his onus so far political intricacies are concerned. Though, he is a principal in Amaechi’s political college, but, he has distinguished himself as a political Iroko capable of handling his own political destiny on his own”. Eze, therefore, cautioned Joe Igbokwe and Oshiomhole to leave the Transportation Minister, Chibuike Amaechi out of the current situation in the APC, stressing that the Minister was preoccupied with national assignments. Meanwhile, on Thursday, Justice S. U. Bature, granted the prayer of the Deputy National Secretary, Victor Giadom, to be recognized as authentic Acting National Chairman.