The Operatives of the Lagos State Environmental and Special Offences (Enforcement) Unit (Taskforce) have arrested 21 notorious miscreants/cultists during a raid on criminal hideouts in Lagos. The Chairman of the Lagos State Task Force, CSP Olayinka Egbeyemi, who led the enforcement team, disclosed that the 21 suspects were arrested during an enforcement operation on criminal hideouts at Ogudu and Ajah as directed by the Lagos State Commissioner of Police, CP Hakeem Odumosu. According to him, “During the enforcement exercise, a large number of miscreants/cultists launched a serious attack on the officers with broken bottles, stones, axe and other dangerous weapons from different spots including uncompleted buildings.” Egbeyemi stated that the officers stood their ground and flushed them out from their hideouts while some of them escaped through the roof. He maintained that residents in the areas had been complaining of attacks of innocent members of the public by these miscreants and cult gangs especially in the early hours of the day and late at night. “Let me sound a note of warning to owners of structures harbouring criminal elements to immediately flush them out as the government would not hesitate to demolish any building occupied by miscreants and cultists across the State,” he warned. He informed that the Lagos State Commissioner of Police has directed that all the 21 arrested notorious suspects be prosecuted. He also disclosed that the Agency has impounded 78 commercial motorcycles for engaging in illegal activities around Onipanu, Adekunle and Igbo-efon by the Jakande area of Lekki. He said the motorcyclists were arrested for flouting the directives of the Lagos State Government on social distancing, use of nose-mask and banned on activities of commercial motorcyclists across the State as part of efforts to curb the spread of Coronavirus pandemic. According to him, the Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu led administration is doing everything possible to flatten the curve of the Coronavirus pandemic in the State, imploring the citizens to strictly adhere to all the safety precautions given by the government such as maintaining social distancing and the use of nose masks.