Calamity was narrowly averted on Tuesday at Ijero Ekiti, Ijero Local Government Area of Ekiti State, as fire razed down a section of Owa Ajero’s palace in the community. During the inferno, six children of Owa Ajero, Oba Joseph Adebayo Adewole, were evacuated by sympathisers, having been caught in the sudden fire outbreak. Narrating the incident, Olori Christianah Adewole, told journalists that the fire suddenly surged around 4pm from a section of the palace called Abokoaye and burnt the entire rooms therein. Olori Adewole added that the four-bedroom flat was destroyed and it took the intervention of sympathisers to rescue six children who were inside the rooms in the bungalow. She said some visitors who came to the palace noticed the thick smoke from that section and raised alarm before sympathisers helped put out the fire and prevented the inferno from spreading to the first floor of the one -storey building and the adjoining buildings “The fire started around 4pm and the thick smoke oozing out showed that it had started long before the people noticed it. “The rooms and other accessories inside were destroyed and for the help of the people, the children inside were evacuated through the windows”. The governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, represented by his Chief of Staff, Hon. Biodun Omoleye visited the palace for on the spot assessment of the damaged palace and sympathized with the monarch over the incident. Fayemi assured the monarch of the government’s support to rebuild the damaged section and renovation of other areas that needed rehabilitation. He said; “I hope and believe very soon, some help will come from the government to the palace of Ijero kingdom. “It is our prayer that such an unfortunate incident never happens again in this palace. We pray that this will be a stepping stone for the transformation of the entire palace.” Responding, Oba Adewole expressed gratitude to the Governor for the visit and the planned support from the government. The monarch also expressed gratitude that no life was lost during the inferno. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More