The Chief Medical Director of Plateau State Specialist Hospital, Dr. Philemon Golwa, has challenged the Plateau State Research Committee on COVID-19 and other Infectious Diseases to take advantage of the green savannah within our environment in its quest to find a cure for the disease ravaging the country and the entire world. He equally said, despite the nation’s failures as a third world country, “we can still foster ahead and bulldoze our way past the difficult terrains and then get the work done properly”. Golwa disclosed this when the committee paid him a courtesy call at the Plateau State Specialist Hospital, in Jos, the State Capital. According to him, “I think your work is even made easier, with the integration of substances with the western drugs; and I think something we can really put our focus on and do it well. “Sometimes back we have been told about Madagascar herbal substances, that they have arrived, we only read it in the pages of papers, we don’t know how it really can be translated. “But I still believe that West Africa, in general, has more of the green savannah, and so most of the herbs are produced around here and I’m sure if we look deep we will be able to get so many of them that can be the solution to most of the challenges we are having now”, he maintained. “So, I think it is a big stimulus for everybody, and I know with the wealth of selection, I truly believe from the depth of my heart, that it is a highly selected team and they are going to do a thorough job. The CMD further stated that the hospital is open to the committee and assured it of the hospital’s readiness to partner with it. “So I believe that with the wealth of people around, we are going to look critically, adopt a formula or a protocol for the kind of research we are going to do. Earlier in his remarks, chairman of the Committee, Prof Noel Wannang said “We have quickly started our work, we have finished the nitty-gritty we could do at the theoretical level, that is to explore, find out the nature of the biology of the pathogen. “We have gone ahead in looking at the conventional and then the herbal or alternative drugs into the treatment. “We are now moving into the next level of treatment trials, and we have to pay courtesy calls to the treatment institutions. Wannang who is a Professor of Pharmacology and Toxicology, from the University of Jos, maintained that it is not an easy thing and equally not a difficult one, but we have to look inwards. He commended Governor Simon Lalong for such an initiation; adding that, “I believe that the solution is close and we will soon get to it. He also acknowledged that time frame on research, could be put on a paper, “We cannot tell you outrightly that we are going to get the drug today, no; but as researchers, we are very optimistic, we don’t know when nor where, but we know how we are going to get it”. DAILY POST recalls that, on the 18 of May 2020, Governor Simon Lalong, inaugurated the research committee with the mandate to quickly look for intervention into the COVID-19 pandemic.