The International Human Rights Commission (IHRC) on Tuesday condemned the demolition of the Nigerian embassy in Ghana, saying it breached the Vienna convention and other international conventions. Nigeria’s country head and Coordinator for West African volunteers of the IHRC, Ambassador Friday Sani reacted in an interview with journalists in Abuja. He said that Nigeria and Ghana have come a long way in terms of relationship that tend to promote both countries economically and socially, saying that the demolition of Nigeria’s embassy at a time both nations were supposed to think of self determinism was unthinkable. He, however, commended the maturity with which Nigeria’s foreign Affairs Minister, Chief Onyema Ugochukwu was handling the vexatious issue, having registered the matter at the appropriate quarters. “I don’t expect this. There is no way we can start discussion without first condemning the act. As a matter of fact Nigeria and Ghana have come a long way. “This has actually given me and this office a consolation because what this office would have ordinarily done has already be done by the minister of Foreign Affairs and with this level of reactions and actions by Government it will prevent the unfortunate ugly development in future. “I am happy by the actions taken so far by the ministry of Foreign Affairs and I think this is the first time that the ministry of Foreign Affairs is living up to its responsibility. “We will encourage them to continue with that momentum so as to ensure that the rights of Nigerians are protected wherever they find themselves especially those doing legitimate businesses all over the world,” he said. He further expressed disappointment that Ghana which was highly rated in the estimation of IHRC in terms of maintaining brotherhood with its African countries should do this, while he advised that the development should not be allowed to degenerate. According to him, Nigerian indegenes in Ghana were being monitored for prompt response if there were infringement of their human rights. He also urged Nigerians to avoid reprisal attacks, believing that Ghanaian government would not sit to see the image of that country dragged in the mud.