The Vice Chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria, Kaduna State chapter, Rev. Dr. Chris Annger, has called on government to extend the seriousness given to COVID-19 in tackling the security situation in the country, particularly the Southern Kaduna incessant killings. He noted that the incessant attacks in the area, resulting to unimaginable loss of lives and properties is becoming so worrisome and required government attention for proactive measures to be taken to bring the situation under control. Speaking in Kaduna during the first Sunday service after the COVID-19 lockdown, Rev. Dr. Annger, who is the resident Pastor-in-charge of the NKST Church, otherwise known as Universal Reformed Christian Church, Kaduna noted that the continuous killings in the area was a great concern to every Nigerian, while calling on government to ensure efforts are taken to restore peace in the area. Speaking on the topic, “God has different ways of visiting his people”, he said the thought of God is different from the ways of man, stressing that God chooses to visit his people so that his glory would be visible to mankind. He added, “I believed that we have learnt lessons in the period of COVID-19 pandemic. God is using the pandemic to speak to mankind in a special way for man to repent and return totally to the Lord Jesus Christ.” He enjoined Christians to remain focused on God, saying that the COVID-19 had come and nobody can stop it from spreading all over the world. Rev. Dr. Annger said during the COVID-19 lockdown, it was a period for every family to redirect their total lives to God Almighty in service and in searching the scripture, in total submission to the will of the God Almighty. During the Church service, DAILY POST observed that there was strict adherence to government and health workers directives of the washing of hands, sanitizer, social distancing in the Church, wearing of mask by every member that comes into the Church for service. Most of the members who spoke expressed gratitude to God Almighty for sparing their lives and prayed that God would show mercy and take away the coronavirus pandemic from the surface of the earth.