There is palpable fear among residents of Osun State, as the Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital, LAUTECH, Osogbo, was shut down after receiving an ophthalmology patient with COVID-19 symptoms, from Lagos State. Sources in the hospital hinted DAILY POST on Saturday that the patient was referred from Lagos State to LAUTECH for an ophthalmological surgery. The patient was said to have paid for all the necessary fees and was ready for the surgery. It was further gathered that there is apprehension among medical personnel in the hospital, after attending to the patient and later discovered the patient presented coronavirus symptoms. Source further noted that fourteen persons including medical personnel and other patients present at the clinic have been quarantined. Consequently, the patient was sent to Osun State General Hospital, Asubiaro, isolation centre for test. Sources in the hospital hinted that the optical clinic and all other clinics within the dome have been shut down since Thursday, except emergency section. Medical personnel was said to have requested for Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) before they could to patients before the hospital was later fumigated on Friday. A staff of the hospital, who pleaded anonymity, lamented that the patient ought not to have been referred to Osun state, since the patient had been showing symptoms in Lagos State. All efforts to confirm the present status of the patient from the State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Rafiu Isamitu proved abortive, as he didn’t pick his calls nor reply to the text message sent to him. Meanwhile, DAILY POST reports that four new COVID-19 cases, including one medical personnel were confirmed on Friday in Osun State. Speaking with the Public Relations Officer of the teaching Hospital, Mr. Ayo Adeyemo, confirmed that a patient with COVID-19 symptoms was refereed from Lagos State to the hospital but could not ascertain if doctors have been attending to the person before they directed the patient to General Hospital for coronavirus test. Adeyemo said: “In the referred letter, which was given to the patient, it was clearly stated that they also suspected COVID-19 case. “He was instantly referred to Asubiaro where they manage patients with COVID-19 cases,” he added.