Coronation Merchant Bank says it remains optimistic that there are investment opportunities in Nigeria despite uncertainties in the economy. A team of analysts disclosed this at the Coronation Breakfast Session in Lagos, tagged “Discovering the New Normal: Impact of COVID-19 and Collapse of Oil Prices”. The video conference had in attendance business executives from various sectors of the economy. The Managing Director, Banjo Adegbohungbe, stated that there is a new reality that has enveloped the whole world and Nigeria is not immune to these changes. “These are very uncertain times and our intention is to provide clarity. We believe this is the most critical thing organizations need to navigate their path forward in this unchartered terrain”. Head, Research, Coronation Asset Management, Guy Czartoryski, analysed the shifts in economic power that the COVID-19 pandemic and the fall in oil prices are bringing to the world and outlined what Nigerian companies need to do about them. The research expert said China will grow by over 10% over the two years 2020 and 2021, gaining ground over the US and Europe while in Sub-Saharan Africa, Ethiopia, Ghana and Kenya will move ahead. “In terms of the real sector, manufacturing is just about still growing, it had 0.4% Y-O-Y growth in the first quarter of the year. However, the impact of the shortage of raw materials on the supply side as well as reduced consumer expenditure on the demand side may ultimately result in a recession for the sector”. Oil prices are rallying at the moment, with Brent crude up to $35.0/bbl from its lows of under $20.0/bbl in early April. However, there is no certainty about oil prices later this year, and we know that the nation’s finances work best when Brent crude is trading over $50.0/bbl. Iyobosa Sorae, Treasurer of the Bank, stated that businesses can go into a bi-lateral forward agreement with either a bank or an exporter to close forward transaction. The official noted that this way, they can mitigate their exchange rate risk by agreeing on a forward rate and settling against that rate on a pre-determined date. “In addition to this, the Central Bank of Nigeria has worked so hard, especially when you consider the NDF platform that has been put in place for the market. All of this was to take into consideration, ways by which we can mitigate exchange rate risk when FDIs and corporates inflow their funds into the country. “So, what we have seen is that the window – in terms of the maturity bucket – for the NDF transactions has been extended further to about five years for loans and FDIs while import related transactions have been extended to about thirteen months”. The expert in his comments on interest rates, cited that the rates of Nigerian treasury bills (T-bills) are around 3.0%, well below the inflation rate of 12.3%. Sorae said this means businesses are being encouraged to borrow and expand and that until when the rates go up, there are opportunities for those businesses prepared to attempt to take market share off their rivals. “This is unlikely to be straightforward, however. With inflation running in double-digits and the rate of economic growth slowing down, the consumer is under renewed pressure. So, sales of basic foodstuffs and goods are likely to do much better than discretionary items or even high-quality branded goods. Routes to market are likely to change in many areas” he added. Chief Risk Officer of the Bank, Magnus Nnoka, explained that historically, there has always been a new normal after every pandemic and that institutions will have to pass through two phases. “First is the immediate phase – which most businesses have gone through – that speaks to the risk managers attitude and the actions they have put in place to cope with the pandemic thus far. “For the next phase, institutions are expected to continuously reappraise their business continuity actions as well as the stress test carried out so as to ensure it is appropriate for the current mode in which the business is operating. “More importantly, organizations need to begin to align their risk management practices to business objectives as well as identify new opportunities in the current situation. Therefore, it is only businesses that have gone through these two phases that will be prepared for the new normal”. Demola Adekoya, Group Head, Corporate Banking, stresses that the pandemic presents opportunity to further enlighten the bank’s clients as to how they can navigate these uncertain times. “The Coronation breakfast session is an ongoing event that provides a platform to create significant value for our customers around major issues that impact their businesses objectives”, Adekoya said. May Day: Coronation Merchant Bank hails Nigerian workers, COVID-19 frontline personnel Coronation Merchant Bank appoints Banjo Adegbohungbe as acting Managing Director Coronation Merchant Bank appointed Nigeria Customs Revenue Collector