The Director General of the Buhari/Osinbajo Campaign Council in Ekiti State in the 2019 Presidential election, Dr. Olusegun Osinkolu, has warned the All Progressives Congress(APC) members against taking steps that could endanger the party’s chances in the 2022 governorship poll in the state. Osinkolu advised the State Working Committee (SWC) and other leaders to be receptive to all tendencies in the party, while also charging the aggrieved to exploit the windows of party’s resolution mechanism to ventilate their anger. The Presidential Adviser on Political Matters, Senator Babafemi Ojudu, former House of Representatives member, Hon. Oyetunde Ojo, Dr. Wole Oluyede and few others, recently filed a suit at the High Court in Abuja, seeking the dissolution of the SWC on account of being heralded into office in an undemocratic way. The APC leader who gave the advice in a statement made available to newsmen in Ado Ekiti, on Tuesday, called for caution on the sides of the SWC and the aggrieved individuals. The APC chieftain, who described as worrisome, the legal action taken by some party members calling for the dissolution of the SWC, warned that any attempt to brew autocracy in APC will automatically boomerang and bruise the party deeply. “This party belongs to all of us, nobody should think he is more entitled than the others. We all laboured, spending our time, networks and resources to strengthen the party since its consummation in 2013. “I believe the SWC has a lot of work to do. They were chiefly composed to stabilise the party through shrewd and efficient human resources management. They have to be receptive to everybody and stop perceiving anyone as enemy or fifth columnist. “This is a two-way thing, the aggrieved too must be humble enough to channel their grievances through internal resolution mechanism of our party to seek redress. “If the two sides refuse to shift grounds and maintain hardlining posture, there may be a repeat of Rivers and Zamfara debacle here in Ekiti, which will be an ill-wind that will consume our political prowess”, he warned. Osinkolu appealed to Governor Kayode Fayemi to mediate in the crisis before it snowballs into a full scale war. “This is not the time for our leaders to keep quiet, silence is not golden this time. There must be a prompt fence mending actions to halt the dangerous underhand scheming that can have pernicious effects on our party in 2022,” Osinkolu advised.