The Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma chapter, Monday Igbafen, on Wednesday alleged threat to his life and property for carrying out his union’s activities. He alleged that the threat is coming from the Vice Chancellor of the ivory tower, Prof. Ignatius A. Onimawo. In a press statement entitled “Threat to my life and personal safety by the Vice Chancellor” and made available to newsmen in Benin. “I write to bring to your notice a personal fear for the security of my life and that of my job, following the threat issued against my person by the Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Ignatius A. Onimawo of our dear university via his personal telephone number. “My alleged instant offence that warranted the threat of the Vice-Chancellor is for carrying out union’s activity in my capacity as chairman of the University’s chapter of the Academy Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) particularly for daring to write and sign a union letter, which is probably considered to be offensive by the Vice-Chancellor, a letter which the union copied the visitor to the university, the Secretary to Edo State Governorment, the Commissioner for Education and the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council” Igbafen, while commenting on the issue of the certificate of Governor Goodwin Obaseki as published in an online medium, tasked those saddled with the responsibility of investigating those behind the said publication to do so in order for the leadership of ASUU-AAU chapter to be exonerated. “However, a particular comment on the rebuttal story of the Vice-Chancellor on the Nairaland forum insinuated that the leadership of ASUU in the University and the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of the governing council cannot be exenorated from the whole controversy as an attempt to get at the Vice Chancellor. “Having received this allegation, which the union consider to be very serious, the said memo was written to draw the attention of the Vice-Chancellor to it and the urgent need to conclude his promised investigation into the serious issue and to also ensure that the maker of the said comment of the involvement of ASUU leadership and the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Governing Council is/are tracked, identified and made to prove his/their allegation”, he stated. Igbafen wondered why the Vice-Chancellor has decided to turn the heat on him. “I am extremely worried why the Vice Chancellor should personally identify me for the ‘kill’ over an issue that is essentially that of the union. To say the least, I am terribly afraid for my life and job given the influence and enormous powers that a Vice Chancellor wields both in and out of the University”, Igbafen in the press statement said. Responding, the University Public Relations Officer, Mr. Edward Aihevba said the ASUU chairman lacks coordinations and that he should direct his issue to the appropriate quarters rather than dragging the name of the Vice-Chancellor into his problem.