Chief Henry Ikoh, a former Governorship Candidate and the immediate Past Commissioner for Industry, Science and Technology, in Abia State, has insisted that his recent defection to the All Progressives Congress(APC), from the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP), was not borne out of any feud with the Governor Okezie Ikpeazu-led government. He maintained that his relationship with the Abia Governor remained cordial and without grudges. The industrialist has also decried the alleged ill-treatment meted to him and party supporters by the leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) at the last congresses held in the state. This followed outcry trailing his defection to the governing All Progressives Congress, (APC) last Wednesday. DAILY POST recalls that the ex-Commissioner for Industry had in a letter dated 9th, June 2020, addressed to the Chairman, Oboro Ward 3, PDP, in Ikwuano local government area of Abia State and copied the zonal and national leadership of the party, declared his resignation as a member of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party(PDP). He accused the leadership of the PDP of sidelining him and teeming supporters in many Party decisions. Following his defection, the Abia State chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC), confirmed his membership. The Publicity Secretary of APC in Abia State, Benedict Godson, had disclosed that Ikoh registered in his Umundara Oboro Ward-3 in Ikwuano Local Government Area, saying the registration has made him a full-fledged and card-carrying member of the All Progressives Congress(APC) in the state. However, breaking his silence during an interview with newsmen, in Ahuwa Oboro, Ikwuano local government area of Abia State, on Monday, Ikoh claimed the PDP had derailed on the ideologies upon which it was founded. He said many leaders and stakeholders in the state have been deliberately relegated to the background despite huge efforts and sacrifices made to ensure PDP retains power till date. Ikoh disclosed that the majority of PDP members in the local government area and the entire Abia are disenchanted with the impunity presently manifesting in PDP, revealing that many leaders would soon leave the party in a couple of weeks and months. He assured that his entry into the All Progressives Congress(APC) fold would further brighten the chances of the party in winning future elections as well as its quest to form a new government in the state. According to the new APC chieftain, “APC should expect massive support with our entry into the Progressives party, because we are poised to ensure our people are provided with infrastructural amenities in the state”. ”We are undeterred in our match to instil people-oriented government. It is a well-known fact that our people are yearning for change, so, I believe that the only platform to give our people quality leadership is APC”.