Following the report of two index cases of Coronavirus in Kogi State by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has declared a total lockdown in Kabba/Bunu Local Government of the state. The lockdown, according to the governor while briefing the press on Monday morning, will last for two weeks. It will start from 12 am midnight of June 2nd to 15th June, 2020. This, according to the governor will allow for testing and contact tracing of the individuals that had contact with the index cases. The governor in his address described the action as painful, urging residents in the local government to abide by the directive. He maintained his earlier position that there is no coronavirus in Kogi State. One of the index cases as reported is the Chief Imam of Kabba. His words “During the lockdown, there shall be no house-to-house movement within the Local Government Area. street movement is completely prohibited within the local government area for the period. “Palliative would be distributed from house to house within the Local Government Area. Contact tracing should be carried out house-to-house to identify those who might have made contact with the alleged Kogi COVID-19 index persons; the Chief Imam of Kabba and his son within the local government. “The Kogi State incident management team should continue to thoroughly carry out the contact tracing. The contact tracing and enforcement of the lockdown order shall be fully covered by the mainstream media. “Health workers who might have made contact with the alleged index case should proceed on self-isolation. All security agencies in the state are to enforce total compliance with the lockdown order. All citizens and residents of the state should continue to adhere to the NCDC guideline as the state still remains COVID-19 free”. COVID-19: Kogi lawmaker tells Bello to wake up to reality of coronavirus COVID-19: Kogi govt must accept truth- Family of Chief Imam confirms index case Kogi decides: Buhari's aide, Onochie speaks as Gov. Yahaya Bello takes early lead