BetKing and J.J Okocha foundation have continued to support states in the fight against COVID-19 by donating essential materials to isolation centers across Nigeria. This week, the company made donations to Rivers and Anambra States with a view to curbing the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. This followed their donation to Lagos State last week. While presenting the items to the governments of both states, BetKing and JJ Okocha foundation represented by Master Agent, Joseph Donatus and Regional Success Manager, Pascal Nduka applauded the government for their strategic response in combating COVID-19 which has kept the number of cases in Rivers and Anambra very low. Nduka went on to state that, “the essence of our contribution is to ensure the safety of the frontline workers as they assiduously serve our communities.” Extreme Left: Valentine Okafor (P.A Anambra state lottery Board) Second Left: Ugochukwu Muonyelu (Betking Agent) Third Left: Prof. Solo Chukwulobelu (Secretary to State Government). Second Right: Pascal Nduka (BetKing Regional Success Manager) Extreme Right: Kenechi Onwukwe (Betking Super Agent ) Receiving the donations in Anambra State, the Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Solo Chukwulobelu expressed the state’s gratitude for the items. He stated, “the contribution will be very helpful and will go a long way in ensuring our workers are kept safe.” In Rivers State, the Secretary of State Government, Dr Tammy Danagogo commended BetKing and JJ Foundation for the initiative and affirmed that the personal protection equipment, hygiene products and food items would aid the state’s efforts in suppressing the spread of the coronavirus in Nigeria. BetKings’ support reinforces its commitment to improve the lives of those in communities where they operate. BetKing is a sports betting company offering online and agency services in all states within Nigeria. With headquarters in Lagos state, BetKing is working towards becoming Africa’s most valued Sports Betting Company. BetKing Link – www.betking.com?utm_source=Daily%20Post&utm_medium=Link&utm_campaign=CSR&utm_content=Palliative