Organizers of the popular Nigerian reality Television show, Big Brother Naija, have been accused of unfairness in the lockdown edition. For this reason, some Nigerians have demanded that some evicted housemates be returned to the show to continue playing their games with the hope of possibly claiming the N85 million grand prize. According to them, one or two housemates have been evicted from the house not based on the principles of equality and justice. The Nigerians argued that it was unfair for the organizers to leave the fate of housemates in the hands of their fellow contestants who may have one reason or the other to want to see them leave the house. The viewers believe that each housemate may have entered the show with a game plan which may not be suiting to others but still has the right to continue playing the game until the public decides when to evict them. According to them, eviction of housemates should be their prerogative, in this sense, a privilege exclusive to the viewers and should remain so. Biggie has already evicted five housemates from the lockdown house this season. They are, Ka3na and Lilo, Erico and Tochi and Kaisha. Among these ex-housemates two were ousted by their fellow contestants not the viewers. The viewing and voting public did not vote out Lilo and Kaisha, their fellow housemates did. Put differently, Kaisha and Lilo did not leave the lockdown house due to lowest votes. They left because others picked holes in their game plan. Following the introduction of the new twist, housemates are to pick two housemates from those put up for possible eviction due to low votes. Housemate, Ozo had said he voted out the ladies, Lilo and Ka3na in the first eviction Sunday because he was close to the guys who were up for eviction. Some Nigerians who shared their opinion on this issue with DAILY POST said that Biggie must not bring circular politics into the house and should henceforth allow viewers’ votes decide who leaves and who stays. Take for instance in the last Sunday eviction, Kaisha was ahead of Trickytee, Wathoni and even Neo but had to go because her fellow contestants so wanted. Vee- 3.89
Tolanibaj- 3.77
Brighto -3.76
Kaisha -3.48
Trikytee- 3.47
Wathoni -3.25
Neo -3.13 This was also the case with the first Sunday eviction show where Lilo was saved by the public but was evicted by her fellow housemates. Emeka Nwedi, a Nigerian youth and a die-hard follower of BBNaija, kicked against this ‘new twist’, saying it did not represent the opinion of the lovers and viewers of the show. According to him, “Let me tell you the truth, right now, some people have stopped voting and I’m one of them. Tell me, what is the purpose of voting when I have the doubt that my vote may not count. “It started with Lilo, then Kaisha, very soon, it would be a pattern. I’m totally against it. Let the viewer decide who stays in the house. We”re talking of N85 million grand prize here. Let them not make it a child’s play.” Mrs Josephine Adoyi is of the view that those entertaining the viewers may all be evicted and the reality show will lose its vibes. She cited the example of Lucy who is not in the good books of the housemates, but her energy is quite entertaining to the viewers. She said ” Imagine if Lucy finds herself in the bottom, she will be evicted. Many will dump watching the show. The strategy is a bad one. The show is for us to watch, not for the organizers,” she said. Also speaking with our correspondent, Ade Olayinka who also spends time on the reality show said, “They want to bring Nigerian politics inside the house. How do you allow housemates to decide the fate of others. “Theirs should be to compete while we, the viewers decide. They’re all chasing the money and no one is above anyone in the house. “This is absolutely painful. The evicted housemate will come out feeling very bad knowing that the public wanted him/her to remain in the game. Something must be done if not the number of votes will reduce.” Mr. Akubueze Bilie, a radio presenter, while admitting that the organizers have the right to make decisions and introduce new twists, faulted the rounds of voting by housemates, saying, “By doing that, you are undermining the public opinion. “You are telling them ‘thank you for voting, but we want someone else to decide’ That’s bad. People will gradually start losing faith in the show. After all, every housemate is there for the money. Give them equal rights. “Don’t empower some others to bring the game of fellow contestants to an end even when the public says otherwise. I think Lilo and Kaisha should return to the show. They were treated unfairly and I can tell you for free, they’re not happy.” There are 15 housemates left in the lockdown house and at least, one will be evicted during Sunday live eviction show anchored by former housemate, Ebuka Uchendu.