The Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation Lafiya Dole, has hit another Boko Haram terrorists’ structure at Warshale in Borno State, killing scores of the terrorists in recent airstrikes. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, in a statement on Friday, said the air task force had continued to yield tangible results across the theatre of operation. Enenche said the mission was executed after credible intelligence reports and series of aerial surveillance missions established that the settlement was one of those being used by the terrorists as a staging area to launch attacks. According to him, the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) fighter jets and attack helicopters engaged the location and recorded devastating hits resulting in the obliteration of several structures and killing of some of the terrorists. The statement read: “Air strikes being conducted by the Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation LAFIYA DOLE under the subsidiary Operation HAIL STORM have continued to yield tangible results. The latest of these is the destruction of several Boko Haram Terrorists’ (BHTs’) structures and neutralization of their fighters at Warshale in the Northern part of Borno State on 19 August 2020. “The mission was executed after credible intelligence reports and a series of aerial surveillance missions established that the settlement was one of those being used by the terrorists as a staging area to launch attacks. Accordingly, the Air Task Force dispatched Nigerian Air Force (NAF) fighter jets and attack helicopters, which engaged the location recording devastating hits resulting in the obliteration of several structures as well as the neutralization of some of the terrorists. “The Armed Forces of Nigeria, operating in concert with other security agencies and stakeholders, will sustain its efforts to rid the North East of all terrorists and other criminal elements.” Watch video below OPERATION HAIL STORM: AIR TASK FORCE OBLITERATES BOKO HARAM TERRORISTS’ STRUCTURES, NEUTRALIZES SEVERAL FIGHTERS AT WARSHALE IN BORNO STATE #DHQUpdate https://t.co/Ldz6bvdMe5 pic.twitter.com/lHuTfSaNR6 — DEFENCE HQ NIGERIA (@DefenceInfoNG) August 21, 2020