The Middle Belt Forum, MBF, has noted that the death of Pa Ayo Fasanmi, a reputable champion of justice and progress for Nigerians, has robbed Nigeria’s ethnic nationalities engaged in the demand for restructuring for a better country founded on a true federalism. Dr Isuwa Dogo, National Publicity Secretary of the forum, in a statement on Sunday and made available to DAILY POST, said that his participation in political emancipation of the country from British colonial powers showed Pa Fasanmi as one of the guiding lights that joined hands with other nationalists to gain political freedom. The statement observes that, “The Elder statesman’s active participation in the activities of Nigeria’s socio-cultural organisations revealed the depth of commitment he had for the emancipation of Nigerians from the claws of injustice made worse by the presence of a system that has continued to render the dreams of the nation’s founding fathers impossible to realise.” ‘As a champion of justice and equity, Pa Fasanmi, the leader of Afenifere, the statement explained, was never afraid to speak the truth to power just as he willingly collaborated and walked together with various organisations to fight for worthy causes. The statement further observed, “More than anything, his determination not to look back in the fight for justice made him an irrepressible voice that proved crucial in articulating many issues confronting the Nigerian nation.” The MBF said it is not only pained by his passage, but also joined others in mourning the death of a worthy nationalist whose essence was ably demonstrated in his uncommon commitment for truth and justice, adding that Pa Fasanmi was not only an advocate of development, he grew beyond the South-west and became a national hero. “His footprints in various fields of human endeavours and the unrivalled commitment he brought in advancing his vision set him apart as an inspirational figure for all Nigerians across socio-economic, religious and ethnic divide. “As the nation mourns the death of this colossus, the MBF is proud of the legacies Pa Fasanmi left behind. There can be no true honour for the memory of this national patriot than for Nigeria’s socio-cultural organisations to be rededicated to the pursuit of justice and equity,” the forum explained. The statement noted that Pa Fasanmi’s life was a demonstration of commitment to the dawn of a new nation where none shall be oppressed, adding, “The death of this great son of Nigeria should spur patriotic citizens never to let go of the struggle for the restructuring of the country.” The forum further said, “We commiserate with the Yoruba Nation and entire citizens of this country over the death of Pa Fasanmi. Our prayers are with his immediate family. We pray to the Almighty God to grant his soul eternal rest.”