The Evangelical Church Winning All (ECWA) has called on the Special Forces deployed to Southern Kaduna to “fish out, arrest, disarm and handover for prosecution”, those unleashing mayhem on the people of the senatorial district. The Church also called on both the Federal and Kaduna State Governments to resettle displaced persons affected by the attacks in their ancestral homes and give them adequate security protection. ECWA disclosed this through its President, Rev. Stephen Panya Baba, in Jos, the Plateau State Capital, urging the government to treat citizens of Southern Kaduna with “equity, fairness and justice”. ”The Evangelical Church Winning All (ECWA) family worldwide is elated by the news of the deployment of both the Nigeria Army and Nigeria Air Force special troops a few days ago to stop the senseless and wastage of human lives, destruction of properties, and hindrances to agro-economic activities in Southern Kaduna. “We salute the courage of President Buhari to heed to pleas of well-meaning Nigerians in this respect, even if it is termed late. ”ECWA worldwide calls on the Special Forces to, “respect the rights of law-abiding citizens of Southern Kaduna irrespective of status, tribe or religion and treat all without bias. “Fish out, arrest, disarm and handover for prosecution, the so-called unknown gunmen who have unleashed unwarranted mayhem on the people of Southern Kaduna, especially that intelligence report from official security and local sources, have often revealed the locations of their camps. The President maintained that both ECWA in collaboration with the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) and other bodies are praying for God’s protection on the deployed troops, as they carry out their legitimate assignment in Southern Kaduna and the entire country. “We also will continue to work through CAN leadership at National and State levels, and through our Churches at community levels, to promote dialogue and reconciliation for lasting peace”, he assured.