The Military Task Force responsible for maintaining peace in Plateau State, parts of Southern Kaduna and Bauchi states, Operation Safe Haven (OPSH) has arrested eight suspects in connection with the killings in the Kaduna South Senatorial District, Major General Chukwuemeka Okonkwo, Commander of OPSH, who paraded the suspects in Kafanchan on Monday, said the arrest was part of its effort to curtail the killings. Okonkwo who was represented by Col. David Nwakonobi, the Commander, Sector 7 of the OPSH, said six of the suspects were arrested on August 5, 2020, at Lere Local Government Area; while two others were arrested at Chawai, a village on the fringes of Kauru and Zangon Kataf Local Government Areas of the State. According to him, the arrest was based on credible intelligence reports made available to the OPSH. He said, “In a bid to curb the recent attacks and isolated killings in Southern Kaduna, our troops have continued to intensify efforts aimed at curtailing the menace and ensuring peace in the general area. “On August 5, 2020, our troops acting on credible intelligence, apprehended six suspected militias at Lere LGA. He added that “One locally fabricated pump action gun, two locally made pistols, one 9mm ammunition, four machetes and two motorcycles were found in their possession. The Commander further stated that troops of OPSH in collaboration with members of the vigilante group also arrested two suspects at Chawai, a village between Kauru and Zangon Kataf LGAs. According to him, “One locally pump action gun, three cartridges, two mobile phones and a dagger were recovered from them. Okonkwo further stated that the suspects had been profiled and a preliminary investigation conducted. He, however, said the suspects would be handed over to the Police for further investigation and prosecution. Okonkwo also disclosed that one of the militias who was involved in the recent attacks in the area was killed. “His dead body was discovered at Kibori village during a rescue operation by our troops. “We also have information on the identity of some of the hoodlums that carried out the last attack; we are on the trail and by the grace of God we will soon get them,” he assured. The Commander urged residents of the affected areas to be calm, law-abiding and support the OPSH in its bid to restore lasting peace to Southern Kaduna and environs. The suspects paraded include; Abubakar Ali, Ali Amadu, Bawa Idi, Umar Dikko, Garba Damons, Mohammed Ibrahim, Adamu Joseph and William Barnabas.