Nigerians have reacted to a viral video of Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemates, Ozo and Nengi last night. In the video, Ozo’s hands were seen moving under the duvet towards the chest area of Nengi. It is not clear if Ozo was fondling Nengi’s breast, but Nengi could be heard saying ‘seriously’. Both housemates in the last five weeks have been close friends. Ozo has several times made his intention known to Nengi. But Nengi has insisted that she has a relationship outside the house hence cannot be more than friends with him. She, however, mentioned to him that she would have sex on national television if she wanted to. The video has since stirred reactions from BBNaija fans on Twitter as some alleged that Ozo was touching her breast, others said it was just her hand. Here are comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Toluwanni “It has finally happened. I hope Nengi fans will let my kiddrica breathe now. Both are adults, let them enjoy.” @Yvonne “I have watched the video 10 times I still don’t understand o, but I can see movements.” @Adeolablessing “ Ozo has graduated he is touching breast now. My guy is woke. The patient dog.” @Thessa “ Dude(Ozo) is so horny. Damn ! He’s starting to harass her.” @Giftntaji “ You guys should stop it , I don’t like any of them ,but it clear that Ozo was just holding her hand.” @Erms “ Don’t think it’s fingering but he is touching something maybe but why is Ozo whining his waist and having that look on his face and touching himself.” @VanessaLarry “ They are obviously not doing anything.” @AmaravhiPearl “ There is a caught. Holy boy finally touch breast and thrusting going on.” @Anu_GD “It is so clear that he is rubbing her face only a crazy person would say he is fingerin her.” @Gloween “ Ozo fans are jubilating for their fave
Nengi’s fans are crying that their Virgin Mary has been Kemenized. Some others are blaming it on Erica Elites.” @Babatundea78 “ This ship must sail!!!! All of una saying Ozo was just rubbing Nengi hand under duvet. So hand no pain her before Kayode off light.” @PurpleCaribbean “ Ozo Pressing her and masturbating. Did she know? @Melortalor “ You ppl should stop dragging ozo for continuing to chase nengi anymore. She says she wants to be just friends but showers with him and lets him touch her so I don’t know again.” VIDEO : #Ozo , remember Kemen and @officialtboss. Is #Nengi aware you are touching her? Did she say "yes"? Self control is key!#BBNaijaLockdown #IfIWereBiggie #bbnaijalockdown2020 #bbnaija2020 #OZOnaContent pic.twitter.com/VzZcCUFhG5 — Nwachukwu John Owen (@johnowen99) August 21, 2020