The Oyo State House of Assembly on Tuesday called on the state Ministry of Public Works and Transport, the Police and other agencies to restrict motorcyclists, tricyclists and commercial drivers from plying Agodi GRA roads and other adjoining roads. The assembly also called on the police and other security agencies to mount all-round surveillance in the area to reduce the activities of armed robbers, car and bag snatchers and other criminals. DAILY POST learnt that the call for a ban on motorcyclists and other commercial drivers is coming few hours after the killing of a 45-year-old man by some armed robbers around Oyo State Government House. DAILY POST gathered that a man identified as Taoreed Olusola was on Monday killed by some armed robbers after withdrawing some amount of money in a commercial bank in Ibadan. But, the member representing Ibadan South West Constituency 1, Hon Yusuf Adebisi while reacting, raised the need to ban motorcyclists, tricyclists and commercial vehicles from plying Agodi GRA road and other adjoining roads. Adebisi recalled that a man was macheted last week in the same area by men of the underworld who pretended to be seeking for a free ride. The House after series of deliberations then urged the Police in collaboration with officers of Oyo State Road Traffic Maintenance Agency (OYRTMA) to put inscriptions showing restriction of movement on the said roads. It warned that any motorcyclist, tricyclist or commercial driver who flouts this order would be made to face the full wrath of the law. The Oyo State Government through the state Ministry of Public Works and Transportation was equally asked to see to the possibility of procuring and installing CCTV cameras along Secretariat, Government House and Ibadan Civic center road to track and expose perpetrators of those heinous crimes. Speaker, Oyo State House of Assembly, Hon Adebo Ogundoyin, while speaking, said it was a bad commentary that armed robbers operate with impunity and even maim and kill their targets on Agodi GRA road and its adjoining road. Ogundoyin noted that okada riders and other commercial tricycles and drivers should not have thoroughfare especially in such reserved areas.