Olusegun Bamgbose, National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has said that the National Caretaker Committee Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Governor Mai Mala Buni, is not happy with the return of a former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara to the ruling party. He said Dogara’s return may truncate the plan of the cabal to weaken Tinubu’s chances of emerging as APC presidential flag bearer come 2023. Bamgbose also asked Buni not to be economical with the truth about Tinubu/Dogara presidential ticket come 2023. Buni, the Chairman of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Committee of the ruling party had in statement on Thursday described the Tinubu/Dogara presidential ticket as a rumour. Buni’s statement came few hours after Bamgbose had claimed that the sudden return to the APC, by a former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, was masterminded by Bola Tinubu. Bamgbose said the Yobe State Governor was being economical with the truth, adding that “unknown to many, Governor Buni is positioned to drastically dwindle the chances of Tinubu emerging as APC flag bearer come 2023.” In a statement to DAILY POST on Saturday morning, the senior lawyer, added, “It should be recalled that recently, I made it abundantly clear that, Tinubu orchestrated Dogara’s return to APC, to enhance his presidential ambition. “Tinubu and Dogara have refused to comment on it, they are in the best position to tell Nigerians, that it’s a mere rumour. “Governor Buni was never comfortable with Dogara’s return to APC, as that may alter their plan to weaken Tinubu’s chances, of emerging as APC presidential flag bearer come 2023. “This may sound absurd but the truth is that Buni was appointed to axe Tinubu’s presidential ambition. The cabals have no plan whatsoever to back Tinubu come 2023. “The road is so rough and unpredictable for Tinubu, to emerge APC flag bearer at the end of the day. “As a presidential hopeful, I foresee surprises come 2023. I’m ready to slug it out with any candidate, in any party.”