The Akwa Ibom State Police Command said it has arrested some child-trafficking syndicates and rescued three victims in the state. It added that it also arrested a fake soldier allegedly involved in armed robbery. The State Police Commissioner, CP Imohimi Edgal, disclosed this on Tuesday during a press briefing held at the command’s headquarters, Ikot Akpanabia, Uyo, the State capital. The Commissioner noted that while acting on a tip-off, one Ifeoma James Inalegwu, a female, aged 52 years from Okigwe, Imo State and Joy Njoku Patrick, aged 40 years from Ikwerre, Rivers State conspired and pretended to assist one Victory Anietie Okon, female, aged 22 years of Nung Udoe, Ibesikpo Asutan local government area who after giving birth on July 5, 2020 needed assistance from them for the upkeep of the child. He said the victim was deceived and the baby was trafficked to Imo State adding that the one-month-old baby has been rescued and reunited with the family. He said the suspect would be arraigned in court soon. Edgal hinted that operatives of Anti-Child Theft/Trafficking arrested one Grace Moffat Udofia ‘f’, 36yrs of Edem Idim Okpo Ete, Obot Akara Local Government Area who was found in possession of a 4-month-old baby, but she could not give an account of how the baby was born. The baby was rescued and sent to the Ministry of Women Affairs, while investigation continues. He further hinted that, through a credible intelligence on 3/8/2020, Operatives of Anti-Child Theft/Trafficking Unit arrested one Peace Archibong Umoh ‘f’, 35yrs of Ikot Akpan, Essien Udim Local Government Area who after giving birth to a male child on 9/7/2020, later sold the child. He said the baby has been rescued from a buyer, one Nseabasi James Ukpong ‘f’, 45yrs of Ikot Ekpene Local Government Area. The Commissioner also said the command has arrested a fake soldier, John Lucas who claimed to be a Lance corporal for an alleged armed robbery after he snatched a car at gunpoint from its owner. He said Lucas who has confessed to the crime was arrested following credible intelligence after snatching a Toyota Corolla car 2008 model with registration number KWL 837 AX from a lady along Ada George Road in Port Harcourt, River State capital. He stated that the said stolen car has been recovered in Uyo, Akwa Ibom with other exhibits including a complete set of Army camouflage with a pair of boots, adding that suspect would soon be arranged in court after all investigations have been concluded. Also paraded was a 51-year-old pastor and founder of a new generation church, Mfon Etukudoh for allegedly defiling a 13-year-old minor, after she was “waylaid and dragged into his bedroom in the church premises” The Police Commissioner stressed that the command is determined to sustain the fight against crimes and criminality in the state and called on the people to avail them with useful information. “The command is poised to sustain the tempo in the fight against crimes and criminality in order to provide adequate security for the lives and property of the people of the state,” CP Edgal said.