Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has accused his deputy, Hon. Agboola Ajayi, who is the governorship candidate of the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) of plans to malign his person. According to the governor who spoke through the Spokesperson of the Akeredolu/Aiyedatiwa Campaign Organisation, Olabode Richard Olatunde in a statement made available to DAILY POST in Akure, the state capital, Ajayi had also concluded plans to concoct lies against the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state. The governor’s campaign organisation further maintained that Ajayi’s plans, which were initiated five months ago, are targeted at embarrassing the governor, top government officials as well as members of his immediate family. While tagging the plans as unimaginable lies and imaginary concoctions from Ajayi, Olabode maintained that it was part of the many ignoble plots hatched to discredit Governor Akeredolu and the APC ahead of the October 10, 2020 governorship election in the state. Olatunde emphasized that Ajayi had engaged the services of two popular printers in Ondo town and Akure, the state capital, to print fake documents and clone receipts, Olatunde urged the public to be at alert over the sinister plot. Reacting to the allegations, the Chief Press Secretary of the Deputy Governor, Babatope Okeowo, said that the allegations are not true as he stated that it is injustice done to the people of Ondo State by the governor that is giving him nightmares. Okeowo alleged that the family of the Akeredolu running the state government is an open secret as nobody needs any document, either clone or otherwise to prove it. “The wife of the governor has about six projects which she used to siphon money while the son is the consultant to the board of IGR and has access to N4b stashed in an account where he got ten percent of the money. “People don’t need document to show that the government of Akeredolu is the government of father, mother and son and in laws. This is why people are clamouring for his exit from the state.”