Abba Moro, Senator representing Benue South Senatorial District, has called on the people of the state to support a candidate from Benue Zone C to become governor of the state in 2023. Senator Moro made the plea on Saturday during the Benue State Congress of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to elect state Executives of the party. The lawmaker urged political leaders in the state to pick courage and support someone from Benue South to become Governor so as to build an all-inclusive Benue State. Since Benue State was created in 1976, nobody from the Benue South axis has been elected as Governor, a jinx Senator Moro said should be broken in 2023. He called on the five royal families from Zones A and B to support somebody from Benue South for Governor in 2023. His speech below; “Today is unique because it sets a stage for a milestone and, therefore, let me seize this opportunity to thank the Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom, who tenaciously ensures some level of cohesion in PDP that makes it a formidable party and a party to beat in Benue State. “Today, I stand on behalf of the good people of Benue South Senatorial District to say that as we set the stage and march towards 2023, the good people of Benue South asked me, if I come here, to say that they crave the indulgence of the Benue people to support somebody from the Benue South Senatorial District to become Benue Governor in 2023. “In 2007 when some of us contested for the governorship seat, we were under the impression that Benue had three zones and that since zones A and B had produced governors of the state, it was the time for Zone C to produce one. “This was unmindful of other permutations that were in the watch. “Today, 2023 stares us in the face. I am saying this because it will be very difficult for us to meet again in good time before other permutations to decide on where to go. “And so, Your Excellencies, distinguished ladies and gentlemen, it’s my pleasure to say here that by all calculations that our amiable Governor is the fifth Governor of Benue State of the Tiv speaking area of the Royal families. “I, therefore, plead with our brothers from Zones A and B to support someone from Benue South to become Governor, even if it’s for just one term. “Today, we are on the threshold of history, and I urge our political leaders to pick up the courage to support one of us to become Governor, to build inclusiveness in the Benue State and the Benue of our dreams. “I agree with the spirit that has pervaded the historical life of our Tiv brothers and sisters of ‘eating and giving to your brother’, that in the build-up to the new inclusiveness, let the people of Benue South become the ‘brother’ of the Tiv now. “All of you know that a Tiv man, the revered JS Tarka, fought for the minorities, and, therefore, I call on our Tiv brothers and sisters to pick up from where our revered statesman stopped by making 2023 a year where Benue will build new inclusiveness. A year where the Benue people will say ‘enough is enough’, that we are one people because we work together, and together we stand stronger. “Together, we can achieve more. Together we can go far in the drive for us to make a new Benue a reality. A Benue where everybody is everybody’s keeper. “God bless Benue State!”