The love triangle between Erica-Laycon- Kiddwaya seems to have brought tension to Big Brother Naija, BBNaija ‘Lockdown’ edition. It has been from one advice to another from housemates to Laycon after Erica turned him down and chose Kiddwaya. According to Erica, she is mentally attracted to Laycon and physically attracted to Kiddwaya. Erica, who emerged Head of House for the week, also chose her love interest, Kiddwaya, as her deputy even though Laycon was in her head moments before she was called by Biggie to make a decision. This has got BBNaija fans talking about the love triangle as some assume Laycon’s attitude is his strategy to gain votes because he has a relationship outside the house. However, some fans have blamed Erica. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Pokahuntaz “ Seems to me like an obsession. Someone Laycon only just met? He was saying last night that Erica would have dated him if he confessed his love to her earlier. Like wtf! Bro, just move on. It’s a game, play it and leave.” @Evermerituc “Laycon should go and rest jare. Everyday person dey show you say she don pick someone over you yet you wan force yourself give her. This thing he is doing is becoming irritating.” @AuntyEne “That is his strategy to use Kiddwaya and Erica and blackmail viewers to vote for him but my God will expose fraud.” @OlajideDMW “ That Erica na evil and manipulative babe.” @Sxmto “ Erica needs to leave this boy alone. She needs to understand that it will hurt him, rejection will definitely hurt anyone. I don’t know if she’s having pity for him at this point or just being plain ass manipulative and it’s irritating.” @KbUdeogu “ The way Kiddwaya is so unbothered about Laycon is incredible. E no even be like say person dey follow am drag woman. It’s like Laycon doesn’t exist to him in that situation at all.” @BankyBaba “ The fact is Kiddwaya doesn’t really care about Erica. He said it himself yesterday that he doesn’t have any feelings for her. The reason Kid looks not to be bothered is bcos “No feelings.” It is easy when love is not involved.” @UdemuoChisom “Organisers of BBN lockdown should in a matter of urgency send Laycon a relationship counselor. This calls for worry. He’s suddenly become a shadow of himself. housemates now talk to him to move on.This is serious I pray it shouldn’t turn violent.” @Maryanne_spence “ Laycon is spot on manipulative, what point does he prove spewing rubbish to other housemates because things didn’t go the way you wanted. To be honest with recent events no more votes for Laycon.” @Academyguest “ What’s happening to Lycon is just self deceit. We need to be constantly honest with ourselves. Kidd is physically more attractive than u, is a billionaire’s son, is a vibe. Dude, most girls will naturally choose him over you. Accept that! @Northea8211 “ This Laycon guy is getting me pissed. Laycon don’t kill your game because of Erica doesn’t want to reciprocate the feeling back.” @Mikelan3213 “ If Laycon continues like this with too much emotions he will be the next to leave house, no hard feeling man.”