Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Three people on Friday died after helicopter, owned by Quorum Company crashed in Opebi area of Lagos State. The company said that the light helicopter with registration Number 5N-BQW was flying from Port-Harcourt to Lagos before it crashed. 2. An Ondo State High Court sitting in Akure, the state capital, on Friday set aside the suspension of four members of the State House of Assembly by the leadership of the House. Justice Ademola Bola in his ruling said the Speaker, Hon Bamidele Oleyeloogun lacked the power to suspend any member of the Assembly. 3. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Friday night, announced 160 new COVID-19 cases. The new cases were reported from 15 states: Plateau (44), Lagos (27), Katsina (18), Edo (15), FCT (14), Ondo (10), Oyo (9), Kwara (6), Abia (4), Nasarawa (4), Kano (3), Ekiti (2), Kaduna (2), Kebbi (1) and Ogun (1). 4. The Enugu Division of the National Industrial Court has issued Interim Orders restraining the leadership and members of some health workers union in Enugu State from embarking on strike. They were restrained from embarking on any strike/industrial action, pending the hearing and determination of Motions on Notice for Interlocutory Injunctions already filed separately by the Enugu State Government, on August 24, 2020.’ 5. The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Cross River State Council has blacklisted the State Government (Cross River) from any media coverage by all members of union in the state. The union in a communiqué issued at the end of an emergency congress of the state council held on Thursday, August 27, 2020, at the Ernest Etim Bassey Press Centre, Calabar, the council regretted the organization of an illegal press conference thereby creating a platform for former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode (FFK) to abuse and insult a journalist, Mr. Eyo Charles of the Daily Trust Newspaper. 6. A nurse abducted by ISWAP terrorist group in Borno State, northeast Nigeria, earlier this year, has been rescued by troops of the Multinational Joint Task Force. A statement from Colonel Muhammad Dole, Chief of Military Public Information, HQ MNJTF Ndjamena Chad, said the nurse, who was incarcerated in one of ISWAP’s strong holds in the Lake Chad, bolted to safety and freedom, in the aftermath of a joint air interdiction conducted by the MNJTF and national partners. 7. The protracted crisis rocking the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ekiti State assumed a new dimension on Thursday as parallel council executives emerged from local government council congress. The parallel executives emerged from the council congress held at two different locations with each faction announcing new executive officers. 8. The Kwara State Government, on Friday, confirmed the resignation of former Commissioner for Special Duties, Hajia Aisha Ahman Pategi. The State Communications Commissioner, Mrs Afolabi Oshatimehin confirmed that the government has received the resignation of Hon Aisha Ahman Pategi, who was the former Commissioner for Special Duties. 9. Chadwick Boseman, the star of “Black Panther,” has died at 43 following a four-year battle with colon cancer. Boseman died in his Los Angeles home, surrounded by his wife and family, according to his publicist, Nicki Fioravante. 10. Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, has resigned. Abe, 65, explained that he did not want his illness to affect his decision-making.