The Enugu State technical committee for the evaluation of all projects being executed under the Rural Access and Mobility Project-2 (RAMP-2), across the rural communities of the state, has visited some sites, in keeping with the mandate of the Governor, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi. Gov. Ugwuanyi had in line with his administration’s commitment to the World Bank to ensure quality completion of all RAMP-2 projects, on or before October 30, 2020, recently inaugurated the technical committee, headed by the Chairman of Nigerian Society of Engineers, Enugu State Branch, Engr. Festus Ozoemena, to among other terms of reference, assess and evaluate the quality of works being done by the contractors appointed by Enugu RAMP-2, to carry out their civil works. The mandates include to “examine scope of work assigned to the contractors by RAMP-2 and extent of compliance with design and specifications; assess the adequacy or otherwise of the programme of work submitted by the contractors towards completing the assigned works before the RAMP-2 project closing date of October 30, 2020 and thus determine the extent of completion of the various contracts by the contractors; assess and evaluate the competencies of the various contractors with regard to their capabilities in carrying out the contracts awarded to them by RAMP-2, in terms of their mobilization of machines, equipment and personnel needed to effectively complete the jobs on schedule”. The specific objectives also include to “carry out a quality assessment of the works already done by RAMP-2 with a view to proffer any remedial actions; determine the extent of failure/default of works in all completed and ongoing projects under the RAMP-2; evaluate the effect of erosion and other environmental factors on the ongoing works under RAMP -2; make recommendations to the state government/Enugu RAMP-2 on necessary remedial measures to be put in place to ensure that any deficiencies observed are rectified to ensure project delivery on or before October 30, 2020.” Other members of the high-powered committee are Sir. Engr. Dr. Victor Chiwuzie, FNSE, (Secretary), Chairman, Project Investigation and Failure Analysis Committee, Nigeria Society of Engineers, Enugu State; Engr. Emmanuel Icheku,MNSE, Permanent Secretary, State Ministry of Works and Infrastructure; Nnanyelugo Chidi Aroh MNIM,FIDRPN, AcArb, Honourable Commissioner for Information, Engr. Anyora Okereke MNSE, Chief Engineer, State Ministry of Works and Infrastructure; Engr. Ogugua Emehelu, Special Assistant to the Governor on Works and Engr. S. O. Ugwuodo, Lead Infrastructure Engineer, RAMP-2 Enugu.