Former Governor of Oyo State, Otunba Adebayo Alao-Akala, on Saturday, said that he has spoken with all the stakeholders in the All Progressives Congress (APC) ahead of the preparations for the 2023 elections in the State. Alao-Akala, who said he has begged some of the stakeholders, added that the party belongs to all members. The Ogbomoso made this declaration while speaking with journalists in Ibadan. Alao-Akala, who noted that the party is not a company belonging to someone, said that all members of the party should work in unity ahead of the next general elections. The former governor said a credible and transparent primary elections must be held ahead of 2023 elections. Alao-Akala said that the only reason people leave a political party was when they discovered that the leadership of such party cheated them by imposing candidates on them, but said this would be addressed in 2023. “My discussion with the former governor Abiola Ajimobi was much, but on our party, we agreed that since he had been given appointment in Abuja, I should wait behind to reconcile aggrieved members of our party in the State. “Some people were aggrieved after the last general elections. Ajimobi knew I was experienced and I could bring them together with my experience. “I have spoken with all the blocs in the APC and they are ready to return to the party. I begged some of them. I made sacrifices to some. We are all stakeholders in our party since it is not a company belonging to someone, so we should work in unity. “People are complaining that I left APC and later returned, yes it is true because it is normal to get angry and when they begged, I have to return to the party. “Those complaining are not competent enough, if they are, they should hold their respective areas. They should win their polling unit, wards, and even local government because we are all stakeholders in the party. Everybody should know their worth. “They don’t need to be afraid if I would still leave the party or not because there is no permanent friends or enemies in politics but we play politics the way it came. “I know everything about Oyo politics and I am the only person who understands the game very well, with due respect,” he said.