The Bauchi State House of Assembly has summoned the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mohammed Sabi’u Baba, to appear before it to explain the reason state government has failed to act on cases of flooding across the state. This is even as the lawmakers revealed at plenary that three persons have lost their lives to flooding this year, while not less than 150 houses have been destroyed. The decision to summon the SSG was taken following a matter of urgent public importance raised by the member representing Disina State Constituency, Honourable Saleh Hodi Jibir, on the failure of the state government to address the issue of flooding in the state. According to him, there was a report of rampant flooding last year across the state, which prompted the House to set up a committee that went round the local governments on assessment tours and later submitted its report. The report, Hon Jibir stated included the estimate of the damages, adding that the House then took the report to the executive arm, which he said did not take any action. While lamenting that the same issue of flood across the state was raised on the floor of the House and the executive arm was sent a reminder on it, the lawmaker informed that flooding had claimed some lives in his constituency. “Currently, there is a report of cases of flooding almost everywhere. In Disina, there is flooding in some areas that claimed one life. “I, therefore, urge this honourable House to take immediate and emergency action on the matter in my constituency and the areas where the damages are very high across the state,” Jibri said. In his contribution, the member representing Warri Constituency, Hon Yunusa Ahmad, reported a similar sad story of flooding in his constituency. According to him, two persons lost their lives to flooding at Bura village, while over 150 houses were destroyed at Kamasaya of Dagu Ward, adding that livelihoods of people have been destroyed by the flood. Ahmad added that this happens every year during the raining season and nothing is being done to ameliorate the situation. He informed that the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) is proactive by visiting flood victims but nothing is given to them. The lawmaker suggested that the House should set up a committee to sympathize with the victims and mount pressure on the state government to take action. He further suggested that the COVID-19 palliative items should be diverted to flood victims in view of the fact that victims of Coronavirus are not much in the state. The Majority Leader of the House, Hon. Tijjani Aliyu (Azare /Madangala Constituency), on his part, expressed absolute disappointment in respect to response to emergency by all the relevant agencies in the state. He said that flooding affected many parts of the state, especially in Shira where many people died and houses destroyed, adding that despite the House setting up of a committee which worked with SEMA to produce a report that would be sent to the executive arm, nothing was done to ameliorate the effect of flooding on the people. According to the Majority Leader, “No single item worth five Naira was extended to the victims of flooding across the state. “Our responsibility is to protect the lives and property of the people. I, therefore, urge the honourable House to be proactive in their approach on matters like these. “Let’s make sure the victims get succor from the state and lawmakers.” He then suggested that the House should summon agencies responsible for taking care of emergencies, including flooding, to come and explain what is being done to ameliorate the situation. After contributions and suggestions by members, the House resolved to summon the Secretary to the State Government, under whose office the SEMA is, to explain to the House why the government failed to act on cases of flooding across the state.