Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Engineer Rauf Olaniyan has revealed that the monthly allocation the state is receiving from the federal government is not enough to embark on developmental projects. Olaniyan made this declaration while addressing journalists at his Jericho Ibadan residence Friday evening. The Deputy Governor, who said that the internally generated revenue in the state was also not enough, added that the monthly allocation the state is receiving from the federal government is decreasing on daily basis, which made the state government to embark on borrowing of money to embark on some developmental projects. He said that the state Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde decided to borrow some money due to the fact that the monthly allocation and the IGR were not sufficient to embark on some developmental projects in the state. Olaniyan further said that during the last administration, there was Paris club, excess crude oil and some overpayment refund which made the last administration of Senator Abiola Ajimobi to embark on some developmental projects. Olaniyan said, “Allocation coming from Abuja cannot take us to any meaningful developmental level. The IGR is not increasing, the federal monthly allocation is decreasing on daily basis. “When late Ajimobi was in power, there was Paris club, there was excess crude oil money, there were some overpayment which Oyo state government was refunded. But, there is nothing like those money now. They are not even enough talk more of excess. At that time, if was overflowing but, now it is not enough. “That is the reason government has to borrow money to embark on some developmental projects. “The man sitting on the table is the driver, he sees things that we don’t see. If you say that we don’t have to borrow, tell us the alternative. He is the one driving us, and he will drive us to the promised land. “The people of Oyo state have elected us, they should give us the chance, we will not betray them. They should give us the support to deliver”. Olaniyan urged the people of the state to continue to leave in peace. “We should continue to leave in peace. Oyo State belongs to all of us. As journalists, if you see something that is good, tell us, if you see something that is bad, tell us,” he added.