Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. No fewer than 15 persons were said to have been killed by armed bandits in Ukuru village in Mariga Local Government Area of Niger State on Thursday. Eyewitness account stated that victims met their untimely death at a tea joint while taking their breakfast, when the gunmen on motorcycles in their number unleashed the attack. 2. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday night, announced 373 new confirmed COVID-19 cases, bring the total cases in Nigeria to 48,118. The new cases were reported from 20 states: Lagos (69), Osun (41), Kaduna (40), Oyo (40), FCT (35), Plateau (22), Rivers (19), Kano (17), Ondo (17), Ogun (15), Abia (14), Gombe (12), Imo (9), Enugu (7), Kwara (6), Delta (5), Niger (2), Borno(1), Bauchi (1) and Nasarawa (1). 3. The Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has revealed that up till now, the President Muhammadu Buhari government has not refunded the State the money it approved some months ago. Addressing party stakeholders in Port Harcourt, the State capital on Thursday, Wike said not even one Naira has been refunded to the State since then. 4. No fewer than two people were allegedly killed on Thursday, when some officers of Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) Oyo/Osun Command clashed with some residents of Saki in Oyo State. Report said the clash started when Customs officers allegedly chased a Saki indigene alleged to be a smuggler into the town. 5. The Chairman of the South East Governors Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi, on Thursday rejected the idea of joint security network in Nigeria. Umahi, who made this known during the official inauguration of Ebonyi State chapter of community policing outfit, which took place at the Ecumenical Centre, Abakaliki, said there was no need for such outfit in the country at the moment. 6. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has disclosed that the low number of the COVID-19 cases in the country is due to the lesser amount of samples collected across the states. Chikwe Ihekweazu, NCDC Director-General, who stated this during the Presidential Task Force briefing on COVID-19 in Abuja on Thursday, stated that the testing labs were underutilized because the states were not collecting enough samples for the laboratory to test. 7. Godwin Obaseki, governor of Edo state, on Thursday said his convoy was attacked at ward 10, Apana, Etsako west local government area of the state. In a statement which Crusoe Osagie, his spokesman, issued on his behalf, Obaseki said the suspected thugs behind the attack were dislodged by a combined team of security personnel and vigilante groups. 8. The Federal Government has dumped the use of the plastic cards printed by the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) in preference for digital identification of Nigerians in line with global practices. It explains that with this development, the registration number issued by NIMC to a registrant, and not the plastic card, will be the recognisable means of identifying any Nigerian captured in the data base. 9. Twenty-four hours after the Governing Council of University of Lagos (UNILAG) announced the removal of Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice Chancellor, the Senate of the institution and the four staff unions, yesterday, rejected the decision, describing it as illegal. The Senate and the four staff unions passed a vote of confidence on Prof. Ogundipe and insisted he remains the vice chancellor as they also distanced themselves from the appointed acting VC, Prof Theophilus Soyombo. 10. The Supreme Council for Shari’ah in Nigeria (SCSN) has called for the revisit of the death sentence passed on prominent sons of Zango-Kataf following the 1992 bloody crisis saying the law must be allowed to take its full course. The 1992 incident which claimed the lives of hundreds of persons occurred during President Ibrahim Babangida regime, which set up a tribunal, headed by the late Justice Pius Okadigbo to try Maj-Gen. Zamani Lekwot (retd), late Major James Atomic Kude (retd) and other Kataf indigenes alleged to have been complicit in the crisis.