Femi Fani-Kayode, a former Aviation Minister, has come under attack for calling out Nigerian youths who ‘prioritize the Big Brother Naija reality show and not politics. The PDP chieftain in a tweet on Monday accused Nigerian youths of paying attention to entertainment while their age mates reclaim their country in Mali. He pointed out that a 25-year Malian led the coup which ousted Mali President, Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta while 30-year-old Nigerians were campaigning for Big Brother Naija housemates. Fani-Kayode said, ”25-year-old man in Mali led the coup that reclaimed their nation. 30 years old in Nigeria watching BBNaija, shouting Laycon my man.” But reacting, some Nigerians on social media queried why the politician’s children who are youths were yet to lead a coup in the country. Others accused Fani-Kayode of being part of the politicians who took away the hope and aspiration of the youths in Nigeria. Here are some comments DAILY POST curated. @VibesInMaHead, ”You politicians took away the very systems you enjoyed when you were youths, you make it harder for Nigerian youths to succeed. Every day, this country is going to the dust because of people like you but you have the audacity to come here and talk about what youths are doing,” @EngrOluwatoyin, ”The 25-year-old men who led coup during the military regime are the cause of the mess we are till today.” @kennyoamusan, ”What an insult, let your children lead the coup, and we would follow likewise. Their children are out there and wants others to die? What did you achieve as a minister ? You worked with GEJ and serveed on many boards, what did you achieve? @BennyKofoworola,”Small peaceful protest, police van everywhere shooting. If you die, you die. If police catch you, you will end up in cell. Tell me sir, which is better between staying in your house and watching big brother or endanger your life?” @tracy_ossai, ”How many coup did you lead in your time Sir? Please enlighten us, so we may walk in your footsteps.” @powerplaybok, ”But you have children; maybe some of them aren’t up to 30 years old? Let them start. You lead the way. We, the underprivileged will follow you. At least you know that #bbnajia2020 #laycon exist now. I am also sure if you thought about it this way, you wouldn’t have posted this pity,” @Emalope2. ”You are damn right sir, “Truly pitiful”. But isn’t that what you all politicians want of Nigerian youths? You took away their hope, their aspiration, their future. You mortgaged their lives with your selfish interests. But if u guys want coup, you will surely get it very soon.” @MagdaEyoma, ”Sir, please be explicit. Are you asking people to plot a coup? Secondly, what did you do to salvage the nation when you were in your 30s? I await a robust response to points raised by people in the comment section.” @EmmyBlackky, @Until we move out from this campaign of calumny against BBNaija, we’ll never realize that the program has nothing to do with our underdevelopment. BBNaija will come and go, then, we’ll see if these 30 years old will be less busy to go and plot coup against their leaders.” @HeroOmodehin, ”Baba don’t force us to dwell on your past history. You have children between the ages of 25-30; how many protests have they led? In your time, when you were 25 or 30, what struggles did you lead for the betterment of Nigeria?” @OTUNBA_TIZ, ”Assimi Goita is 37 years old. Secondly, he is a Malian military officer. He received training from the United States, France & Germany. And finally, I don’t think it’s right to motivate a poor 30-year-old civilian to start a coup. Nigeria don’t need a coup.”