The Bauchi State government has scheduled reopening of schools for SS3 students writing this year’s West African Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for Thursday, 6th August. This was part of the communiqué issued at the end of education stakeholders meeting for reopening of schools for SS3 students which held in Bauchi and made available to DAILY POST on Monday. According to the communiqué, the stakeholders meeting agreed that all students must come to school with at least one washable face mask, while schools must make provision for at least one gate to be monitored preferably by teachers who will be stationed permanently at the gate to monitor those coming into the school. The meeting further agreed that all schools must make sure that all students respect social distancing rules and regulations in the classrooms, hostel and dining halls. The meeting directed that there must be a functional clinic in the school, where there is none, a classroom should be converted to a clinic, adding that there should also be a holding area for isolating suspected cases. “Schools should liaise with the nearest health centre to evaluate the activities of the school clinic, sign attendance and report on daily bases. ‘The state government will provide infrared thermometers to public schools while private schools are expected to provide at least one for themselves. “Each school is expected to provide enough Covid-19 buckets, soap and water for regular washing of hands.
Each school is advised to liaise with agricultural offices of their LGA for knapsacks while MOE will provide four liters of Chlorine to each school in case of the need for fumigation arises. “Any school that has a faulty water source should communicate to the Ministry of Education immediately,” the communiqué reads in part. The stakeholders agreed that private schools may charge up to N500 only for the provision of basic COVID-19 requirements from each student. They urged any public school that cannot meet up with the above requirements to communicate to the Ministry of Education for assistance immediately, adding that only students of public schools that will write WAEC are expected to resume. The meeting directed that all public schools’ students must complete the payment of the approved annual school fees of N700 before they are allowed to sit for the examinations. It added that students writing NECO, NABTECH and NBAIS examinations are to await further instructions.