A suspected fake Beninoise native doctor, who was arrested by the Ogun State Police Command has claimed that he duped his victims to build a house. The 37-year-old Benin Republic national, who was identified as Gbese Peter, said he collected N3.5million only, which he used to build a house for himself, contrary to the claim that he collected N5m. Police said Peter was arrested for “defrauding a couple, Mr. and Mrs. Bamigboye Alao of the sum of N5million under the pretence of helping them to overcome their spiritual problems and shielding their children from untimely death.” A statement by Ogun police spokesperson, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, Oyeyemi, on Monday, revealed that the suspect was arrested following a complaint lodged at Sabo police station by Mrs. Bamigboye. Mrs. Bamigboye was said to have reported that she and her husband met the suspect about five years ago when he started discussing with them about a serious spiritual calamity awaiting them and their children if an urgent spiritual step was not taken. “Out of fear of the unknown, the couple had agreed to embark on the said spiritual journey and he took them to the Republic of Benin where he gave them a wooden coffin, instructing them not to open it until he asked them to do so. “She stated further that the suspect started collecting money from them, until they coughed out the total sum of N5million,” Oyeyemi narrated. When they realized that they had been swindled, Mrs. Bamigboye reportedly said the shock led to her husband’s death. “Upon the report, the DPO Sabo division, SP Nicholas Tamunoinom, detailed his detectives to go after the suspect and with the help of members of the public, they succeeded in arresting him on the 25th of July 2020. “On interrogation, the suspect confessed collecting money under false pretence from the couple, but he claimed that he only duped them of N3.5million and not N5milion as claimed by the woman, and that he has used the money to build a house for himself,” the PPRO said. A wooden coffin containing white cloth and other substance, horn wrapped with white cloth and beads were recovered from the suspect. The State Commissioner of Police, CP Edward A. Ajogun has directed that the suspect be immediately transferred to the State CIID for proper investigation and diligent prosecution.