Speaker of the Oyo State House of Assembly, Hon. Adebo Ogundoyin has declared that the success of the Oyo State Security Network also known as Operation Amotekun will depend on the type of support given to the new security outfit by the state police command. Ogundoyin who spoke in Ibadan, the state capital while receiving the Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr. Joe Enwonwu in his office said that the success of Amotekun Corps in enhancing the security of the state is dependent on the full support and guidance given to them by officers and men of the Nigeria Police. While receiving his guest at the Assembly complex on Wednesday, Ogundoyin asked Enwonwu to extend full support to Amotekun Corps when fully operational in the state. He maintained that this will enable the corps to complement the activities of security agents in the task of reducing crimes in every nook and cranny in the state. Ogundoyin told the Police Commissioner that Amotekun Corps was not established to take over the functions of the Nigerian Police. He insisted that the corps was established in order to help the Police to gather information, engage in surveillance as well as help them to arrest suspects. “We understand the constraints of the Nigerian Police. We know they are understaffed and the job before them is overwhelming. “But the Amotekun Corps will be deployed to all zones in the state where they will participate in the job of securing their communities and assisting the Police. They will arrest suspected criminals and hand them over to the Police”. Ogundoyin urged the Police to do more in the area of intelligence gathering and securing of the border communities in Oyo State. Enwonwu while speaking, assured the Speaker that the Police Command is ready to work with Amotekun Corps in line with the directive of the Inspector General of Police, IGP. He explained that the Police has a good working relationship with the various vigilante groups and local hunters, adding that Amotekun Corps will not be an exception.