…By OBIWELUOZO MARTINS As Arsenal takes on Chelsea in the FA Cup final they know that they need to win the title to be able to pick a spot in the Europa League next season. Their quest to make amends with the FA Cup title this season would be highly contested by Frank Lampard’s Chelsea side. The Blues have been impressive with the trio of Olivier Giroud, Mason Mount and Christian Pulisic turning out good performances for Chelsea. It calls for massive response from the Arsenal players as the FA Cup clash looms against Chelsea. With Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang impressing for Arsenal all season, we take a look at three (3) Arsenal players that must be on top of their game as they trade tackles with Chelsea at the weekend at the Wembley Stadium. BUKAYO SAKA (winger) The 18-year-old has been impressive all season for Arsenal and this have prompted the club to offer him a four-year contract (deal). His quality has been helpful to Arsenal’s revival following the restart of the Premier League. His goal against Wolverhampton Wanderers was breathtaking as he marked his Premier League debut goal in style. With the trio of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Alexandre Lacazette and Nicolas Pepe likely to get the nod to start upfront, Saka could feature as left wing back. DAVID LUIZ (central defender) The ball-playing defender is expected to prove he deserved the one year deal he was offered by the club in recent weeks. He’s got the experience and should lead by example in the course of this game. He knows the Chelsea side pretty well and has also earned the praise of his former Chelsea teammate and Chelsea boss Frank Lampard. His technicality and calmness would be key in this fixture as he features at the heart of Arsenal’s defence. He’s good at free-kick and this could present his side with the advantage in case if the chance arises in the course of the clash with Chelsea. HECTOR BELLERIN (right full-back) The Spanish full-back has got the interesting qualities going forward for Arsenal in transition. His overlapping runs into the opposing area offers his side some positives as they square up against their fellow London counterpart Chelsea. However, his ability to perform his attacking foray in the Chelsea area along with his primary role in defence would prove decisive as the Blues could explore his role during counter attack. He must find the balance on the pitch as his mental alertness could be key in helping his side salvage the season with a possible victory over Chelsea in the FA Cup finals.