Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemates, Praise and Lucy have stirred reactions from Nigerians following their recent closeness. Both housemates on Tuesday night slept on the same bed, which is unusual for Lucy who said no male housemate is her spec. On Wednesday, Lucy was also seen sitting on Praise’s laps, making moves and laying on his chest. These developments have stirred reactions from BBNaija fans on Twitter who suspect there could be more to their actions. Recall, Praise and Ka3na were caught having sex before the female housemate was evicted. However, Ka3na denied having sex, saying she only had ‘aggressive cuddling’ with Praise under the duvet. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @Saidu_Mona “Lucy and Praise even slept on the same bed. We have a ship guys. These guys are going nowhere; I’ll like to see how this goes.” @Afuape_jr “Now Lucy is trying to spice things up with praise so that you can see something interesting to watch and talk about. @Sweet_stuff “Lucy and Praise hmm! What is going on? Yesterday Praise had to accompany Lucy to take a bath. Now look at what we are seeing? Let me go and call Ka3na to come and welcome her best friend turned co-wife.” @Iamodino “I thought Lucy once said her spec no dey #BBNaija house? Didn’t foresee Lucy and Praise sha, but body no be firewood sha. E be things.” @Krichgold “Praise don chop Ka3na clean mouth, now na Lucy turn, Man wan chop two friends.” @AsyDarlyn “Lucy and Praise are sleeping on the same bed. Wow.” @Wilson_aichu “Hope the name of this ship which Lucy and Praise are about to sail on isn’t Titanic? @Hadizatweet “Today, let’s talk about Lucy and Praise cuddling on the same bed. What led to this? Konji is holding these people. We all know praise doesn’t waste time in shooting. We should expect another aggressive cuddling soon. But why does praise like ladies who are older.” @Poxyposh”Let’s pick a ship name for Lucy and praise, there could be a ship sailing between them. For me: pusy, pracy, luise, praisy.I hope there won’t be another aggressive cuddling again.” @Leereports “I hope Lucy and Praise engage in “Aggressive cuddling” in the coming days please. You’ll see how Lucy will become a very calm somebody and be smiling more.” @Mona “Lucy and Praise oh, what’s this? Anyway, Body no be firewood. See how calm and lovely Lucy looks babygirl has probably been having body touching withdrawal syndrome all these days hence the unnecessary vexing and drama.” VIDEO: Madam #Lucy and #Praise, will this thing work ? #bbnaijialockdown #BBNaija pic.twitter.com/LIdr6sXcGT — Nwachukwu John Owen (@johnowen99) August 19, 2020