The Minister of Industries, Trade and Investment, Mr Otumba Adeniyi, has said that the Government of President Muhammadu Buhari has commenced in earnest the process of reviving collapsed industries in the country. The move according to the Minister was aimed at additionally creating more employment and providing the nation with Internally Generated Revenue. The Minister disclosed this when he led a Federal Government delegation on a courtesy visit to the Emir of Kano, Aminu Ado-Bayero on Tuesday. Adeniyi, represented by the ministry’s Director Planning, Alhaji Tijjani Babura, said the aim of their visit to Kano was to inspect and assess the affected Industries to see where and how they can be revived. According to him, not only the collapsed industries but also how those managing the operation despite economic challenges would be supported. “We are in Kano to inspect and access those industries that collapsed for many years, and also those working but need support to boost their production. “After the inspection, we are going to report whatever we have seen to our leaders so that we can see how and where to intervene.” He said. He explained that the administration of President Mohammad Buhari was working assiduously in fine-tuning modalities of addressing the challenges of lack of industries in the country. The minister maintained that industrial revival is a great pillar of creating job opportunities for the teaming youths in the country, hence all possible measures would be put in place to achieve the set objectives. Responding, the Emir said the visit was very timely especially with regards to the status of Kano as the commercial hub of West Africa sub-Sahara. He charged the delegation to fast track their work to ensure the speedy revival of the industries in Kano and the nation in general. Speaking to newsmen, the President of Kano Chamber of Commerce, Mines and Industry (KACIMMA), Alhaji Dalhatu Abubakar applauded the federal government for its effort towards boosting the nation’s economy as well as paving way for attracting foreign investors.