Governor Umar Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano said the state has spent well over N3 billion on the improvement of education in the state. This follows the allocation of N20 million each to the 44 Local Governments of Kano State, to renovate Primary Schools in their domains within three weeks. Governor Ganduje who spoke while distributing the N20 million Cheques to the Local Government Chairmen on Sunday said his government gives more priority to education. Speaking, Commissioner Local government, Murtala Sule Garo, said the government is highly committed to making education it’s center of policymaking. Malam Sanusi Kiru, the Kano State Commissioner of Education says arrangements have been concluded to establish 130 additional girls schools in the State. The Commissioner said the schools will be established across 24 Local Government Areas of the state. According to him, 75 Junior Secondary Schools and 55 Senior Secondary Schools will be established aimed at boosting the girl child education in Kano. “I wish to inform you that the state government has concluded arrangements to establish 75 Junior and 55 Senior Secondary Schools for girls in 24 local government areas of the state. “In addition to that, in collaboration with the World Bank, we are ready to also renovate other girls schools in the state to improve the girl child education. “The state government has also set aside N880 million to renovate one Secondary School across each of the 44 Local Government Areas of the state. According to him, each of the 44 local government areas will receive a check of N20 million for the renovation of the schools. He further said that a committee, comprising elders, community leaders and other stakeholders has been set up for the renovation. Recall that recently, the state government earmarked N489.25 million to sponsor 29, 126 candidates for the Senior Secondary Certificate Examinations (SSCE). 104,000 students who sat for the qualifying examination in the State scored five credits and above, including Mathematics and English. Following this development, Kiru said the state government has mobilised the 44 Local Government Council Chairmen in the State to sponsor 200 students out of those who failed to obtain the required credits. According to him, with this, additional 8,800 students will be writing the forthcoming National Examination Council (NECO) and the National Board for Arabic and Islamic Studies (NBAIS). He added that presently, the 44 Council Chairmen have commenced the compilation of names of the 200 students from each Local Government Area.