Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) has paraded an alleged child trafficker and some suspected cultists in Calabar Cross River State. Parading the suspects, the State Commandant, Danjuma D. Elisha said that the Command has made several arrests bothering on alleged child trafficking and secret cultism. Consequently, on the case of Child Trafficking, the Commandant said, “Upon tip-off by a good Nigerian on 18th August, our men arrested one Ms. Patience Effiong Udo who went to Bogobri in Calabar South local government area allegedly looking for a buyer for one of her daughters Mary Phillips (9 years old). “Upon investigation, she confessed to the crime and alleged that the Prophetess in her Church told her that Mary Philips was a witch and that she should not stay in her Church. “It was also revealed that she has another child by name Blessing (3 years) old who is currently in the Church with the said Prophetess Anna” The Commandant further pointed out that in line with inter-agency synergy, the Command will hand over Ms. Patience Effiong Udo to the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons and Other Related Matters (NAPTIP). On the suspected cultists, Elisha said “Our attention was called upon in the early hours of Tuesday, 18th August 2020 at about 0300hrs of a suspected secret cult confrontation at No. 50 Mission Road, Igoli, Ogoja. Upon arriving at the scene, our men found a human skull, and other bones believed to be human bones. “The team on the ground decided to swiftly pick the items and the persons found within the vicinity for scrutiny. 10 persons were picked up and after interrogations, five (5) persons have been identified to have questions to answer in relation to the found items. The five persons were Ejesi Michael Akwa (25 YRS), Ugbem Elias Oloko (24 YRS), Imojara Francis Ogbeche (22 YRS), Thomas Ajaba JNR. (25YRS) and Gabriel Ogbeche Odama (28 YRS). These five suspects will be handed over to the Nigerian Police for further investigation and prosecution. “We call on well-meaning Cross Riverians to continue to support our efforts with intelligence, as we continue to keep Cross River safe” the Commandant stated.