The Oyo State Police Command on Sunday, narrated how the prime suspect in the series of killings that took place in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state, Sunday Shodipe, was rearrested. DAILY POST had earlier reported that Shodipe was rearrested by the police on Sunday. Our correspondent gathered that Shodipe had earlier, been arrested and paraded in July this year. He, however, escaped from police custody on Tuesday, 11th August 2020 after he has been charged to court. The Oyo state police command last week announced a reward of five hundred thousand naira as reward for anyone with useful information that will lead to his re-arrest. But, Public Relations Officer (PPO), of the state police command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, in a statement made available to DAILY POST Sunday night, said that the arrest of Shodipe was made possible through human intelligence and collaborative efforts of members of the public. He added that Shodipe was rearrested at about 1030hrs at Bodija Area of Ibadan. He informed that the suspect is presently in Police custody. “The Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Police Command, CP. Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, psc wishes to inform the general public that the prime suspect in the serial killings at Akinyele Local Government Area, Moniya Ibadan, Oyo State, Sunday Shodipe ‘m’ a 19yrs old who escaped from lawful custody on 11th August, 2020 has been re-arrested today 23rd August, 2020 at about 1030hrs at Bodija Area of Ibadan and presently in Police custody. “The arrest of Sunday Shodipe was made possible through human intelligence and collaborative efforts of members of the public. It can be recalled that the Commissioner of Police implored the general public to be on his lookout, arrest and immediately inform the officers and men of the Command when sighted for immediate handing over for further action. “Sequel to this, Police Tactical teams including Special Anti-robbery Squad (SARS), personnel from State Criminal Investigation Department, Iyaganku Ibadan, (CID), Swift Response Squad (SRS), State Intelligence Bureau (SIB), Anti-kidnapping Squad (AKS), Skynet Squad, Puff Adder, e.t.c. were all deployed for his manhunt. “Through concerted efforts from these teams and credible information from the good spirited members of the public, this eventually yielded result and the culprit who has been hiding and evading Police arrest was arrested at Bodija Area of Ibadan. “The Commissioner of Police further use this medium to thank the Inspector General of Police, IGP Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, NPM, mni, the Government and people of Oyo State, the Traditional leaders, leaders of thought, political leaders, and the general public for their patience and understanding. “He reiterated the Command’s resolve to continue to rejig our security architecture for maximum protection of lives and properties of the good people of Oyo State while he sternly warns criminal elements who wants to hibernate in Oyo State to relocate as the Police in Oyo Police Command is battle ready to crush any individual or groups who is bent on disturbing the relative peace and tranquility being enjoyed by the good people of Oyo State. “Finally, he urged all the citizens of Oyo State to go about their lawful businesses without any fear, threat or intimidation from any group or individuals whatsoever, while the Oyo Police Command will not relent in the performance of its professional constitutional responsibilities of the protection of lives and properties of the good people of Oyo State.”