Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Bayelsa State Gubernatorial Petition Tribunal has sacked Governor Duoye Diri. It ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to conduct a fresh election within 90 days following a petition by the Advanced Nigeria Democratic Party (ANDP). 2. The federal government has said it is weighing its options, over the closure of shops belonging to Nigerian traders in Ghana. The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, who revealed this when he met with the League of Progressive Ambassadors of Nigeria officials, led by its president, Jasper Emenike, on Monday, said the FG will take up the matter with Ghanaian authorities and may also explore the option of approaching the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) court. 3. Popular social media celebrity, Ismaila Mustapha, aka Mompha, has been rearrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the Guardian reports. He was rearrested last Friday, when he went to the EFCC office in Ikoyi, Lagos. 4. The Edo State Media Campaign Council of the All Progressives Congress for the governorship election has accused Governor Godwin Obaseki of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP of arming thugs and other non-state actors with newly-purchased guns and weapons to attack innocent people. The APC claims that the governor spent state resources on the procurement of hundreds of high-grade weapons distributed to thugs sourced from neighboring states to join his convoy and inflict violence on dissenters during his campaign trail across the State. 5. There is currently tension in Jangeme village in Gusau, capital of Zamfara State as unknown bandits have threatened to attack the village if the villagers failed to give them the sum of N7m. The bandits said the ransom became necessary after seven of the villagers kidnapped by the bandits last week escaped when negotiation on how to pay the ransom was ongoing. 6. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested a serving military personnel, Lance Corporal Ajayi Kayode and 26 others. They were nabbed for alleged internet fraud in the Lekki axis of Lagos State. 7. The Federal Capital Territory Administration has confirmed that it has so far recorded forty-eight, 48, COVID-19 related deaths. FCTA in a tweet on Sunday said the total number of confirmed cases in the nation’s capital now stands at 4,714. 8. Former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, has denied he is plotting to return to the position. Oshiomhole, who stated this on Monday while addressing State House Correspondents after meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Aso Rock Villa, Abuja, insisted he would not “resit” a class he had passed and said only “an empty brain” would suggest that he is eyeing a comeback. 9. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has reacted to the nullification of the Bayelsa State governorship election, stating that it may respond to some of the issues raised by the Election Tribunal. INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Mr. Festus Okoye, on Monday, said it may respond to some of the issues raised by the Bayelsa State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal when it is availed of the full judgment of the case. 10. Barcelona have sacked their manager, Quique Setién, after their exit from the Champions League following their 8-2 defeat to Bayern Munich last Friday. The Catalan club also provided an update on Setien’s replacement.