The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has swiped all the chairmanship and councillorship positions in the local government election conducted across the thirteen local government areas of the state. Recall that, no fewer than 13 different political parties participated in the election which took place in the 13 LGAs and 171 political wards. The chairman of the Ebonyi State Independent Electoral Commission, EBSIEC, Barr. Jossy Eze, while declaring the winners in the election, affirmed the victory of PDP candidates in all LGAs. According to him: “the outcome of the local government election conducted yesterday, Saturday 29th August 2020. Recall that this election was earlier scheduled to hold last 6th August but of COVID-19, it was shifted. “I want to thank the Ebonyi State government for its non-interference in the election conducted yesterday in the 13 LGAs of the state. “In any election, there must be losers and winners. I urge the winners to be magnanimous in victory. “On this note, I wish to reiterate that the election which took across 13 LGA, has the following persons as the winners: “Mr. Emmanuel Nwoba -PDP Abakaliki LGA, Barr Ogbageri Okoh Anyim – PDP Afikpo North LGA, Chief Onyebuchi Ogbadu -PDP Ivo LGA, Hon. James Paul Nwogha IZZI LGA, “Hon. Nkechinyere Iyioku -PDP Ohaozara LGA, Hon. Clement Odah -PDP Ohaukwu LGA, Hon. Igboke Felix Igbonna -PDP Onitcha LGA, Hon. Chinyere Nwaogbaga -PDP Ebonyi LGA, Barr. Eni Uduma Chima -PDP Afikpo South LGA, Others include; Hon. Sunday Henry Eze -PDP Ishielu LGA, Mr. Kenneth Eze -PDP Ezza South LGA and Elder Steven Orogwu -PDP Ikwo LGA. The chairman also declared 171 councillors who are of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP winners of the election. However, the governor of Ebonyi State Chief David Umahi has slated Tuesday, 1st September 2020, for the swearing-in of the said elected chairmen. Umahi, in a statement, signed and issued to journalists by the commissioner for information and state orientation, Barr. Uchenna Orji said: “Following the successful conduct of the 2020 Local Government Elections and returning of the winners for Chairmanship and Councillorship positions by Ebonyi State Independent Electoral Commission(EBSIEC), the elected Chairmen of the 13 Local Government Areas and indeed members of the public that the Governor of Ebonyi State His Excellency Engr Chief David Nweze Umahi FNSE FNATE( Akubaraoha) shall perform the Swearing-in Ceremony of the Elected Council Chairmen on Tuesday 1st September 2020” he stated.