The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Kaduna State chapter, has challenged Christian leaders in the country to raise their voices against the killings of Christians in the southern part of the state. The state CAN chairman, Rev. Joseph John Hayab, made the call at the second Sunday Christians interdenominational prayers and indoor protest over Southern Kaduna killings. He enjoined Christian leaders all over the country to speak up and not keep quiet against the continued attacks and unwarranted killings in Kaduna South. Rev. Hayab urged Christians to continue in their prayers for God to expose whoever is behind the killings in Kaduna State and Southern Kaduna in particular. The prayers, which took place at the Evangelical Winning All Church, ECWA, Narayi High Cost had Christians in their thousands, all adorned in black attires, engaged in fervent protest prayers for Nigeria and Southern Kaduna, with placards with different inscriptions. Different Pastors took turn to lead the congregation in sessions of prayers against the killings and asked God to intervene and restore peace in all the troubled areas and fight the battles of the helpless. In his sermon amidst the prayer session, the President of the United Church of Christ in Nigeria, HEKAN, Rev. Amos G. Kiri, who took his reading from Psalms 46 vs 1- 11, charged the congregation not to be weary with the happenings but to raise their voices to God in prayers. He said that any government that is not worried about the well-being of her citizens does not deserve to be called a government, while challenging Christians in government to speak up against all forms of injustice against the Church in Nigeria and always stand for the truth by showing the light in all that they do. He explained, “Insensitive government and leaders must wake up from their slumber, government must listen to our cry, the killings in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the country must stop, enough is enough and what is good for the goose should be good for the gander.” Also speaking, the President, Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, SOKAPU, Hon. Jonathan Asake, thanked the Church for standing with the people of Southern Kaduna and others in prayers. He explained that the killings must not be given political coloration but condemned as a crime against humanity. Former military Governor and Southern Kaduna elder, General Lekwart (rtd) also joined in the prayers.