The Executive Chairman, Yobe State Universal Basic Education Board, (SUBEB), Prof. Musa Alabe has said the problems of basic education in the state is overpopulation and low enrolment. Prof. Alabe disclosed this during the flag-off of reconstruction and rehabilitation of 40 classrooms in Fika local government area by UNICEF. “The main problems that we have as far as Yobe is concerned are divided into two: In one area, that is in the southern side of Yobe, we have overcrowding of pupils especially in Potiskum town. “So many schools are overcrowded with 300 to 350 pupils per class most especially in Ari-Kime primary school which has about 18,000 pupils in the entire school and the entire nation, it was rated as the most populated school”, he revealed. He, however, said the development in the southern Yobe is contrary to what is obtainable in the northern part of the state as classes are almost empty due to low enrollment levels. “On the other side, that is in northern Yobe, we have mere empty classes. “So on one side you have mere empty classes and on the other side you have overcrowding”, he explained. To address these emerging challenges, the Executive Chairman proposed two strategies, to take advocacy campaigns in the northern part and provide massive infrastructure to decongest pupils in the southern part of the state. “So you have to have two strategies to address these situations. “We have advocacy on one side and decongestion of pupils on the other side”, he said. As the state is battling with dilapidated infrastructure in schools, Prof. Alabe expressed delight over UNICEF’s intervention, noting that it wouldn’t have come at a better time than now. “Today, we are witnessing the renovations and reconstructions of 40 classrooms in Fika and also 40 in Bade local government areas taking place concurrently. “We are delighted that one of these strategies has started working, hence the vision of Governor Mai Mala Buni’s government in education is seeing the light of the day”, he stated. According to Prof. Alabe, Yobe SUBEB has outlined four strategies meant to take basic education to the next level. “We have outlined our strategies for growth and success as far as SUBEB is concerned. Part of it is to have a very good plan. We already have our strategic plan of which to be launched in the next two weeks at the state level. “Secondly, we are learning from our past mistakes. We have made a lot of mistakes and Insha Allahu, one of the strategies is to learn from those mistakes and avoid repeating them. “The third strategy is continuous hard work as there is no shortcut to success except you work hard. So we have pledged to work harder as there is no strategy more than that.