The Chairman, State Working Committee (SWC) of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Ekiti State, Hon Bisi Kolawoles says the party is now poised to reclaim the state from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2022 governorship poll. He made the assertion yesterday after the newly elected State Working Committee members assumed office. Bisi Kolawole promised to reach out to Senator Biodun Olujimi and other aggrieved factional leaders to unify the party and reinforce its chances in the coming election. Addressing hundreds of party supported who ushered the new executive into office at the party’s Secretariat at Ajilosun in Ado Ekiti, Kolawole vowed that the PDP would end what he called “a reign of terror” allegedly being perpetuated in Ekiti by the APC Kolawole said the people were already disillusioned with alleged empty promises being made by the APC- led government in the state and are ready to embrace change. The former Commissioner, said the party was lucky to have assembled a team of experienced politicians and technocrats as members of the SWC, saying they will not betray the trust reposed in them by party admirers. “We know the people of Ekiti are tired of the APC government, we shall deliver our people from them in 2022 by the grace of God. Enough is enough( O to ge) for APC. We shall possess our possession and our possession is PDP producing the next governor of Ekiti. “We appreciate your confidence in us and we shall right all wrongs. Our party shall reclaim Ekiti and occupy Oke Ayoba. We pray that Fayemi will end his tenure hail and hearty, but 2022 will be the end of APC reign in Ekiti. “Help us thank our leader, former Governor Ayodele Fayose for his support, we pray that he takes us to the promised land. We pray for a long life for Fayose. Kolawole said the Ekiti PDP remains solid and indivisible contrary to insinuation that the party is factionalised as a result of the crisis that had trailed the conduct of the ward, local government and state congresses. “Disagreement is not alien to any political setting and at the appropriate time, we will come together and continue to be one”. Kolawole said his antecedents as an experienced politician with a vast understanding of the dynamics of Ekiti politics will help him in making the appropriate rapprochement to the aggrieved members.