Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Prince Ocholi Idakwo, son of the Attah of Igala, Idakwo Michael Ameh Oboni, has confirmed the death of his father. Idakwo confirmed the death of his father while addressing the press at the Attah of Igala’s palace on Saturday. According to him, Attah joined his ancestors on 27th of August 2020. 2. The federal government has commenced the process of restructuring the Ministry of Power. A spokesperson for the ministry, Egwim Perpetua, made this known in a statement. It quoted the Minister of Power, Sale Mamman, as explaining that the overhaul was to achieve the set goals and objectives of the ministry. Mamman further inaugurated a 9-man committee for the purpose. 3. The Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has announced date for the resumption of tertiary institutions in the state. Sanwo-Olu disclosed that primary and secondary schools are scheduled to re-open from September 21. Speaking during his regular briefing on the state’s COVID-19 status, on Saturday, the governor said tertiary institutions would reopen from September 14, 2020. 4. Former Anambra Governor, Peter Obi, has condemned the recent killings in Emene, Enugu State following a clash between the Department of States Services (DSS) and the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) a week ago. Obi, on Saturday, stated his position on Twitter. He demanded a thorough investigation into the incident that claimed many lives. 5. The military junta in Mali has agreed with the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) on the proposed transition programme. ECOWAS had on Friday given the military 12 months to return the country to civilian rule. The military has now settled for the formation of a civilian transitional government in the next twelve months as proposed. This was contained in a declaration made available to reporters after a video conference meeting among the Heads of State, the ECOWAS Mediator, former Nigerian President, Goodluck Jonathan, and the CNSP leadership. 6. The Hon. Ladi Adebutu’s faction of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State may have lost some of its prominent members to the All Progressives Congress (APC). A close ally of Adebutu, who happened to be his Personal Assistant, Hon. Azeez Bello, defected from the PDP on Friday. Bello, and one Mrs. Josephine Makanjuola led a number of decampees to Governor Dapo Abiodun faction of the APC. 7. It was a black Saturday for residents of Ikare-Akoko, headquarters of Akoko North East Local Government Area of Ondo State following the death of six persons in a road crash. The accident occurred at Okorun area of the ancient town when two trucks simultaneously suffered brake failure while descending a slope. Following the brake failure, the trucks rammed into shops situated by the roadsides, killing six persons at the spot. 8. Three people have drowned following a boat accident in Adamawa State. The three, two men and a woman, met their death along a river in Lamurde, a local government area on Adamawa’s border with Gombe State. Names of the deceased were given simply as Isaac G, James S, and Melody M. They, along with other passengers, were said to be on their way for a funeral ceremony when the boat conveying them capsized. 9. Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC) has announced partnership with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). RMAFC explained that the collaboration would ensure recovery of unremitted revenue to the federation account. The Chairman, Elias Mbam, spoke on Friday when he visited the acting Chairman of the EFCC, Mohammed Umar. The partnership would be on monitoring of agencies and blocking of leakages. 10. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, has called on the Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, to banish the 12 monarchs that went to Abuja without government’s authorization. He said the oil magnate, Prince Arthur Eze that led them to the trip should also be punished accordingly, for sabotage. Ngige said this in a telephone interview with journalists on Saturday.