An ex-aide to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, Donald Wokoma, allegedly failed to execute some contracts awarded to his firms in 2018, after receiving N250million. This was when he served as Special Assistant to the VP on National Economic Council (NEC). PRNigeria’s Economic Confidential reports that Wokoma was a signatory to the bank accounts of the companies. An investigator at the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) spoke while testifying before the Justice Ayo Salami-led Presidential Investigative Committee on Thursday. The panel is investigating EFCC activities under the suspended Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu. The police officer is facing a 5-year review – 2015 to 2020. The operative, whose name is withheld for security reason, said several contracts were awarded without execution and payments were made to companies under the Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP). The officer recalled that the case was assigned to Special Investigation Team in the Office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA) after an intelligence on PAP fraudulent activities. Upon investigation, it was discovered that Damijay Integrated Services was awarded a contract worth about N98million. A similar contract was awarded to another company named Eagle Technology Ltd, at the same amount of N98million. After the payment, Eagle Tech transferred it to Damijay. A total of N250million was transferred from Damijay to Elixir Investments Partners as Investment. Wokoma was the sole signatory to the account of Damijay. Also, he, his wife and son were shareholders of the company. The EFCC investigator told the panel that Wokoma was detained but released on Magu’s instructions. He disclosed that Wokoma’s Regular and Diplomatic Passports were retained but later released to him also on Magu’s directives. The official said: “The N250million invested by Wokoma and traced to Elixir Invest was then placed on hold. Wokoma subsequently, instituted a civil suit for the hold placed on his fund to be lifted and the court-ordered sometime in November 2018 that in the absence of a court order, the hold should be lifted. However, in same November 2018, the ommission was granted a freezing order by the court on the funds which nullified the initial order.” The operative added that the investigation of the case was concluded and four separate charges were proffered against Brig. Gen. Boroh (rtd) and Hanafi Moriki; Sgt. Joshua Ebemeiyefa; Donald Wokoma & Damijay; alongside Paul Ofana Santus and his firms. The detective said the four charges were then taken to the chairman. But after perusal, Magu allegedly directed that the name of Wokoma be removed from the charge. The suspected chairman said only his company be charged. Shortly after, some officers investigating the case were transferred for being “stumbling blocks” to the soft landing intended to be given to Wokoma. Magu then allegedly directed that no one should look for the accused or any of his family members since it was only Damijay that was charged.