The Operation Sahel Sanity, a component of the military has neutralized three notorious bandits, recovering ammunitions and rescuing over seven kidnapped victims in Sokoto, Katsina and Zamfara States. This was disclosed in a statement signed and made available to newsmen in Gusau, Zamfara State capital by the Acting Director, Media Operations of the Army, Brigadier Bernard Onyeuko, saying that on August 15, 2020, troops deployed at Jengebe acting on credible intelligence arrested three suspected bandit’s collaborators at Jengebe Market. The statement explained that the three notorious bandits killed, the over seven kidnapped victims were rescued during various fire for fire operations in the northwest zone of the country. According to Brigadier-General Onyeuko, some suspects were arrested while attempting to sale three rustled cows to unsuspecting customers in the market” he said. “Troops conducting clearance patrol along Faskari-Sheme road in Katsina state came in contact with suspected bandits. In a bid to escape, the bandits opened fire on sighting approaching troops” he said. “Nevertheless, the resilient troops closed in on them with superior firepower, forcing the bandits to retreat in disarray with possible gunshot wounds and in the process, abandoned their victims including two kidnapped teenage boys namely Aminu Alka and Nasiru. The two rescued teenagers have been handed over to Faskari Local Government Area Authority for onward reunion with their family” ” Similarly, troops conducted aggressive clearance operation at some identified bandit’s enclaves in Dumburum Forest in Zurmi Local Government Area of Zamfara state, during the operation, the troops successfully neutralized three bandits and recovered one AK 47 Rifle, two empty AK 47 Riffle magazines and 127 rounds of 7.62mm Special ammunition.” He noted that the troops deployed to Dandume Local Government Area of Katsina State rescued four kidnapped victims from suspected bandits at Tudun Ali village following actionable intelligence from the area. Onyeuko explained that the feat was recorded as the bandits fled and abandoned the victims on arrival of the troops at the village. According to him, the troops deployed to Bagega area of Anka Local Government Area of Zamfara state while on fighting patrol rescued another three kidnap victims from suspected bandits’ captivity at Gobirawa village. “The rescued victims namely Gaddafi, Sani Bello and Ya’u Abubakar were successfully reunited with their families amid tears of joy and praises for the troops.” The Army spokesman said troops of Operation Sahel Sanity thwarted a criminal attempt by bandits to rustle several cattle from villagers at Yadi village in Batsari Local Government Area of Katsina State. “The troops who received information about bandits’ activities in the area quickly mobilized to the village forcing the bandits to abandon all the rustled cattle and fled. All the recovered animals were handed over to the rightful owners by the troops” Continuing, he said that following credible information, troops arrested a suspected bandit named Dahiru Liman at Ugwan Malama Rama, pointing out that preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect has been hibernating in the village following the destruction of their camps at Bakin Lamba during a clearance operation by troops in the general area. “Relatively, troops conducted cordon and search operation at various suspected bandits hideouts and dens , recovering five locally fabricated Dane Guns at Unguwar Tsamiya village in Faskari Local Government Area of Katsina. The bandits are suspected to have horridly fled the hideout, therefore abandoning the weapons before the troops arrived. ” Additionally, credible intelligence which revealed the movement of bandits along Marehe-Danlayi – Bena axis with possible intent to rustle cattle in a village around Bena, troops swiftly mobilized and laid ambush along the route and arrested one suspected bandit, Bello Abdulrahman with a machete while two others escaped into the bush. The suspect is currently undergoing preliminary investigation while efforts are being intensified to apprehend his fleeing accomplices” Onyeuko stated that on the same day the troops conducted a cordon and search operation in a suspected building used by bandits and recovered one locally-made dane gun and several charms which were abandoned in a hut at the outskirts of Tsamiya village. The Acting Director, further explained that on a tip-off, troops of Combat Team – 4 Operation Sahel Sanity in the vicinity of Munhaye village conducted cordon and search operation at a building located at the edge of the village suspected to be one of those used by bandits as a rest area. He stated that during the search, the troops recovered three live rounds of 7.62mm special arms, some cosmetics, several wrappers, boxes and other household items, saying that the Items were suspected to have been looted and used for sustenance by the bandits” “Also, troops deployed to Faskari conducted fighting patrol at Yar malamai village following a tip-off. On sighting six suspected bandits within the vicinity of the village took to their heels while four of the suspected bandits were apprehended by the troops and they are currently undergoing investigation” Brigadier – General Onyeuko, therefore, appealed to the members of the general public to endeavor to always give the Army and other security agencies useful information that can lead to irradiation of banditry , kidnappings and other criminalities in the north west zone.