The Interim Management Committee of the Association of Local Governments of Nigeria (ALGON), has written a formal letter was written to Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu over alleged criminal conspiracy and impersonation against the association. The IMC, through its Chairman, Mr Abdullahi Maje, also wrote to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) over alleged financial misappropriation by the past administration led by Hon. Kolade David. DAILY POST recalls that the General Assembly of ALGON, which is the highest decision-making organ of the association had last week inaugurated a seven-member of IMC, headed by the Chairman, Suleja Local Government in Niger State, Maje, to pilot the affairs of the association for the next six months. The highest organ had on May 30, 2020 during its extra-ordinary virtual meeting, resolved to set up the interim management committee over the lingering crisis rocking national leadership of the association. It said the approval for the constitution of the committee was necessary due to comatose status and conflicts among members of association for the past eight months. However, the petition dated 3rd August, 2020, a copy of which was obtained by DAILY POST was responded to by the IGP through his Principal Staff Officer, DCP Idowu Owohunwa, assuring the association of thorough investigation into the issue. Maje appealed to the police boss and the anti-graft agency to save the closest government to the grassroots from “destruction being perpetrated by some persons” alleged to be some people who served in the past administration. The petition partly read, “Since coming to office as Chairman of the IMC, we have been inundated with mind-boggling fraudulent activities allegedly perpetrated by the above named person in concert with other persons. “The referenced infractions against ALGON are being called to questions by some public-spirited organisations.” Earlier, the Coalition Against Corruption Initiative (CACI) had also petitioned EFCC and other anti-graft agencies, claiming that it was “in possession of hard-facts and documents” which indicated that there was alleged fraud in the association.