Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The embattled Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Agboola Ajayi, on Friday, officially declared intentions to run for governorship position under the Zenith Labour Party, ZLP. With his emergence as the candidate of ZLP three weeks after he lost the PDP primaries to Eyitayo Jegede, it is believed that a third force that will give both the APC and PDP a run for their money at the October 10, 2020 governorship polls has emerged. 2. Unknown gunmen, on Thursday night, killed a member of Bauchi State House of Assembly and kidnapped his two wives and a year-old son. The lawmaker, Honourable Musa Mante Baraza, was killed in his hometown, Dass, the headquarters of Dass Local Government Area of the State. 3. The University of Lagos (UNILAG) Senate and four unions have opposed the removal of Prof. Oluwatoyin Ogundipe as Vice Chancellor. They labeled the sack and the appointment of Prof. Theophilus Soyombo as Acting VC, illegal. 4. No fewer than two people were allegedly killed on Thursday, when some officers of Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) Oyo/Osun Command clashed with some residents of Saki in Oyo State. Report said the clash started when Customs officers allegedly chased a Saki indigene alleged to be a smuggler into the town. 5. Pro-Democracy and human rights group, Concerned Nigerians, has called the attention of President, Muhammadu Buhari to the death sentence on Kano singer, Yahaya Sharif-Aminu. In the letter addressed to Buhari, Ganduje and the US Embassy, the group said the judgement is repulsive to natural justice, equity and good conscience. 6. A former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Obadiah Mailafia, has admitted he got the information about a Northern Governor leading the Boko Haram insurgents from Fulani traders in a market. Mailafia claimed he got the information from “some Fulani traders” in the market and did not know that his comments would go viral. 7. The deteriorating security situation in northeast Nigeria since the beginning of the year 2020 calls for urgent support for victims of the conflict who are majorly rural dwellers, UN Humanitarian Coordinator, Edward Kallon has said. According to him, the number of people needing humanitarian assistance is the highest ever recorded in five years of a joint humanitarian response. 8. No fewer than 170 stranded Nigerians have arrived Nigeria from the United Arab Emirates, UAE. The Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, which confirmed the development, said all returnees tested negative to coronavirus. 9. The Bauchi State government on Friday said it has uncovered massive irregularities in the list of candidates who are preparing for this year’s West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). The state Commissioner of Education, Dr. Aliyu Tilde said, a whistleblower drew the attention of the ministry to the irregularities in the list of candidates being sponsored for the West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) organised examination. 10. At least two people have been burnt to death following tanker explosion at Irete along Owerri/Onitsha road, Owerri, Imo State Friday morning. It was gathered that the tanker loaded with fuel exploded in Irete, leaving the driver and another unidentified lady passing by dead.