Members of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Enugu State chapter, have ended their long period of hostility, bringing an end to the factionalization of the party. DAILY POST reports that with this development, the rift between the supporters of the Foreign Affairs Minister, Geoffrey Onyeama and the Enugu State Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Dr. Ben Nwoye has been resolved. The minister’s camp have now dissolved their parallel structure and returned to the party. This was confirmed on Wednesday as Dr. Nwoye inaugurated a 10-man Contact and Mobilization Committee headed by Comrade Adolphus Ude, leader of the Minister’s faction. Other members of the erstwhile faction, including the pioneer woman leader, Mrs. Queen Nwankwo and pioneer secretary, Evaristus Asadu are also members of the committee. The creation of the Committee was part of the terms of reconciliation and deliberate efforts to forge unity and carry all the stakeholders along, ahead of the October 31st 2020 State Assembly bye-election and the 2023 general election. Addressing party faithful during the inauguration of the Committee at the party secretariat, the State Chairman, Nwoye, who recognised Onyeama as his leader, tasked the Committee to rally all the members, especially those at the grassroots, to strengthen and grow the party’s membership in order to win elections in the state. He said the task of mobilizing and reconciling party members was not the exclusive responsibility of the Committee as other party members have the duty to play their role while the committee drives the process. “This exercise is part of efforts to consolidate the new-found unity in our party. This wouldn’t have been possible a few months ago, but we must build this house together and all the issues have been resolved. Today we have one APC in Enugu State. “Our aim is to build one indivisible party that will be strong to win elections in Enugu State,” he said. The party chairman informed members that the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Onyeama, the party financier, Emperor Chris Baywood Ibe, former President of the Senate, Ken Nnamani, the guber candidate of the party in the 2019 general elections, Sen Ayogu Eze, and other party bigwigs were aware and part of the reconciliation process. Nwoye, in an interview with journalists, later said that only one person, Deacon Okey Ogbodo, refused to be part of the reconciliation which was initiated by the national leadership of the party and that the State executive committee had reported progress to the national leadership. Responding on behalf of other members of the Committee, the Chairman, Comrade Adolphus Ude, who is the pioneer chairman of the party in the State, assured that the Committee would work hard to deliver on her mandate. Ude, who acknowledged that Nwoye was the soul of the party in the State, said the Committee will ensure that the party penetrates the grassroots in order to establish formidable ward and polling booth executives, noting that party affairs are conducted at the grassroots not in the city.