Scores of students from some tertiary institutions in Oyo State, on Wednesday, protested against the escape of a prime suspect who was arrested in connection with the killings of some innocent citizens in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state. DAILY POST gathered that Sunday Shodipe, a suspect who was arrested in connection with killings of Barakat Bello, Azeezat Shomuyiwa and including a five-year old boy identified as Mujeeb had earlier been paraded along with two others on 17th July this year by Enwonwu. However, the police under the leadership of the Commissioner of Police in the state, Joe Enwonwu on Sunday, said that the suspect has escaped from Police custody. In a statement issued by its Public Relations Officer (PRO) Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, Oyo State Police command said that the suspect escaped after he has been charged to court. But, the students led by Tope Adewolu, in protest against the escape of the suspect, stormed the Police Headquarters in Eleyele, Ibadan to register their grievances over Shodipe’s escape. Adewolu, who is the General-Secretary, Students Union Government of the Federal College of Animal Health and Production, Moor Plantation, Ibadan, told journalists that students were disturbed by the news of Shodipe’s escape. He said students believed that a man that was arrested for murder of at least three students, should not have escaped so cheaply from police custody. He said students in Oyo State wanted him rearrested and prosecuted accordingly. He said, “We are here to show our grievances over incessant rape and brutal killing in Akinyele. We were happy when police arrested the criminal. He was paraded at the police headquarters here and later taken to court. “We learnt that because of COVID-19, he was kept in police custody instead of prison. But we were shocked to hear a few days ago that the criminal had escaped. After his escape, we heard of another murder in the same Akinyele. How can they claim that a 19-year old criminal escaped from their custody?” Enwonwu, while addressing the students, said the command was doing everything possible to get Shodipe rearrested as soon as possible. He assured them that the suspect would be back in police custody soonest.