The Niger State Governor, Abubakar Sani Bello has described the death of former Chief Judge of the state, Justice Jibrin Ndatsu Ndajiwo as a monumental loss not only to Niger State but to the country as a whole. Justice Jibrin Ndatsu Ndajiwo died at age 72 years today, Tuesday 11th August 2020 in Doko, Lavun local government after a protracted illness. In a condolence message by the Governor, signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mrs Mary Noel Berje said Justice Ndajiwo was a respected jurist who spent his life in the service of the State, country and humanity. Bello explained that late Ndajiwo made a remarkable impact on the State and his chosen career with clear evidence that his death would create a huge gap in the judiciary as well as miss his wise counsel. According to the statement, the late jurist lived a fulfilled and peaceful life, promoting the development and growth of the state and the legal Profession. It also stated that Ndajiwo’s wise counsel and elderly advice would be greatly missed. ” I urge you all to take solace in Almighty Allah as He is the one that gives and takes life” “On behalf of the people and Government of Niger State, I commiserate with the immediate family of the deceased on this very huge loss, the Etsu Nupe, Alhaji Yahaya Abubakar on the loss of a dependable ally and a loyal council member,” the statement said. Born 1948 in Doko, Lavun local government area of Niger State, Late Justice Jibrin Ndajiwo was the Sixth Chief Judge of the State and Magajin Garin Nupe. Late Justice Jibrin Ndatsu Ndajiwo who was the Chairman, Niger state Judicial Service Commission, had held several positions including Permanent Secretary Ministry of Justice, July 1977, State Counsel, November 1st 1977 Chief Registrar 1980, High Court Judge, 14th May 1985 among others. He served as the Chief Judge of the State for 22 years from 18th December 1991 and retired in the same capacity in March 2013. Late Justice Ndajiwo also served the state through various committees as Chairman and member including the judicial Profession.