After spending four days in captivity, the brother of the Kogi State Chairman, Social Democratic Party, SDP, Mumuni Atimah who was kidnapped by unknown gunmen has been released. Atimah, according to DAILY POST, was kidnapped on Wednesday at about 5:30 pm in Quari site Okene. Atimah was reported to have been abducted by six armed gunmen fully armed. Confirming his release to DAILY POST on Saturday evening, Atimah said his brother was released on Saturday at about 4pm. According to him, the kidnapper had earlier demanded N70 million as ransom before releasing his brother. The SDP chairman who is the elder brother to the kidnapped victim disclosed that following the delay in the release of his brother, they had to negotiate with the bandits to reduce the ransom money. He explained that after several negotiations, the family was only able to raise N1 million which it offered the kidnappers to effect his brother’s release. “The security situation in Kogi State is becoming porous every day. We can no longer sleep with our two eyes closed. Can you imagine, the family had to look from right to left to be able to afford the money we paid to the kidnappers. When they contacted us, we told them that we can’t afford such money. Things are really hard. The people are feeding from hands to mouth. “They were very adamant insisting that they would kill my brother if we failed to cooperate with them. Me and my family were in trauma for several days when my younger brother was in the hands of these bandits. We shouldn’t forget that as I am talking to you, I escaped being kidnapped along Irekpeni/ Osara Okene road. “I’m calling on the State Government and security agencies to step up security across the three senatorial districts. This will enable the citizenry have confidence in the current administration. We are tired of this negative trend coming from our dear state” Atimah noted. When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, DSP William Aya told DAILY POST that the command is not aware of the kidnap of Mumuni Mouktar. He, however, promised to get in touch with our correspondent when he receives details of the incident from the Divisional Police Officer of Okene.