The Special Adviser to President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, has said that Nigeria’s security chiefs are not complaining or requesting for military equipment. He said that Nigeria military is well equipped, insisting that even in recent security meetings held with the President and other stakeholders, no agency complained lacking equipment to fight insurgents. Adesina said that the country is at the level of seeking pragmatic solutions between the government and everybody, adding that those making allegations against the government concerning the killings in some parts of the country are not helping the situation. The presidential aide said this when he appeared on Channels Television on Tuesday evening shortly after President Buhari’s meeting with Vice President Prof Yemi Osinbajo, Nigerian Governors Forum, and heads of security agencies at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. “Yes talking of those allegations, I hear them, I see them. I see videos. [These allegations are coming from] people that you think should know [better]; people that you think are well educated; people that you think are large-minded enough but they are still operating from small prisms of ethnic consciousness and making wide allegations about security in the country. They are not helping the situation. “But it’s a democracy. They can say whatever they want to say it doesn’t mean what they’re saying is founded or true but they should realise that when they make those wild allegations, those things are not good for the country. “Those who are working on security are working and we must team up with them to find lasting solutions to these plaques. “Today at the security meeting a lot was said about procurement and security agencies did not complain of equipment. Yes additional equipment are coming in from Jordan, China, United States but the complaint was not majorly about equipment. “The military is well equipped. [Although] nothing spent on security is ever too much because every other thing revolves around security….”