The Coalition of Igbo Groups has reacted to the ongoing investigation of the mass killings of members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, by suspected operatives of the combined team of Department of Security Services, DSS, Nigeria Army and Police. DAILY POST recalls that some members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) were feared killed in Enugu State by security operatives on Sunday. DSS had stormed Community Secondary School, Emene where members of IPOB were meeting. However, attempt to arrest the IPOB members was resisted, leading to a face-off. Several gunshots were reportedly fired, leading to heavy casualties. While condemning the ugly scenario, an Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, constituted panel of Inquiry to independently ascertain the circumstances surrounding the death of 21 persons suspected to be Igbo youths. Ohanaeze named its Secretary-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, as chairman of the panel of Inquiry. This was disclosed in a press release signed by OYC President, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and made available to newsmen last week. But, the Coalition of the Igbo groups comprising World Igbo Youth Congress, (WIYC), South East Women Professionals,(SWP) and Igbo Students Union, (ISU), in a press statement issued on Saturday, by their spokesman, Alex Okemiri, warned members of the panel of Inquiry against backing out from the ongoing independent probe by some highly organised syndicate of Igbo leaders and Groups whom they claimed, had been indicted in preliminary reports as the proximate cause of the killings. The coalition claimed that it has uncovered that the panelists were under heavy pressure from highly respected Igbo leaders to kill the yet-to-be revealed findings of the panel set up by relevant government authorities and some ethnic socio-cultural groups in the country. It also urged members of the panel of Inquiry to ignore the evil machination of disgruntled leaders from Igbo extraction to halt their outcome, as the Igbo coalition would not leave any stone unturned to unravel the cause of the fracas between the slain Igbo youths and the security agents. According to the statement which partly disclosed, “The Coalition after briefing Igbo Elders Council on Friday, 28th August 2020 on the facts and details of the possible proximate causes and build up events that led to the Enugu massacre on Sunday, 23rd August, 2020, there were pressures from different groups and Igbo politicians to disband the Panel members, one of the ploys to divert public attention from the incident the recent resignation of a member of Southeast Security Committee, was a well-drafted script of the syndicates to cover their tracks. “We appeal to well-meaning and patriotic Igbo sons and daughters to join in pressurizing the panel members to desist from attending any meeting scheduled to hold on Monday 31th August 2020 in Imo State, possibly where they will kill the preliminary reports and disband the panel of Inquiry. The committee will surely make the reports to the public immediately they conclude the report by the second week of September 2020 and no amount of threats or intimidation or pressure can kill the official report. “We are in a salvage mission, and those indicted must be exposed. No force on earth will stop the world from knowing the truth of what led to the buildup of the pre activities of those indicted, portraying themselves as saints before the public.”