The Muslim Lawyers Association of Nigeria (MULAN) in Kaduna State has shunned participation in the forthcoming Nigeria Bar Association, NBA, Annual General Conference, AGC The MULAN announced its decision to boycott the conference on Saturday while expressing disappointment over the decision of the NBA NEC to rescind the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State. The body of Muslim lawyers said it was left with no option than to instruct it’s members to withdraw their participation. The Kaduna lawyers enjoined all Muslim Lawyers in Nigeria to join in the boycott. Recall that Muslim Rights Concern, MURIC had instructed all Muslim lawyers to shun the conference following the NBA’s decision to withdraw its invitation to El-Rufai. El-Rufai was billed to speak on the topic, ‘Who is a Nigerian?’ But his invitation met a wide range of protests from lawyers. Chairman of MULAN in Kaduna State, Abbas Masanawa, in a statement on Saturday, titled Missive to the Monsignors of Nigerian Bar Association NEC, said “the MULAN Kaduna Branch is bewildered and disappointed at the unfortunate de-invitation of His Excellency, Mallam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai, Executive Governor of Kaduna State to the Annual General Conference (AGC) of the Nigerian Bar Association, 2020. “The said decision of the NBA NEC is deemed by MULAN Kaduna Branch as being parochial, sentimental, disuniting and tainted with favouritism and ethno religious considerations.” The group said it has watched with dismay, how the NBA kept mute in the face of genocide going on in the North East, Banditry and Kidnappings in Katsina, Zamfara, Niger, Kebbi States, and Giwa and Birnin Gwari in Kaduna State. It also accused the NBA of giving surreptitious ethnic cover to the killings in Southern Kaduna as if lives matter more in some parts of the country over the others. MULAN said it witnessed how Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State demolished a Mosque and came out openly to say ‘I repeat once again without apologies, Rivers is a Christian State. That is why nobody can touch us’ According to MULAN, the NBA never uttered a word to condemn the governor’s action but has invited Wike “to use our hallowed platform to propagate his governance inklings and de-invitation of Governor El-Rufai. MULAN said the topic El-Rufai was meant to lecture, ‘Who is a Nigerian?, has nothing to do with Southern Kaduna. “MULAN Kaduna Branch is left with no option than to instruct it’s members to withdraw their participation in the forthcoming NBA AGC and enjoins all Muslim Lawyers in Nigeria to join in the boycott. “MULAN Kaduna Branch reaffirms its support to Governor Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai in his efforts to stem the tide of insecurity in Kaduna State generally and Southern Kaduna in particular,” the lawyers said.