The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, has berated the President Muhammadu Buhari-led federal government over Nigeria’s current debt profile. AYCF President-General, Yerima Shettima in a chat with DAILY POST, said the Buhari-led administration has mortgaged the future of Nigerians, in view of the country’s current debt profile. Shettima made the comment while insisting that Buhari’s administration has not done well for Nigerians since assuming power. He lamented that the current government had failed in carrying out its promises to Nigeria in the area of security, fighting against corruption and diversification of the economy. When asked if the present administration has done well for Nigeria, Shettima said: “No, the present government came into power based on three things and people believe those three things are the problems which are insecurity, fight against corruption and diversification of the economy. “Are we today happy with insecurity, definitely no because it has become a major challenge. We were far better where we came from than where we are today. “Secondly, are they actually fighting corruption? Of course, that is no story, the man in charge of fighting graft has found himself in a very big dilemma. “Thirdly on economy, is it the hardship or the high profile debt that has become a burden because of the debt incurred now, I don’t think out grandchildren would be able to pay back. Our future has been mortgaged.” He charged Nigerian youths to rise up and ensure that the right people are voted in 2023. “My advice to Nigerians is that if we are determined we can work collectively and come out of this. All hands must be on deck to work out things and occupy political space and pave way for those we think are competent without minding if they have money or not. “We should ensure we sacrifice for the country so the right people can come in and reboot and reconstruct the country again. We can’t continue like these and if we miss the next election, that would be the end of Nigeria, God forbid,” he said.