The Ogun State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said some industries are relocating from Ogun under the watch of Governor Dapo Abiodun. This, the PDP said, was in sharp contrast to claims by some media appointees of Abiodun that the state has now taken over the nation’s ‘industrial hub’ status from Lagos State. DAILY POST reports that during the week, some media aides of Gov Abiodun and loyalists bombarded the social media with a headline, saying, “Investors Dump Lagos As Ogun Becomes New Industrial Hub”, attributing same to Abiodun’s achievements in office. Reacting, the Ogun PDP, in a statement by its Spokesman, Akinloye Bankole, on Saturday, said it was “amazed at the celebration of a bogus claim in some sections of the media that Ogun state has become the industrial hub under the ruling government led by Prince Dapo Abiodun.” Bankole said the PDP is not in any way doubting or denying the potentials and the capacity of Ogun transforming into such socioe-economic glory. According to him, the party, is however, “shocked by the unnecessary celebration going on in government quarters on a report which captured six years review based on data provided by the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN).” Bankole maintained that, “It is a known fact that after 15 months in the saddle, the people’s enthusiasm was fast going down the drain as the much celebrated ‘Ogun Becoming New Industrial Hub’ was not in tandem with the objective reality across the state.” The party noted with “grave concerns, the relocation of many industries from Ogun state, especially from the Agbara axis to other cities outside the state.” Bankole revealed that: “In the last few months, companies such as P & G has stopped producing; Evans Medicals has moved to Isolo, Lagos state and DIL Maltex, also in Agbara has also closed shop.” He said, “These are apart from several others around Ota Industrial Estate at Onipanu axis that are almost set to leave.” The relocation from Ogun state by investors, the PDP alleged, are largely owing to “lack of favourable business policy directions and amenities from the government; Lack of good roads for moving produce from the companies; lack of adequate incentives from the government and generally, the government’s consistent reputation for sluggishness in the conduct of the state’s affairs.” As a party, PDP said it was deeply saddened to note that Ogun state has eventually become unattractive for both local and foreign investors under the watch of the Dapo Abiodun government. Meanwhile, the PDP has challenged Gov Abiodun to promote sustainable policies that would create friendly environment for businesses to thrive in the state, instead of engaging in what it called “macabre dance of falsehood” that his government is currently doing.”