The Oyo State Commandant of the Vigilante Group of Nigeria (VGN), Mr. Oladeji Olowolafe, has raised the alarm that the newly-created Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) also known as Amotekun, lacks proper coordination in the state. Olowolafe said that the much-anticipated Operation Amotekun may not achieve the desired result in the state with the present modalities put in place by the state government. DAILY POST gathered that six governors from the South West region in a bid to fortify the security of the region had launched the new security outfit in Ibadan, the state capital some months ago. The officers of the new security outfit are to complement the efforts of the police and other security agencies. https://dailypost.ng/2020/03/10/amotekun-makinde-signs-new-security-bill-into-law/ But, Olowolafe while speaking observed that the recruitment of the Amotekun personnel lacks coordination. Olowolafe, who expressed his opinion in Ibadan on Tuesday, said “It was shocking to hear the state government asking those who are interested in the scheme to go and apply online. Unfortunately, we know ourselves.” He suggested that in order for the Amotekun Corps to achieve the expected result, the heads of all the local security outfits should be consulted and co-opted into Amotekun. Olowolafe added that inclusion of the local hunters, VGN members and OPC will give optimal result for the operations of Amotekun. He kicked against the model adopted by the government in recruiting Amotekun Officials, saying the scheme as presently constituted lacks proper coordination. He said, “Those who will do this job, I mean those who have the capacity to do the kind of job expected, cannot do anything online.” He expressed dismay that the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC), Agbekoya Group, Hunters Association and the Vigilante Group of Nigeria are not being carried along in the recruitment process. “Imagine that the Oodua Peoples Congress (OPC), Agbekoya Group, Hunters Association and the Vigilante Group of Nigeria are not being carried along in all of these. I had to apply online when I saw the advert to do that. But I am sure that with time, we will know where we are going. “I can tell you that the Ekiti State Amotekun is different from what Oyo State is planning hence, no uniformity. “I can tell you that some of the Suspects that the police parade are being arrested by the Vigilance Group. The Police invite me at times whenever they want to parade them so, I can tell you that we have achieved a lot and we are still working.”