Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Armed bandits reportedly invaded Kurfi town in Kurfi Local Government Area of Katsina State, northwest Nigeria on Sunday night. Residents said the bandits attacked the town when the residents were preparing for Isha’i prayers around 8:00pm. 2. The number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Nigeria currently stands at 46, 577, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, said after confirming new cases. NCDC disclosed that Lagos State has the highest number of fresh cases with 107, followed by Abuja with 91 and Plateau State with 81. 3. The remains of Senator Buruji Kashamu have been laid to rest according to Islamic rites. At exactly 12:50pm on Sunday, the body of the former Ogun East Senator was lowered into the grave at his Ijebu-Igbo residence in Ogun State. 4. A former member of the House of Representatives, Sunday Karimi, has urged the Edo State House of Assembly to immediately commence impeachment process of the state Governor, Godwin Obaseki. The ex-lawmaker, who represented Yagba East, Yagba West/Mopa-Muro Federal Constituency of Kogi State in the Eighth Assembly, said the governor had breached the constitution by barring elected legislators in the state from being sworn-in to perform their constitutional responsibilities for 18 months. 5. The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami has written to President Muhammadu Buhari, explaining his wealth following calls for his removal over corruption allegations. The Minister in the letter informed the President that he owned lucrative businesses before becoming a minister of the federation. 6. Adaze Enwanta, Special Assistant to the Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, has described the Thursday invasion of the State Assembly as treason. The Governor’s aide also said that the plan of the opposition was to create a crisis and lead the State into a state of emergency so that elections will not hold. 7. The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has insisted that Adams Oshiomhole, the former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has no certificate. Wike said this while denouncing the claims by Oshiomhole that Godwin Obaseki, the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the forthcoming governorship election lacked required academic credentials to contest the September 19 poll. 8. Chris Azebamwan, the Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Edo State, has said that the party has no plan to impeach Governor Godwin Obaseki, describing such a move as a waste of time. According to Azebamwan, the APC will defeat Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and its candidate, Governor Obaseki squarely and fairly in the forthcoming governorship election. 9. The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Kaduna State chapter, has challenged Christian leaders in the country to raise their voices against the killings of Christians in the southern part of the state. The state CAN chairman, Rev. Joseph John Hayab, who made the call at the second Sunday Christians interdenominational prayers and indoor protest over Southern Kaduna killings, enjoined Christian leaders all over the country to speak up and not keep quiet against the continued attacks and unwarranted killings in Kaduna South. 10. The Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) has decried N11.5bn non-essential contracts smuggled into its 2020 budget ostensibly by members of the National Assembly. The Acting Executive Director, Dr. Cairo Ojuogboh, said the contracts were for supply of desks and chairs to schools in the Niger Delta region.