The Speaker, Bauchi State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Abubakar Y. Suleiman, has described the death of a member of the Assembly, Hon. Musa Mante Baraza, as shocking and a great loss to the state. Baraza was killed Thursday night in his residence in Dass by some unknown gunmen, who also kidnapped his two wives and a year-old daughter in the process. Until his death, Baraza represented Dass State Constituency in the Assembly. In his condolence message to the family of the deceased, people of Dass constituency and members of the Assembly, contained in a statement made available to DAILY POST by his spokesman, Abdul Ahmad Burra, the Speaker said he was yet to recover from the trauma of the devastating news of the merciless murder of Baraza. He, however, stated that he submits everything to Almighty Allah Who states in the Qur’an that every soul shall taste death. Suleiman condemned the attack and murder of the lawmaker and vowed to work with security agencies in the state to fish out the perpetrators of the devilish act. The Speaker described the deceased as a God-fearing person, humble and a dependable ally who served and related with people selflessly and honourably. According to him, the deceased lawmaker did not only dedicate his time but also deployed resources to the service of his constituents. He added that the late Baraza diligently discharged his responsibilities as the chairman, House Committee on Public Petitions, declaring that the deceased contributed immensely to the business of the House. “As member representing the good people of Dass, Hon. Mante dedicated his time and resources towards ensuring the well-being of his constituents. He was always at the forefront of serving the interest of his people and dear state. “He lived a simple and exemplary life worthy of emulation. The fact that he had lived in his village interacting and serving his people, speaks volumes on how faithful and humble late Hon. Musa Mante Baraza was. “As Chairman, House Committee on Public Petitions, Hon. Mante diligently and effectively discharged his responsibility by being so much dedicated and committed to finding solutions to many problems affecting people across the state. “He has contributed immensely in the lawmaking business and other functions of Bauchi State House of Assembly. “He was so much friendly and kind to all of us his colleagues and staff of the Assembly. Indeed, we will lose his elderly and statesmanly gestures, joviality and the jokes we always shared during plenary, meetings and other engagements,” the Speaker declared. According to Suleiman, the deceased lawmaker died at a time that his family, the people of Dass constituency and the state, in general, needed him the most. He urged the bereaved family, colleagues and constituents to take solace and prayed to Almighty Allah to forgive the deceased’s shortcomings and give those he left behind the fortitude to bear the painful and irreparable loss.