Oyo State Police Command on Sunday warned that a suspected serial killer, Mr. Sunday Shodipe has escaped from police custody. DAILY POST gathered that Shodipe had earlier been arrested in connection with a series of killings in Akinyele local government area of the state. He and two others were paraded last month in connection with killings of Barakat Bello, Azeezat Shomuyiwa and others. But, Police on Sunday said Shodipe had escaped custody. The command gave the warning via a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday by its spokesman, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi. Fadeyi said that Shodipe escaped after he had been charged to court. He implored the general public to be on the lookout and immediately inform officers and men of the Command if Shodipe is sighted. Fadeyi said, “The Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Command, CP. Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, psc wishes to state that, the prime suspect in the serial killings at Akinyele Local Government Area, Moniya Ibadan of Oyo State, one Sunday Shodipe ‘m’ 19 years who was arrested and paraded along with two others at the Oyo State Police Command on 17th July, 2020 and later charged to court but remanded in Police custody escaped from lawful custody on 11/08/2020. “Consequent upon this, the CP wishes to implore the general public to be on the lookout, arrest and immediately inform the Officers and men of the Command when sighted for immediate handing over for further action. “He further seizes this opportunity to appeal to any member of the public with credible information as to the whereabouts of the assailant not to hesitate in passing the same to the Oyo State Police Command to assist in the apprehension of the offender who is now at large. “The CP wishes to unequivocally state that the Command is committed to the protection of lives and properties of the good people of Oyo State. “He, therefore, assures that adequate security measures have been placed to enable all and sundry to transact their lawful businesses in an atmosphere of peace and tranquillity, without any fear or molestation from any individual or groups as he sternly warns criminal elements to steer clear of Oyo State. “He further advised angry youths/mobs against taking laws into their hands by carrying out jungle justice when suspected criminals are arrested, but such suspect(s) should be handed over to the Police.