Reactions have continued to trail the Monday’s judgement of the Election Petition Tribunal, which annulled the Bayelsa State Governorship election. Though, there were rallies and marching in the major areas in Yenagoa by loyalists of the All Progressives Congress (APC), some political analysts, however, faulted their jubilation, describing them as novices of the law. A Bayelsa State lawyer, Barr. Wilfred Dominic, argued that the judgement has just been given in a court of the first instant and can’t be adjudged as the final verdict. He also added that even if the judgement stands at the Supreme Court, the APC will not participate at the election because their candidate was disqualified and barred by the apex court. “Even if the judgement is to call for a rerun or a fresh election, they will not participate. It could be as the case in Rivers State last gubernatorial election where they had to support another party candidate,” Dominic said. Another public analyst, Hon. Einstein Orubo, said the mandate of Bayelsans will be restored through the ballot again, adding that the people are so happy over the judgement. He also stated that Bayelsans craved for serious infrastructural development, which is lacking currently in the state, noting that it is time for a firm reality in the state. He said, “We have trust in INEC to conduct another election and the whole world will see that the same way Bayelsans voted massively for their choice candidate will be witness again. They should dust their PVCs and get set for a fresh election as directed by the court within 90 days.” On his part, the immediate past Governor of Bayelsa State, Hon. Seriake Dickson, urged Bayelsans not to be perturbed by the judgment of the Election Petition Tribunal, which annulled the state Governorship election. He described the judgment as a temporary setback which does not in law affect the status quo until appeal processes are exhausted. The former governor in a statement by His Media Advisor, Mr. Fidelis Soriwei, stated that the PDP and the Government would appeal the judgment. He stressed that there was no vacancy in the Bayelsa Government House as Diri remains Governor until a final decision on the issue was reached at the Supreme Court. Dickson urged Bayelsans to go about their lawful duties without any disturbance because of the judgment on the suit filed by the Advanced Nigerian Democratic Party against its purported exclusion in the election by INEC. He said, “I urge Bayelsans to remain calm. They shouldn’t misinterpret what took place at the tribunal today. “The judgment is a temporary setback which does not have any effect on the status quo until all processes of appeal are exhausted. “There is no vacancy in the Bayelsa Government House. Diri remains Governor until the Supreme Court decides. “Of course what this means is that the PDP will appeal this decision”. Meanwhile, the members of the Bayelsa State House of Assembly led by the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Abraham Ingobere led other members on a solidarity visit to Governor Douye Diri at the State Government House. On the visit, Governor Douye Diri told the visiting Assembly members that they should go ahead with the screening of 24 commissioner-designates he forwarded to them last week. According to him,” I am very sound-minded by your visit. I am aware you are receiving some August visitors by tomorrow in the House. Please, you should go ahead and screen the commissioner nominees, and I will swear them in as commissioners. Our government is already on course to deliver to the people.”