The two officers of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) involved in a public fight have been demoted. In a viral video, a naked tricycle rider threw himself on the bonnet of the FRSC’s patrol vehicle in Benin, Edo State, while resisting arrest. During the incident, the rider went berserk and tore the FRSC staff uniform. Giving update on the incident, FRSC spokesperson Bisi Kazeem, in a statement said legal action has commenced against the tricycle rider. The statement read in part: “The Federal Road Safety Corps has commenced legal action against the erring tricycle rider who was seen destroying an FRSC patrol vehicle in a viral video recorded along Sapele road Benin, Edo state. “While the disciplinary panel constituted at the instance of the Corps Marshal that conducted the investigation into the incident recommended that the 7-man patrol team involved in the incident be sanctioned with the award of loss of seniority and reduction in rank.” Kazeem disclosed that the rider who was charged to court on July 22 before Magistrate Ojehumen at the Evbuoriaria Magistrate Court 8, Sapele road, Benin pleaded not guilty to the 2 count charge bordering on breach of public peace and malicious damage of FRSC Patrol Vehicle. “The Counsel to the defendant eventually applied for bail which was granted by the Court, and the case was adjourned to 5 August, 2020 for further hearing,” he said. The affected FRSC staff involved in the video has been demoted and were still being investigated by disciplinary pane, for unethical behaviour which contradicts ethics of the corps. “The Corps Marshal has directed the redeployment of the affected FRSC staff from their present Command in addition to the reduction in rank that was awarded by the Disciplinary Panel against the affected personnel having been investigated and found liable of patrol misconduct, incivility, unprofessional and unethical behaviour towards a road traffic offender; acts that contradict the patrol operational ethics of the Corps,” the statement added.