South African-based Nigerian filmmaker, Jeffrey Uzoma Fidelis, has cried out over Nigerian’s government abandonment and refusal to invest in Nollywood. Fidelis decried the failure of the federal government to invest heavily in the nation’s motion picture industry in a chat with DAILY POST. Uzoma said the make-believe industry has the capacity to create job opportunities than even the oil and gas sector. The producer of the movie ‘Pain in Love’ said the government needs to encourage moviemakers so as to change the perception of people about Nigeria. According to him, “Nollywood should not be where it is today. Nollywood should have been rubbing shoulders with Bollywood and Hollywood but due to the neglect by the government, we are still moving at snail speed. “Take a look at Hollywood for instance; the US government doesn’t joke with them. They partner with them when the need arises, but the reverse is the case for Nigeria. When asked how he was faring in South Africa, the fast-rising moviemaker said, “As a Nigerian entertainer in South Africa, it’s been quite a journey and a blessing at the same time. There were inevitably challenges along the way, but no matter the industry you are in, as long as you know that there is a market for whatever you are thinking of doing.” he told DAILY POST. With his fully-fledged production company, Jungle Hustle Productions has produced ground-breaking film and television content like ‘Pain in Love’ a critically acclaimed flick which shone a light on women’s abuse in South Africa. ‘Driven’, ‘Pulane’, ‘Dangerous Affection,’ and ‘Lost Lovers’ are some South African popular flicks that Fidelis has worked on. Most importantly for him also is using his works to change the perception of Nigerians in South Africa. “I believe through my works as a filmmaker, an entertainer and community builder here as well as being an inspiration to a number of young South Africans, I will be able to change the perceptions of Nigerians in South Africa. That means a lot to me. It is important that my work, my work ethic, my achievements and my character speak for me and us.”