The governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano’s rift with billionaire oil magnate, Prince Arthur Eze has taken a different dimension, with the governor placing one year suspension on 12 traditional rulers who went on a trip to Abuja with Eze to see President Muhammad Buhari. The monarchs were alleged to have travelled with Eze to report Governor Obiano to the President, over his non conduct of local government elections in the state and other issues, but were turned back at the Villa. Eze has been at loggerhead with the governor, who he accused of not paying traditional rulers five percent of monies accruing to the state as directed by the federal government, and also threatening to urge President Buhari to stop paying local government funds to the governor. Recall that Igwe Peter Uyanwa, the monarch of Ukwulu who had hosted Eze in his palace, alongside other traditional rulers in the meeting where the plan was hatched, had last week been suspended too. Commissioner for Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Affairs, Mr. Greg Obi listed the suspended monarchs as follows – Igwe Alex Edozieuno of Mkpunando, Igwe Mark Anthony Okonkwo of Alor, Igwe Chukuwma Bob Vincent Orji of Ezinifite and Igwe Engr G.B.C Mbakwe of Abacha. Others are: Igwe Chijioke Nwankwo of Nawfia, Igwe Nkeli Nelly of Igbariam, Igwe Anthony Onyekwere of Owelle, Igwe A. N Onwuneme of Ikenga, Igwe Simon Ikechukwu Chidubem of Umumbo, Igwe S. O Uche of Ezira, Igwe Dr Emeka Ilouno of Ifitedunu and Igwe Peter Ikegbunem Udoji of Eziagulu Otu. The suspension, which is for one year, took effect from Tuesday, August 11, 2020, the circular stated. “The suspended traditional rulers are not to parade themselves as traditional rulers and desist from discharging their functions as traditional rulers in their communities or anywhere within the state and beyond with immediate effect. “Also revoked are their membership of Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council and any appointment they may be holding in government committees until the suspension is lifted. “The suspension may be lifted at the end of one year, renewed or upgraded in the intervening period depending on government’s review of the conduct of the errant royal fathers,” it said. DAILY POST gathered that the suspension of the monarchs followed the recommendation of their colleagues in the Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council after their meeting at Prof Dora Akunyili Women Development Center Awka on Tuesday, which took offence at the public conduct of the 12 Igwes, which has been generating negative reviews in the media in the past one week. The Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council led by the Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Nnaemeka Achebe had strongly condemned the ill-fated trip of the ‘rebellious traditional rulers’. The circular stated that, “The traditional rulers leaving their respective domains without notifying either the state or their respective local governments, the traditional rulers had violated the code of conduct prescribed for their office.”