A socio-political group, South East Supports Groups (SESG), has stated that the gains so far recorded by President Muhammadu Buhari-led federal government particularly in South East zone, has superseded that of the past administrations since Nigeria’s assumption of democratic government. The group posited that the president has demonstrated his love for the region by appointing Ndigbo sons and daughters into prominent federal positions. It, therefore, called on Igbo sons and daughters to support the President and the Nigerian Army for numerous roles they had played for the security, peace and development of South East geopolitical zone. The South East Supports Groups, SESG, made its position known in a statement signed by its National President, Emmanuel Ojukwu, and made available to DAILY POST on Monday. The group’s position came on the heels of the notions in many quarters in South East geopolitical zone part of Nigeria over alleged marginalization of the region in provision of infrastructural amenities by President Buhari-led current federal government. The Igbo organization asserted that the Southeast region are most focal beneficiaries of the novel initiatives of the Nigerian Army on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) projects in water, roads, and free health services. It reiterated that the Nigerian Army under Lt. General Tukur Bauratai, has marketed itself as not just one of the most visible presence of the Federal Government in the Southeast, but had through its numerous Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives and projects, assisted tremendously in scaling up development in the South East region. However, the south east group’s statement read partly, “It is a known fact to each one of us that no race or people bicker with their neighbours forever. In the past decades, we have been antagonistic, hostile, and opposed other tribes of Nigeria to assert or loud what we deemed as marginalization and injustice to the Southeast region. “Let truth be told boldly, Nigeria’s political system and its reward mechanism subscribes unwittingly to the patronage of regions or zones or people who have actively supported a leader during the electoral process or at the point of enthronement of a leader. We have lived with this culture for ages. “Igbo nation has no choice than to embrace a leader with a good heart like President Buhari who has consistently shown to us friendship and true love as an unbiased leader. He has demonstrated to us that a true leader has no enemies or foes, but serves everyone without discrimination.”