The Youth Christian and Muslim Forum of Nigeria (YCMFN) has attacked members of the All-Party Parliamentary Group in the United Kingdom (APPG) over their allegations of Christian genocide in Nigeria. YCMFN described the claim by the parliamentary group as false and misleading. The forum made up of Christian and Muslim youths, advised the UK parliamentarians to focus on sanctity of all human lives irrespective of religion or ethnic biases. YCMFN stated this in a statement signed by its National President, Pastor Phillip Attah. Recall that a recent report by the Parliament on ‘Freedom of Religion and Belief, Nigeria: Unfolding Genocide?’, had alleged religious colouration in Boko Haram, banditry and other violent attacks across the country. The YCMFN did not dispute the fact that Nigeria is experiencing security challenges, but rejected the attempts to attach religious dimension to happenings in the country. It is described as the most distasteful attempt by some people to coin a narrative that ‘Christians are the target of Boko Haram. It also frowned on the attempt to drag the current administration, the armed forces or any other security agencies in the country into the evil religious narration. The statement partly reads; “Nigeria no doubt is battling some security challenges that have been ongoing for a while now. What we, however, want to set straight is the fact that the killings going on are largely religion blind. “Are there killings that involve Christians? The answer is yes, Christians are certainly murdered in Nigeria, but the fact remains out there that this evil terrorist has killed more Muslims and are in fact killing more Muslims.” The group noted that anyone not in support of the activities of Boko Haram be it Christians or Muslims are in danger. “We know some mischievous elements will want to play the religious card with the ongoing security challenge, we worry less about them, since many of the perpetrators of this narrow and unfortunate narrative do so for their own pecuniary gain,” the statement reads in part.