The Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola, has inaugurated the Osun Security Network Agency, Amotekun Corps Board and the Amotekun Independent Complaints Board in the state. They will be collaborating with the conventional security agencies to ensure fair and absolute security of the State. At the inauguration ceremony held at the Governor’s Office in Osogbo on Thursday, Oyetola explained that the security network will be complementing the conventional security agencies to stop the incidences of rape, illegal mining, possible banditry, kidnapping and other crimes which have crept into the State as a result of the deplorable security situation in the nation. DAILY POST recalled that the state parliament had on March 3 passed Amotekun bill into law after convening a public hearing session, and subsequently, the Governor assented the bill on March 13 this year. During the inauguration, Oyetola said that the Osun Security Network Agency and the Amotekun Corps Board as well as the Amotekun Independent Complaints Board have been created by the Law to ensure fair and effective administration, implementation and operation of the Amotekun Corps. He opined that the Osun Security Network Agency and the Amotekun Corps will offer improved security of lives and property and close the gaps created by the obvious overstretching of the conventional security agencies, while the Amotekun Independent Complaints Board will act as checks and balances for the activities of the Corps personnel. In his words, “As you are all aware, our administration has worked tirelessly to retain its status as the State to beat in peace and security provision in the nation. In line with our resolve, we have adopted proactive and creative measures to deliver security to our people by collaborating with the military, the Police and other security agencies when the raging security situation in the nation was having an adverse effect on our security profile. “Our ultimate solution to the situation was the collaboration with our sister States in the South West who share the same territory and destiny with us to found the Amotekun Corps to police and secure the region and deliver peace to our people,” Oyetola said. The governor appointed a 15-member Osun Security Network and Amotekun Corps that will be chaired by General Ademola Aderibigbe (rtd.), while General Bashir Adewinbi (rtd.) will serve as the Corps Commander. According to him, the two generals have been selected on the strength of their capabilities as proven military tacticians and astute administrators. “The Amotekun Independent Complaints Board is a three-man team headed by Justice Moshood Adeigbe (rtd.), a fearless and incorruptible Justice and a firm believer in justice for the common man,” he said. He charged the newly inaugurated co-manager of the security network to, in their utmost secure the lives and property of the people and sustain the status of Osun as the most peaceful State in Nigeria. “The Government and the People of Osun are also looking up to you to provide a peaceful environment for the successful implementation of the Development Agenda that will, among others, attract massive investment to the State, revolutionise the economy and deliver sustainable development. “We are confident that, as co-managers of Osun security, you will do your utmost to secure the lives and property of the people and sustain the status of Osun as the most peaceful State in Nigeria. The Government and the People of Osun are also looking up to you to provide a peaceful environment for the successful implementation of the Development Agenda that will, among others, attract massive investment to the State, revolutionise the economy and deliver sustainable development. “I must at this juncture implore you to lead a trained, disciplined, loyal and committed corps that has a human face to collaborate with other security agencies within and outside the State to secure our people. “Let me remind us all as Osun people that Amotekun is our baby and that making it work is a collective responsibility. I, therefore, urge you all to collaborate with the bodies that we are inaugurating today by providing useful information and offering other necessary support in our collective interest,” Oyetola concluded.