The Katsina State Government has stated that normalcy is returning to the state with farmers and others going about their usual duties. The government attributed the feat to the tireless efforts of the Nigerian Army and other security forces. In a statement signed by the Special Adviser to the Governor on Security Matters, Ibrahim Katsina, on Friday, the state government said the activities of bandits have been degraded to the barest minimum. Hundreds of people have been killed in the last year by criminal gangs carrying out robberies and kidnappings in the northwestern state. With the final clearance operation in the northeast almost completed, the troops switched attention to Katsina in June under the code name ‘Operation Accord’. Since then, however, the Army, in collaboration with other security agencies have launched multiple lands and air offensives, killing hundreds of bandits, leaving many others injured. And according to Ibrahim Katsina, the various operations are “achieving the desired result of dislodging the bandits from their hideouts and giving hope to the people to go back to their normal lives”. He added that the “Katsina State Government is happy to note that the general security situation in the state is gradually returning to normalcy. “The current security operation by the combined efforts of the military and other security forces in achieving the desired result of dislodging the bandits from their hideouts and giving hope to the people to go back to their normal lives”. While describing the efforts of the military as satisfactory, the state govt urged the military to sustain the momentum to flush out the remnants of bandits. “In this regard, we wish to acknowledge with satisfaction the efforts of the military and other security forces in the restoration of gradual peace and security in the affected areas. We hope that the tempo would be sustained so than expected banditry will be a thing of the past in the state,” Katsina said. “As you can observe, in spite of the pockets of challenges to the security operations, most of the affected communities have gradually gone back to their farms and gone about their normal duties.” Katsina, however, appealed to citizens to avoid the temptation of joining the criminals and rather extend support to the troops to complete the good work they have started. “We are therefore calling on members of the public to shun all forms of inducement to go into crime, as it does not pay,” Katsina said. “Rather they should team up with the government and security forces towards sustainable peace and security.”