Three persons are currently in police custody in Niger State for allegedly killing two teenagers for encroaching into their farmlands. The victims were alleged to have entered the lands and engaged in illegal mining of Gold at the Eastern bypass, Minna, the state capital. Based on information gathered, the state Police command quickly swung into action and effected their arrest. The state Police Public Relations officer PPRO, ASP Wasiu Abiodun confirming the incident in Minna said the deceased were found lying dead at the scene of the incident behind the M.I Wushishi Housing Estate, Minna. The PPRO explained that the suspects claimed that the deceased encroached and damaged their farmland through illegal mining. “We received information that two teenagers were found lying dead. Police detectives attached to Chanchaga division swung into action and arrested three suspects in connection with the case,” he said. The suspects include one Alh. Umaru Ibrahim age 41yrs, Nuhu Ahmadu age 27yrs, and Safulai Ahmadu age 23yrs all of Kpapi village via Chanchaga, Minna. “During interrogation, the suspects confessed to have conspired and fired dane gun at the deceased persons, claiming to have encroached and damaged their farmland through illegal mining,” he disclosed. Also, he said two persons were nabbed for allegedly kidnapping one Jombo Salihu in Nakudna village via Erena in Shiroro local government. According to him, the two suspects who are members of the same community conspired with 12 armed gunmen and invaded their villages. The suspects are Danladi Sarki age 25yrs and Yunana Danjuma age 28yrs, while the 12 other members of the armed gang are currently at large. “The suspects confessed to be indigenes of the community but, conspired with their armed gang members now at large, and acted as pointers and informants to the bandits. “The victim was rescued unhurt and efforts are on to arrest the fleeing suspects”, he further stated. Abiodun further stated that all the Suspects will soon be arraigned in court for prosecution after investigations.