Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The management of the University of Lagos, UNILAG, has announced that Professor Theophilus Omololu Soyombo of the Faculty of Social Sciences has been appointed as the acting the Vice-Chancellor of the University following the sack of embattled VC, Professor Olawatoyin Ogundipe, The council in a statement released on Thursday by its Registrar and Secretary, Esq. Oladejo Azeez maintained that Ogundipe has been removed as the Vice chancellor of the University. 2. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has commenced the investigation of two Lebanese, Dina Jihad Khali and Chamseddine Waell Mohammed. They were arrested on Wednesday by officers of the Customs Area Command, Port Harcourt, Rivers State while attempting to smuggle a total sum of $890,000 out of Nigeria through the Port Harcourt International Airport. 3. Former Nigeria president, Olusegun Obasanjo, has called on younger Africans to participate actively in politics and force out the older generation. According to Obasanjo, unless the leaders are forced out, they would continue to occupy the political offices. 4. The Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Mohammed, has approved the dissolution of all local government councils in the state with immediate effect. The dissolution, according to a press release signed by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mohammed Sabi’u Baba, is sequent to the release of timetable for the local government council election in the state by the State Independent Electoral Commission (SIEC). 5. Babatunde Oke, the Chairman of Onigbongbo Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of Lagos State is dead. He passed away Wednesday morning from coronavirus complications. 6. The Osun State government on Wednesday placed a ban on social activities and gatherings at this year’s Osun-Osogbo Festival.”
The Commissioner for Culture and Tourism, Hon Obawale Adebisi, who announced the decision in a statement, said the position of the government became necessary because of the spike in the number of people who have tested positive for COVID-19 in the state. 7. The police in Imo State on Wednesday arrested 67 persons, suspected to be members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and a native doctor, for alleged unlawful assembly. The state commissioner of police, Isaac Akinmoyede, said the people were arrested in Orji, Owerri North Local Government Area of the state on Sunday. 8. Anambra State governor, Chief Willie Obiano, has suspended 12 traditional rulers who travelled to Abuja last week to meet with President Muhammadu Buhari. The traditional rulers from Anambra State had allegedly sought audience with President Buhari in Abuja. Their trip was said to have been facilitated by business mogul, Prince Arthur Eze, who has been having a running battle with Governor Obiano. 9. The Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN), yesterday, began a three-day strike over unpaid salaries. Similarly, the Medical and Health Workers Union of Nigeria (MHWUN) has said there would be “war” if the Nigerian government did not fulfil its promises to the health sector. 10. Former United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Walter Carrington, is dead. His wife, Arese Carrington, on Wednesday, said the 90-year-old died peacefully, surrounded by loved ones on Tuesday.