Following the clash between security operatives and Biafra agitators which resulted in the killing of many in Enugu State, an Igbo sociocultural group, Ohanaeze Youth Council, OYC, has constituted panel of Inquiry to independently ascertain the circumstances surrounding the death of 21 persons suspected to be Igbo youths. The unfortunate incident occurred on Sunday, in Emene, Enugu State involving officers of the Department of Security Service, DSS. Ohanaeze named its Secretary-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, as chairman of the panel of Inquiry. This was disclosed in a press release signed by OYC President, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, and issued on Wednesday. The sociocultural organization, posited that it will present the findings to Igbo leaders led by the Secretary-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo and Elders Council before disclosing to the public. DAILY POST recalls that some members of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) were feared killed in Enugu State by security operatives. On Sunday, the Biafra agitators clashed with security operatives. Policemen had stormed Community Secondary School, Emene where members of IPOB were meeting. But attempt to arrest the IPOB members was resisted, leading to a face-off. When it appeared that the police officers were being overpowered, teams of Police, Army and Department of State Service (DSS) operatives arrived. Several gunshots were reportedly fired leading to casualties. However, OYC press release partly stated, “OYC Panel of Inquiry led Mazi Okwu Nnabuike had successfully interviewed independent eyewitnesses around the scene of the Emene killings, and we have uncovered shocking facts regarding what happened. The panel is still making progress and will conclude sooner than later. “We commend those who took the responsibility to be part of these investigations with utmost respect for those killed and as well, to avert possible reprisals attack in the Southeast. OYC assures that Nigerians will surely have unbiased answers to the tragic death of Igbo youths that met their untimely ordeal on 23rd August 2020, when the full details come out possibly before 30th August, 2020. “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide will surely resist any attempt or pressure from any quarter not to publish its findings. As the watchdog of Igbo nation, we will open the eyes of the world with our shocking findings”.