The Deputy Governor of Edo State, Philip Shaibu, on Monday warned that Bola Tinubu, National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC; ex-APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole and Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje are working towards creating a great calamity in Nigeria. The Deputy Governor warned Edo indigenes to stay away from the APC leaders because they will bring calamity to the state. The Deputy Governor, who spoke through his Special Adviser on Media, Benjamin Atu also urged people of the state to distance themselves from APC governorship candidate, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. He accused them of putting Nigeria’s unity, nascent democracy, security and economic wellbeing on the line. In a statement, the Deputy Governor said: ‘ the ’Former national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, former governor of Lagos State, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Umar Ganduje and some members of the Edo State House of Assembly are inviting a far greater calamity on Nigeria. Their actions have sent wrong signals to members of the international community. “The people of Edo State should distance themselves from Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu and former Lagos State governor, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. “Oshiomhole, Bola Tinubu and Ganduje as symbols of impunity.” He also berated Tinubu and Oshiomhole over their alleged undemocratic conduct over the crisis rocking the state House of Assembly. “Oshiomhole, Tinubu and some members of the Edo State House of Assembly, the political ditch Oshiomhole plunged himself into, the creation of a polity with high public morality and the way Obaseki went about meeting the people’s expectations,” he said. Shaibu also emphasized the complete subservience of Oshiomhole and Ize-Iyamu to some alleged masters in Lagos, Kano and
Imo States amounted to massive coercion, lies, hypocrisy and masquerading. ‘’Edo State cannot return to subservience. We must put an end to godfatherism. Governor Godwin Obaseki is an asset and knows the needs and interests of the common people. Governor Obaseki also understands the essential features of Edo State and he is acting on this understanding to change them and make them serve the common people,’’ he said.