Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President of Mali, Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta has resigned his position. Keïta’s resignation during in a televised address on Wednesday, stated that he does not want blood to be spilled for him to remain in power, adding that he was also dissolving his cabinet. 2. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has suspended Mali membership following the arrest of President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita and Prime Minister Boubou Cisse. ECOWAS in a statement on Tuesday also closed borders of its member states’ with the country. 3. United Nations, UN, has demanded an immediate release of Malian President, the Prime Minister and the other government official arrested and detained by mutiny soldiers. UN head, Antonio Guterres demanded the release of both men who were taken away on Tuesday by rebel soldiers. 4. Members of the Joint Health Sector Union, JOHESU, University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital, on Tuesday, commenced a seven-day warning strike over poor provision of personal protective equipment, PPE, and 17 other grievances. The union complained that 18 nurses and seven supportive staff in the hospital have tested positive to coronavirus in the course of their duty, according to the union chairman, Olatunde Oluwawumi at a press conference in Ilorin. 5. The Special Task Force responsible for the maintenance of peace in Plateau, Southern Kaduna and parts of Bauchi States, code-named Operation Safe Haven (OPSH) has rearrested another escaped prisoner, Mallam Adam Yusuf OPSH through its Spokesman, Major Shittu Ibrahim, said, “Troops of Operation Safe Haven deployed at Bisichi Area Command of Barkin Ladi Plateau State rearrested Yusuf, one of the 6 notorious inmates that escaped at High Court Barkin Ladi.” 6. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has given new conditions for the reopening of schools. The union announced that among other things, the federal government must pay the salaries of some of the members that have not been paid. 7. No fewer than 25 health workers have been infected with Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Anambra State. Commissioner for Health in Anambra, Vincent Okpala, who confirmed this on Tuesday while speaking at the opening ceremony of a two-day COVID-19 Infection Prevention and Control Training of Trainers in Agulu, Anaocha Council Area of the state, said the infected health workers include two doctors, eight nurses, two laboratory technicians, among others. 8. Social media celebrity, Ismaila Mustapha, popularly called Mompha, on Tuesday, filed a suit seeking to compel the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to pay him N5 million as damages for alleged unlawful re-arrest and detention. Mompha in the suit filed on his behalf on Tuesday by his counsel, Mr. Gboyega Oyewole (SAN), Mustapha has begged the court to declare that his re-arrest and detention by the EFCC was unjustifiable and unlawful. 9. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Tuesday announced 410 new cases of COVID-19, bringing the total number of infections in the country to 49,895. The agency said till date, 49, 895 cases had been confirmed, 37,051 cases discharged and 981 deaths recorded in 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). 10. State Governments have urged the Federal Government to release the N2.1 billion support fund it promised as the fight against COVID-19 enters a critical stage. Commissioner for Health in Cross River State and acting chairman of Commissioners for Health Forum in Nigeria, Dr. Betta Edu, in a media chat in Abuja, said states were financially overstretched and needed to be helped financially.