Youths of Urueoffong Oruko local government area in Akwa Ibom State on Saturday staged a peaceful protest over what they described as “imposition of a Chairmanship candidate on them.” The youths who gathered around the LGA Secretariat carried placards, denouncing alleged Godfatherism. ‘Say no to imposition and nepotism’, “Urueoffong Oruko must be free from wicked cabals’ ‘Urueoffong Oruko will resist the imposition of any candidate’, ‘Say no to Godfatherism’ and ‘Urueoffong Oruko must elect their chairman comes October 2020’ among others. A report had emerged that a PDP Chieftain, Mrs Precious Selong, and a Vice-Chairman of the council is the consensus candidate in the forthcoming election. But the youths during the protest demanded to be allowed to elect the candidate of their choice, without the unnecessary imposition of a candidate. Led by Ben Okung, the youths said the wrong selection of an aspirant may stagnate the progress and popularity of the People’s Democratic Party(PDP) in the council area, adding that the protest is to show their disapproval of the candidate. “The entire youths and concerned elders of Urueoffong Oruko came out to express their minds through a peaceful protest informing the PDP leadership in the State and their listening Governor that they don’t want Mrs Precious Selong as their chairperson. “We are calling on our Governor who is the leader of the party to provide a level playing ground for all aspirants and their chosen candidate. Also speaking, party loyalist, Mr Emmanuel Okon frowned at the alleged removal of Colonel Sampson on the list of cleared aspirants by the party. He said it was very disappointing and a slap on the people of the area who cannot point to any project executed during the tenure of Mrs Selong as Vice Chairperson and Transition Chairperson of the LG for three years respectively. Another PDP stalwart in the council area, Elder Ante Ante explained that since the creation of the local government area in 1991 till date, there was nothing to show for the long existence of the LG. Ante emphasized that local government creation was done to transform rural communities to urban and semi-urban cities and not for personal investment. He called on Governor Udom Emmanuel, to harken to their plea by allowing all aspirants test their popularity at the LG Chairmanship election primaries slated for August 24, 2020.