Fifty persons are infected with HIV on a daily basis in Adamawa State. The state Coordinator of Network of People Living With HIV/AIDS, Farah James, who disclosed this to newsmen in Yola, also said about 36,000 people in the state are accessing HIV/AIDS treatment. Farah James who fielded questions from newsmen on the side of a programme launched by USAID in Yola to provide care for children orphaned by or vulnerable to HIV said adults and children were still being infected rather quietly across Adamawa State. She said, “I can say as a fact that at least 36,000 people are living with HIV/AIDS in Adamawa State. This is the number of people accessing treatment. I am sure a lot of others are affected whose status is unknown. Only a few people are agreeing to be tested voluntarily. This is because many people who are already exposed are afraid to go for voluntary testing because of the likelihood of being confirmed to be positive.” In direct response to a question on the extent of the infection, Farah James said, “Rate of infection is still high. On a daily basis, about 50 people test positive to HIV in Adamawa State. Just a few moments ago I was told on the phone that one person tested in my organisation came out positive. This person was to be wedded and for that reason, an HIV test was conducted on her. “Such is how most results are obtained: through pre-wedding testing as well as tests carried out on patients in Hospitals. If you go to a hospital for an ailment, the doctor may recommend HIV testing depending on your symptoms. We as an organisation get to know because we communicate with the relevant institutions.” Farah James spoke in the background of an intervention programme launched in Yola by USAID to provide support to over 76,000 children orphaned by HIV/AIDS. The programme termed Integrated Child Health and Social Services Award 4 (ICSSA 4), is to be implemented by Pro-Health International in the two states, according to USAID Mission Director, Stephen Haykin, who explained that the programme would provide comprehensive intervention to the vulnerable children in the benefiting states.