The immediate past Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Enugu State, Hon. Augustine Nnamani, has been reelected as Chairman of the Party alongside other 38 members of the State Executives (EXCO) of the party during a peaceful State Congress, held at the Michael Okpara Square, Enugu, on Saturday. The Congress which was conducted in strict compliance with the COVID-19 protocol and monitored by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), had in attendance, the Governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, his Deputy, Hon. Mrs. Cecilia Ezeilo, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, Senator Chukwuka Utazi and other members of the National Assembly from the State, Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Edward Ubosi and his colleagues, the Council Chairmen and other party bigwigs who were delegates. Voting commenced immediately after accreditation of 2,808 delegates, which was conducted by the Electoral Committee from the National Secretariat of the Party, headed by Dr. Ibrahim Umar, with China Nwanna as Secretary. Hon. Nnamani, who was a sole contestant for the post of the State Chairman scored 2,383 votes and was declared elected as the Chairman of the PDP in Enugu State, by the Electoral Committee Chairman, Dr. Umar. The immediate past State Deputy Chairman and Secretary of the Party, Hon. Innocent Ezeoha and Cletus C. Akalusi scored 2,171 votes and 2,029 votes, respectively. Addressing delegates, the Chairman of Electoral Committee, Dr. Umar, commended Gov. Ugwuanyi and other party leaders in the state for the peaceful conduct of the Congress, which he said was in line with the party’s guidelines. Speaking on behalf of INEC, Mrs. Ginika Uche Nwankwo, expressed satisfaction with the process and outcome of the Congress. Also speaking after casting his votes, Sen. Ekweremadu commended the orderly conduct of the exercise stressing that the PDP family in Enugu State has always been known for peaceful and “seamless” elections. In his acceptance, Hon. Nnamani, on behalf other elected officials of the party, thanked Gov. Ugwuanyi and other delegates for electing them. He also appreciated the INEC team and the party’s Electoral Committee for ensuring a successful, transparent and hitch-free exercise. Other elected members of the State Working Committee of the Party are, Barr. Christian C. Ani (Legal Adviser); Alphonsus Orji (Financial Secretary); Hon. Obiora Ugwuoke (Treasurer); Hon. Chief Jude Ugwu (Publicity Secretary); Hon. Onyeka Onwe (Auditor); Dr Christian Iyiani (Organising Secretary);Lady Vera Ezeuwgu (Woman Leader);Hon. Patrick Okoh (Youth Leader); Hon. Nnamdi Nwafor (Zonal Chairman, Enugu East); Rt. Hon. Michael Onyeze (Zonal Chairman, Enugu North); Ozo Okey Ozoani (Zonal Chairman, Enugu West); John M. Offor JP (Assistant Auditor); Hon. Barr. William Eze (Assistant Legal Adviser); Hon. Ik. Agbo (Assistant Financial Secretary); Barr. Kenneth O. Nnamdi (Assistant Publicity Secretary). ELECTED PDP ENUGU EAST ZONAL EXCO: Vincent Chukwu – Assistant Secretary. Mrs. Felicia Ije – Woman Leader. Hon. Chuka Ozokwor – Youth Leader. Hon. Umeadim Nkwonta – Assistant Organzing Secretary. Hon. Rose Eze – Assistant Treasurer. Hon. Sam C. Alum – Ex-Officio. Hon. Patience Ogbodo – Ex-Officio. ELECTED PDP ENUGU NORTH ZONAL EXCO: Hon. Augustine Ugwu – Assistant Secretary. Mrs. Nnenna-Agu Nwangwu – Woman Leader. Hon. Odo Osita Jideobi – Youth Leader. Hon. Casmir O. Ademu – Assistant Organzing Secretary. Hon. Chukwu M. Apeh – Assistant Treasurer. Hon. Onyebuchi Gerald Ezeagbo – Ex-Officio. Hon. Agatha OKoro – Ex-Officio. ELECTED PDP ENUGU WEST ZONAL EXCO: Hon. Benjamin Eneje – Assistant Secretary. Lolo Victoria Nwachukwu – Woman Leader. Emeka Chinevu K. – Youth Leader. Hon. Ugonna Ogbonna – Assistant Organzing Secretary. Chief Ogbonnaya Chukwu – Assistant Treasurer. Mrs Uche Onyefuru – Ex-Officio. Hon. Prince Goddy Iloegbu – Ex-Officio.