The Deputy Senate President, Sen. Ovie Omo-Agege, on Saturday, urged Nigerians to embrace the Community Policing initiative in order for President Muhammadu Buhari to adequately tackle the issues of insecurity in the country. Sen. Omo-Agege made the call at the 3rd Annual leadership lecture and graduation ceremony of the Centre LSD Leadership School, Effurun Study Centre, VREI. The event held at the PTI Conference Centre in Effurun, Uvwie Local Government Area of Delta State. Sen. Omo-Agege who, spoke on the theme: ‘leadership&the insecurity challenges in Nigeria’, noted that Africa is bedevilled with leadership and security challenges. Sen. Omo-Agege, who was represented by Hon. Chuks Erhirhe said there are growing incidences of insecurity both in intra-country and cross-border with security agencies calls for concern. He stressed that kidnappings, banditry, armed robbery, sea piracy and others have been the order of the day. The lawmaker said the duty of any responsible government is to allow for protection for its citizens and that’s why President Buhari is making efforts to ensure that the communities are secure by putting leadership in place. Sen. Omo-Agege said to achieve a safer country with a view to protecting the lives and properties of its citizenry the leaders of the various countries in Africa should be held accountable at all levels for their actions especially as it concerns insecurity in the land. According to Sen. Omo-Agege, “We must create the desired synergy between leadership and followership so that every leader will understand that he or she is also the following and every follower a leader. This is central to security in every community where they are leaders and followers.” The Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed Hafiz Inuwa and the Commanding Officer of the Nigerian Army 3 Battalion in Effurun, Lt.Col. Igue Omoke, were among other dignitaries that spoke at the event corroborated the lawmaker’s claim. Lt.Col. Omoke, who was represented by Maj. Suleiman Abdul and CP Inuwa was represented by Udebeotu Onyeke the reason for the high rate of insecurity in the country is as a result of the value system which has been drastically decreased. CP Inuwa urged the citizens to avail the security agencies with useful information so as to serve them better. Lt.Col. Omoke said leaders must get it right if the nation must overcome its security challenges.