The Peoples Democratic Party in Anambra State has rejected zoning of the governorship position in the state while disowning former governor of the state, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife and some other prominent members of the party who recently met and agreed to zone the governorship position on the state to the southern senatorial zone. The chairman of the party in the state, Mr Ndubuisi Nwobu who addressed journalists at the state party secretariat in Awka said the party had long made its stand clear that it will not support the zoning of the governorship position to any zone as it negates the constitutional right of those who seek to contest the position. “At no time did the state leadership of the party deliberate on zoning in Anambra State. You are conversant with the clear mandate of the party that only the party in the state can say if there is zoning or not. “We have members of BOT (board of trustees) in Anambra, we have two senators, seven House of Representatives members and six state House of Assembly members. Even the overall leader of the party in the state, Mr Peter Obi and the former governorship candidate of the party, Mr Oseloka Obaze and his deputy, Chudi Onyemelukwe are all there, so it is not a decision a few people in the state will just meet and agree on, without the others. “It will be completely out of place for us to say we have zoned the governorship. In every political party, there is a pressure group and you can not stop people from such agitation. The people who met have no one on the state leadership. “If there will be zoning, the party will take that action, not for people to come and say so after a meeting without the party making input. They said for themselves, and may I also tell you that it is the constitutional right of the people to contest, so you can not use zoning to shut some people out of their legitimate rights.” Recall that recently, the former governor of the state, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife met with some members of the party and agreed that the position of the governor be zoned to the south of the state. Speaking on the chances of the party to win the 2021 governorship election, Nwobu said, “Our party is adequately positioned to reclaim power in Anambra. It is our appeal that all hands be on deck to achieve the same. “Today, among those who have indicated interest in running for governor under our platform are distinguished men and women with proven track records of excellence and academic attainments. They understand the problem of our state and will hit the ground running if elected into office. “We wish to assure each and every one of them that we, working in synergy with our national leadership, will conduct a very transparent, free and fair party primaries, from the processes to the final determination of a candidate for our great party. Our destination for 2021 is Agu-Awka government house.”