Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemates Brighto and Wathoni were again on Thursday night seen together under the duvet. Recall that Brighto on Wednesday night professed his feelings for Wathoni while they were on the same bed. He told Wathoni that he liked her and “wants her to remain in the house.” They were sighted under the duvet on Thursday night with alleged movement as alleged by viewers. This has raised questions considering that Ozo and Nengi were also seen in an awkward position last night. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Gwen_scholar “ Oh there was a duvet movement between Brighto and Wathoni. It must be delicious.” @AlfieElkins “ Well, Lord Baelish finally put his little finger to good use.” @Glowboy “ Brighto and Wathoni”, please fingering will do, for now, I promise to stan you guys after, ask Kidd and Erica fan I stick to my promises.“ @BBnaijavibes “These two. Brighto and Wathoni are horny and were using conversations as a distraction to what was happening under the duvet. Look at their hands. I love this ship sha.” @Cynthiaosham “ Na wa Wathoni and Brighto under duvet, Ozo and Nengi same thing, Kidd and Erica, Vee and Neo, abeg wetin happen seems like this is ultimatelove2. Is there something else they promised lovers on the show.” @Bekaiyeblessing “ Why are they always hiding under the duvet to do these stuff? Is it a rule in Biggies house? @Kidd_advocate “ Don’t be fooled the power of premeditation at work. Fear Brighto’s little finger.” @Dunamisemmax “ So Brighto is already fingering Wathoni under the duvet. Wow.” @Rachelokoye1 “ Lord Belish himself searching for the promised land.” @Olajuwon “ One man down. We have lost one of the Ministers of God to the world.” @Psalmuel4real “ Brighto and Wathoni doing the real deal under the duvet… Kayode just switched camera like that.” Video: See, the truth of the matter is that #Wathoni and #Brighto did something last night while others were sleeping #BBNaijaLocdown2020 #BlameItOnErica #LayCruiser pic.twitter.com/4bMLCyNa72 — Nwachukwu John Owen (@johnowen99) August 21, 2020