Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Borno State Governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, has said that the explanation given to him by the military field commanders on the attack on his convoy and general security situation in Baga town was not acceptable to the government and people of the state. Zulum who spoke to newsmen in Maiduguri called on the people of the state to rise up in support of the government and against saboteurs in the military through collective efforts in order to win the ongoing fight against insurgency in the northeast. 2. The Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has announced that worship centres in the state will reopen on Friday, August 7. Sanwo-Olu confirmed this during a media briefing on Saturday. While churches and mosques will be allowed to reopen, nightclubs will remain shut. The Governor also increased public gatherings’ capacity from 20 to 50 people. 3. Senator Barnabas Gemade of the Social Democratic Party, SDP, has again decamped to the All Progressives Congress, APC. Gemade, who was the candidate of the SDP in the last general election dumped the party at the weekend in his village, Gemade, Mbajov, Mbawar Council Ward of Konshisha Local Government Area of Benue State. 4. The Niger State Police Command on Saturday confirmed the death of seven ladies from generator fume. The tragedy occurred on Friday at Rijau town in Rijau Local Government Area. Adamu Usman, Commissioner of Police, made the confirmation in Minna, the state capital. 5. Nigeria has currently recorded 43,537 confirmed cases of coronavirus. This followed the confirmation of 386 new cases of COVID-19 in the country by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, as at Saturday night. Statistics provided by the NCDC showed that Abuja has the highest number of confirmed new COVID-19 cases with 130 infected persons while Lagos has 65, followed by Ondo State with 37. 6. No fewer than 42 appointees of Governor Godwin Obaseki have resigned their appointments from the service of the state. There are speculations that more will tender their resignation. They refused to join Obaseki when he moved to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), hence the need to step down from his government. 7. The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) has topped the list of states with new cases in Nigeria, for the third consecutive day. On Saturday night, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced 386 new cases in 17 states and the FCT. While 130 new infections were recorded in the FCT, Lagos was second with 65. 8. A member of the Lagos State House of Assembly, David Setonji, has cried out over the drowning of 14 persons. The incident occurred on Wednesday. Setonji said the increasing use of waterways was caused by the total collapse of Lagos-Badagry expressway. Ten persons died and four others still missing after a boat en route Badagry capsized at Kirikiri. Setonji (Badagry Constituency II) said on Saturday that he was devastated by the pictures of the victims. 9. The Attah of Igala, Micheal Idakwo Ameh-Oboni ll, has dissolved the Board of Trustees (BOT) and the National Executive Council (NEC) of Igala Cultural Development Association (ICDA). He also endorsed the constitution of a 20-member Interim National Working Committee. The monarch’s decision was contained in a statement on Saturday by his Secretary, Yunusa Idachaba. The traditional ruler decried the recent events in the ICDA, noting that they fell short of Igala Kingdom’s aspirations. 10. Arsenal on Saturday, won the FA Cup, after a 2-1 win over Chelsea at Wembley Stadium. The Gunners started the game on the back foot and allowed their London rivals to take the lead within five minutes. But they equalized and Aubameyang scored the winner for Mikel Arteta’s side to lift the cup.