Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on Wednesday during a state broadcast said that only students in SS3 classes would resume revision classes on August 10 due to the prevailing COVID-19 pandemic. Fayemi said that pupils in Junior Secondary School (JSS3) and primary six classes would not be resuming on that date. The governor said that the state was making arrangements for their resumption at a later date. According to him, he has directed that random samples of some of the students and teachers who would be resuming on August 10 should be taken for testing so as to be able to assess the state’s risk level. Fayemi also said that he had approved that religious centres be opened from August 14, but with a caveat that there should be no multiple services. Recall that the Ekiti State Government had announced August 3, 2020, as the resumption date for pupils and students in graduating classes. Fayemi said: “From our experience, we have successfully treated and discharged about sixty-seven cases in Ekiti today while we still have about 83 active cases. “So far, we have, regrettably, recorded 2 deaths which occurred because the 2 cases were brought in when their situations had gone beyond control. “You will also notice that we have recorded more cases since last month when I addressed you. “At the beginning of July, Ekiti had forty-three cases, twenty-eight treated and discharged while thirteen were active. As at today, Ekiti has recorded 152 cases in all. “In line with the COVID-19 protocols for school reopening, the state government is supplying the schools with a water dispensing system each, for handwashing. “The government is also supplying the schools with adequate alcohol-based hand-sanitiser and infrared thermometers. “It must, however, be noted that parents are to provide their children with at least two face masks, each as a precondition for admittance into the school premises. “Training of some teachers who have been selected as focal persons on how to handle basic health issues cases will also commence. “Furthermore, we have constituted a team to visit the schools and ensure that everything enumerated in the protocols is strictly adhered to. “Only Friday Jumat for Muslims, Saturday Sabbath for Adventists and Sunday Services for other Christian denominations are allowed. “Weekly and vigil services are not to be held in the meantime, while all traditional worships or festivals that demand large gatherings of devotees remain suspended until further notice.”