The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, National Working Committee, NWC, has been called upon to unite behind the party’s governorship candidate in Ondo State, Eyitayo Jegede like the state governor, Rotimi Akeredolu did with Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC. The Vanguard for Justice and Fairness in PDP (VJF), made the call while stating that doing anything other than supporting the party’s flag bearer in the October 10 election is a disservice to the party and may ruin the chances of winning the election. The party cautioned members of PDP NWC and other party heavy weights to desist from any act that can work against the overall interest of the party. In a statement by the VJF President, Malam Abubakar Abagi, said the group it is worried over the growing disaffection particularly among the top leadership of the PDP over “anti-party activities” by ranking officials of the party and leaders following the victory of Jegede at the primaries. “It has come to our knowledge that some top party leaders are not happy over the victory of Mr Jegede over Ajayi’s loss at the PDP governorship primaries and are beginning to show tacit support for Ajayi to leave the party and withdrawing their support for Mr Jegede who clearly won in a transparent process. “We are fully aware that Mr Jegede is seen by these unhappy leaders as being a follower of the political ideology championed by the former vice president and PDP candidate in the 2019 presidential election, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. However, Mr Jegede still remains the choice of the people of Ondo State and the entire PDP followers in the state and that should be respected. “We can’t to go into the election with a divided house as APC members in the state are on a daily basis uniting and closing ranks while we are busy with anti-party activities that may ruin our chances of kicking Rotimi Akeredolu and his All Progressives Party (APC) out of power and free people of Ondo State from the grip of poor governance.” Abagi pointed out that Governor Akeredolu was in Lagos recently to introduce his running mate, Lucky Aiyedatiwa, to one of his erstwhile political antagonists, Ahmed Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC. He wondered at the new found love between the duo and noted that such development is a pointer to the reality that discord among top PDP stakeholders in the state at this crucial time is a serious goof on the part of the leaders. “If Akeredolu could unite with Tinubu, I don’t see why the victory of Jegede should be a problem to our leaders. “We, therefore, call on the national chairman of our great party, the PDP, Mr Uche Secondus, to rise to the occasion by rallying all party leaders and faithful behind our candidate, Mr Eyitayo Jegede to victory. He owes all of us that responsibility of bringing peace and harmony at this very important time. “We are seriously appealing to the deputy governor, Hon. Agboola Ajayi, not to dump the party at this crucial time when the party needs his experience and support to win the October 10 election. “For the avoidance of doubt, Hon. Ajayi remains a valuable and respected members of the PDP. We, therefore, urged the NWC and other top leaders of the PDP to quickly move to Ondo State and reconcile all sides, in the interest of the party regardless of who won and lost the primaries. Showing tacit support to preferential candidate other than the party’s flag bearer will spell doom for us all,” Abagi said.