Less than 24 hours after he was murdered, the late member of Bauchi State House of Assembly, Honourable Musa Mante Baraza, was on Friday buried in Dass. This is as the state governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, said he received the news of Baraza’s killing by unknown gunmen with shock and described the demise of the lawmaker as a great loss to the state. According to a statement by the governor’s Senior Special Assistant on Media, Muktar Gidado, Governor Mohammed stated this when he led top government officials on a condolence visit to the palace of Emir of Dass and the residence of the deceased. The governor sympathized with the immediate family of the lawmaker, Dass Emirate council and members of the state House of Assembly over the loss. While promising to take stiffer measures to address security concerns in the area, Governor Mohammed assured the constituents of the late lawmaker of his administration’s commitment to guaranteeing the security of their lives and properties. He said the state government will work in collaboration with security agencies with a view to fishing out those involved in killing of Baraza for them to be brought to justice. “Innalillahi Wainna Ilaihi Raji’un. I received the killing of our lawmaker by unknown gunmen with great shock and that has shown that we need to put extra efforts in collaboration with the security agencies to ensure the safety of our people. “With this unfortunate incident, Bauchi State Government will work in close collaboration with security agencies to identify those involved in the killing so that they will face the full wrath of the law,” the governor said. He then prayed that Almighty Allah will receive the soul of the departed and comfort his family. Meanwhile, the late lawmaker was laid to rest in Dass on Friday in accordance with Islamic rites. The funeral prayers were led by the Chief Imam of Dass Central Mosque with thousands of sympathisers, including the Emir of Dass, Alhaji Usman Bilyaminu Othman, Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Rt Hon Abubakar Suleiman, who led other members of the Assembly to attend the final interment among other personalities, in attendance. The Clerk of the Assembly, Umar Gital, informed that the late Baraza was buried at the Dass central burial ground after the funeral prayers. He added that the state government delegation to the funeral was led by the Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Mohammed Sadiq, who is from Dass Local Government Area. “After the burial, the Rt. Hon. Speaker led other members to the palace of the Emir of Dass, Alhaji Usman Biliyaminu Othman, on the condolence. “Then, the Speaker also led the members to the deceased’s village, Baraza, on a condolence visit. They also paid a condolence visit to the village head,” Vital informed in a telephone chat. He added that the state Chairman of the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC), Alhaji Uba Nana, was also in attendance with some of his party officials.