A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Dr. Garus Gololo, has advised governors and leaders of South West, Nigeria, to tread cautiously, if their agitation for power shift in 2023 is anything to go by. Speaking with journalists in Abuja on Thursday, Gololo said, the idea of running a full-fledged armed security outfit at the geopolitical zonal level and refusing to allow its integration into the planned Federal Government’s Community Policing program, could jeopardize the chances of the Yoruba people in clinching the presidency come 2023. Southwest governors had last year, launched a seemingly community security movement across the 6 states of the region, codenamed ‘Amotekun’. The Federal Government kicked against having such security network across the states and moved to proscribe it. The governors, however, swiftly made the bill establishing ‘Amotekun’ passed through the Houses of Assembly of various states. Having passed the bill and assented to by various governors, the security outfit was officially launched two weeks ago in Ondo State, after the first set of volunteers passed out from the training. Speaking on a Television program on Tuesday, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media, Mallam Garba Shehu, said ‘Amotekun’ cannot operate outside the structures laid down by the Nigeria Police authorities. Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, while responding to Mallam Shehu’s statement, insisted the ‘Amotekun’ would not be subsumed by the Nigeria’s security authorities. This statement was also corroborated by Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state, while addressing Local Government Council Chairmen, stressing that the Federal Government would not be allowed to control the ‘Amotekun’ structures. But Gololo, while responding to questions, underscored the importance of having a community policing network, in the face of insecurity in the country. “But saying a particular region wants to have its own security network outside the control of the Federal Government is a ridicule to the essence of national security. “Nigeria is a sovereign state and since we still practice federalism, it is very imperative for the Federal Government to do all within her capacity to keep the nation as one. “If the leaders of South West are serious about seeking power to return to the region in 2023, then ‘Amotekun’ is their least worries. They should allow the Nigeria’s security agency design the operational modules for ‘Amotekun’ as a community police. “Except they are telling us that ‘Amotekun’ means different thing from what we know. There is no harm in allowing the Inspector-General of Police to supervise the activities of people who are trained to carry gun. We should work for the interest of one Nigeria, if they have the interest of this nation at heart and also seek to lead the country in 2023”, Gololo added.