Kano State Government has announced designated 12 centres for students of the 33 public boarding secondary schools, to write the West African Examination Council (WAEC) examination. WAEC examination is scheduled to start on Aug. 17. Students of boarding schools are expected to resume Aug. 9 while those of day secondary schools would resume on Aug. 10. Alhaji Bello Shehu, Executive Secretary, Kano State Secondary Schools Management Board (KSSSMB), told newsmen in the state that students from GGUC Kachako, GGSS Sumaila and GGSS Albasu would sit for the examination at Government Girls Unity College, Kachako. He said that Government Girls College, Kano was designated as examination centre for students of the GGSS Kura and GGSS Madobi, NAN reports. While students of the GGASS Danbatta and GGASS Tudun Wada are to write the examination at Government Girls Arabic College Goron Dutse. Shehu added: “Students of the GGSS Kwa will write their examination at Government Girls College Dala and those of the GGSS Yar Gaya and GGSS Kabo are to converge at Government Girls Secondary School Shekara. “Those of the GGC Gezawa and GGSS Jambaki are to meet at Government Girls Secondary School Jogana.
“While GSS Kafin Mai-Yaki, GC Tudun Wada and GSS Kwankwaso are to write their examination at Government Secondary School Karaye. “Students of the GSS Rano, GASS Tsangaya and GSS Ajingi are to meet at Government Secondary School Sumaila.” Shehu added other examination centres are GSS Danbatta for students of the GSS Bichi and GSS Bagwai and GSCS Wudil, while those of the GSS Dawakin Tofa would write the examination at Government Secondary School Gwarzo. According to him, students of the GSS Tudun Maliki and Chinese Bilingual College are to remain in their respective schools. The secretary added that students of other 161 public schools would sit for the examination in their respective schools
He advised parents to ensure that their wards reported to the designated centers on Sunday, August 9. Shehu disclosed that the new centers were set up to protect students and curb further spread of COVID-19 pandemic.