The Abia State Government has directed relevant ministries in the state to disclose details of COVID-19 donations and expenditures. The state Executive Council, EXCO, said the details must be made public before the end of the week. A statement by John Okiyi Kalu, Commissioner for Information in the state said the council gave the directed at a meeting presided over by the state Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, yesterday at the Banquet Hall of the state’s Government House in Umuahia, the state capital. The council also made some resolutions on issues affecting the state. According to Kalu, issues relating to security, peace and development across the state was resolved. The statement reads: “Council reviewed issues on security, peace and rapid development of the state and resolved as follows: “That the fight against COVID-19 which has witnessed appreciable success in the state be sustained and given new impetus in the area of community sensitization on preventive measures, testing and management of patients. “Council directed the state inter-ministerial committee on COVID-19, led by Barr Chris Ezem, and the Ministry of Finance to publish details of received donations and expenditure related to the fight against the virus in national dailies before the end of the current week. “Council directed the ministry of environment and ASEPA to review and rejig current waste management strategy in the state with a view to ensuring visible and appreciable improvement in the area of disposal and collection of refuse, and charged the ministry of trade and investment to collaborate with Transition Council Chairmen in the state to ensure that all markets are cleaned regularly in a sustainable manner. “Council emphasized the need for all ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs) to ensure strict compliance with employment regulations in the state public service including obtaining and strictly following the terms of employment waivers. Council also emphasized that the embargo on employment is still in force. “Council directed the setting up of a committee through the office of Secretary to the State Government to check employment racketeering in the state, with the Deputy Chief of Staff, Office of the Deputy Governor, Sir Don Ubani, as Chairman. Other members include Permanent Secretaries of ministry of education and Government House and representatives of women group and the clergy. “Council directed the ministry of tourism & culture to complete the classification of hotels in the state in line with international standards and publish same including the basis of classification for public knowledge. “Council directed the setting up of a task force on transportation and proliferation of bus and tricycle parks to be headed by Captain Awa Udensi (rtd). “Council directed the Commissioner for Housing and the state Head of Service to invite the state leadership of the Nigerian Society of Engineers to evaluate relevant government secretariats to ensure structural fidelity and make recommendations to the government. “Council approved the remodeling plan of Nsulu Games Village with a view to modernizing the facility.”