The Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, has asked President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressives Congress, to stop pushing Nigeria towards the 1983 crisis that led to collapse of democracy. Describing Adams Oshiomhole as a disgraced former APC factional Chairman, the coalition said Buhari must call the former Governor to order before his actions instigate electoral violence that will consume democracy. CUPP said the attempt to use former members of Edo State House of Assembly whose seats have been declared vacant to take over the House is an invitation to anarchy and an act of treason. The Coalition urged the Edo Governor, Godwin Obaseki to mobilise the citizens to resist political bandits using provision of Section 20 of the criminal code. CUPP praises Obaseki for showing maturity in the face of unwarranted
provocation but says the red line must be drawn In a statement signed by Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere, the Spokesman for the Opposition Coalition and made available to DAILY POST on Thursday, CUPP said it was disturbed by the news of forceful take over of the Edo State House of Assembly by men of the Nigeria Police Force. “Opposition Coalition views this development taking place in a democracy as an affront to all our past and present heroes who fought hard for the entronement of democracy in the country,” the statement added. “The attempt to use former members of Edo House of Assembly whose seats have been declared vacant to take over the House is an invitation to anarchy and an act of treason. “We, therefore, call on President Muhammadu Buhari and his men to halt all actions and inactions capable of pushing the nation towards a crisis
like the 1983 crisis that led to collapse of democracy. “We also urge the President to call the disgraced former factional chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole and his desperate followers, to order before his actions in Edo State instigate electoral violence that will consume the nation and its hard-won democracy. “The CUPP also calls upon the Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, to mobilise the citizens of the state to resist these political bandits. “In doing so, the governor is urged to invoke the provisions of Section 20 of the Criminal Code and mobilise the citizens to exercise their constitutional right to stop people flouting the laws or carrying out criminal activities in their presence “We however praised the governor for showing maturity so far in the face of unwarranted provocation. We advise him that while he is displaying maturity, the red line must be drawn. “No one person, no matter how highly placed, should be above the law. The
governor must be ready to protect the people of the state and his mandate from predators. “We shall be watching developments in the state and the entire nation with great attention and we ask all lovers of democracy both at home and abroad to join us in doing so.”