A popular song by Fela Anikulapo Kuti has the line, “You be thief! You be rogue.” How else can one explain that a candidate running for Governor of a State is carrying corruption baggage? The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) had in suit No. FHC/BE21C/ 2016, filed an eight-count charge against Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu and other defendants, over alleged illegal receipt of public funds to the tune of N700million for the purpose of the 2015 general elections. Ize-Iyamu was accused of conspiring to commit the offence in March 2015, and of taking the money without executing any contract awarded. These funds were meant for national security and defence; for policemen, soldiers and for the upkeep of their families in case of injury or death. The ‘Pastor’ is in court to answer how he allegedly collected and disbursed the funds. Can we fear God please? For the sake of argument, let us put the case to one side briefly. Can the ‘Pastor’ account for the funds he allegedly collected for the dualization of Okada road? The funds for construction of Aniegbette Bridge in Edo North; the funds for construction of Lucky road and Textile road. Projects we did not see, money we did not see. He should pray very hard and resurrect the people that lost their lives or had accidents on the roads. He should bring back the pensioners that died on queues because he allegely held their payment. Even if he wants a second chance to redeem the public looting of Edo treasury and the broad daylight robbery of the citizens (dead, living and unborn), he must refund the billions his campaign head, Adams Oshiomhole, had severally alleged that he looted. By the way, nobody should be surprised that the disgraced former party chairman turned campaign messenger is supporting him. There is a very good reason for this: Africans believe in the power of names and Oshiomhole interpreted in the Yoruba language means “rubbish does not know stealing.” Oshiomhole is only answering the name because he has no concept of right from wrong. Instead of him thinking about his life, he returned to Edo to be the ‘boy boy’ for the same person he accused of corruption. The honest truth is that both men can be best described as beasts of no nation. Adedapo Samuel is a public affairs commentator
adedaposamuelwrites@gmail.com
09099165007