General Zamani Lekwot rtd, has said that those calling for his execution and others in connection with the 1992 Zangon Kataf crisis should not die again. He explained that those that called for his execution are playing a script from the White Paper committee recently set up by the Kaduna State government to review the 1992 Zangon Kataf crisis. Speaking in an interview with journalists at the 3rd prayer session organized by the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Kaduna state chapter on Sunday in Kaduna, Lekwot said, “Everyone would die. Nobody will live forever. Those who said what they said, will they not die? No one knows how they will die. General Lekwot added, “You see, what they said is a replay of a smokescreen, to hide the truth and divert attention. What is the relationship between what happened in Zangon Kataf 28 years ago and the massive Killings going on in Southern Kaduna and the country.” General Lekwot, who was also the former military Governor of Rivers State, noted that all religious leaders are expected to preach peace, and wondered why some people are preaching hate and religious violence. He explained, “28 years ago the killings in Zangon Kataf was unfortunate, but the genesis was a dispute of relocation of a market, at the end of the day a commission of inquiry was set up, and recommendations were made. All of them have been implemented. So, those referring to it have been clever by half. What we need in the country is genuine tolerance.” General Lekwot further explained, “Now by saying what they said, they have just confirmed why armed foreign bandits have been imported into our country to destroy our country. How does what they said address the issues at hand? What is happening in Southern Kaduna and other parts of the country is a bad omen for our unity and stability.” He spoke against the comments of the Operation Safe Haven Commander who said that criminal elements on both sides are responsible for the crisis in Southern Kaduna, stressing that his statement was a very unfortunate one coming from a military commander. As a professional, he added, security people are supposed to be neutral in everything, to inculcate confidence in the people. He called on Christians all over the country to pray for the peace of Southern Kaduna and other parts of the country, stressing that, “Nigerians should continue to pray so that not only Southern Kaduna but other parts of the country will have peace, at the end of the day, Nigeria deserves peace. General Lekwot enjoined the people of Southern Kaduna not to attack anybody, adding, “lt is not in our character to attack people, we love peace. We should not allow anyone to attack us, we should protect ourselves but above all, our primary weapon is prayer. “We should ensure internal vigilance so that anywhere you notice any suspicious movement, you please report to any nearby security post or traditional ruler so that immediate action can be taken before damage is done.”