A hit-and-run driver has reportedly killed a young girl in Onitsha, Anambra State. DAILY POST gathered that the girl was hit while crossing the road by a vehicle that was not immediately identified, but the victim who was taken to a hospital in a tricycle was confirmed dead on arrival. RC Pascal A. Anigbo, Sector Public Education Officer for Anambra command of the Federal Road Safety Corps confirmed the incident, saying the victim had already been confirmed dead before men of the command got to the hospital. He said, “The driver whose identity was not captured knocked down a female adult who was crossing the expressway at Okpoko Junction Onitsha, today, Wednesday, 12th August, 2020. According to eyewitnesses, the incident occurred around 8am. They said the vehicle was on top speed and fled after knocking the woman down. “The victim was rushed in a Tricycle to Toronto Hospital Onitsha by her parents, before the arrival of the FRSC rescue team from Upper Iweka Unit Command. On arriving the hospital, the team gathered that doctors had confirmed her dead. The corpse was deposited at the morgue, in the same hospital. Meanwhile, about 10 persons have been injured in another accident at Ihiala, Anigbo told DAILY POST. He said, “Another report reaching us from Ihiala, states that a serious road traffic crash involving a Toyota Hiace with enlistment number CAL15XJ and an Actros Tanker with registration number FGG176YU occurred near KM Filling Station, along Ihiala-Onitsha expressway. “Time of crash was 8.20 am. A total of fifteen (15) people (6 male adults and 9 female adults) were involved. Ten(10) victims (4 males and 6 females) sustained varying degrees of injuries. No death recorded. “The injured victims were rushed to our Lady of Lourdes Hospital Ihiala, by FRSC rescue team from Ihiala Unit Command. Obstructions have been cleared and normal traffic flow ensured,” Anigbo said. He added that the Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps, Anambra State, CC Andrew A. Kumapayi strongly warns road users against crossing the expressways. He said pedestrians must endeavour to always use pedestrian bridges, to avoid being knocked over by vehicles plying the expressway. He also warns drivers against speeding. “Drivers should always drive with common sense speed limits so that they can easily control their vehicles, in the event of any emergency. A maximum speed limit of 50km/hr is recommended for cars, within built-up areas.