A human rights activist, Comrade Adeniyi Sulaiman, has called on the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Adamu Muhammed, to direct the Oyo State Commissioner of Police (CP), Joe Enwonwu, to produce the prime suspected escapee serial killer, Sunday Shodipe, within 14-days. Oyo State Police Command had on Sunday announced that the suspected serial killer, Shodipe had escaped from police custody. DAILY POST had reported that Shodipe had earlier been arrested in connection with a series of killings in Akinyele local government area of the state. He and two others were paraded last month in connection with killings of Barakat Bello, Azeezat Shomuyiwa and others. The convener of Centre for Human Rights and Social Justice (CHRS), Adeniyi also called on the authority of the Police Service Commission (PSC) to set up an independent panel of enquiry to investigate the mind boggling matter, saying that the plead of the Oyo CP, was not tenable in any sane clime. He said that all the Police officers in charge of the case of serial killer should be arrested and charge for prosecution for negligence and dereliction of duty. In a statement signed by Comrade Sulaiman on Monday, stated that it was the duty of Police to arrest and save keeping of the suspect in its custody for possible prosecution. Sulaiman condemned the outburst of the State Police Commissioner that the general public should be on the lookout for immediate re-arrest of Shodipe, and such should not be the duty of the general public. He totally rejected the Police boss’ position on re-arresting of the escapee serial killer, stressing that the Police should be up to task with their constitutional responsibility of protecting the lives and property of the citizenry and as well arresting of criminals. He, therefore, accused the Oyo State Command of the Nigeria Police Force (NPF) of complicity on the matter, adding that if the fourteen days ultimatum lapsed without re-arresting of Shodipe, CHRSJ would not hesitate to approach the Court of competent jurisdiction to seek payment of damages to the family of all the victims of serial killings in the Local Government area of the state.