The Northern Governors’ Forum has reacted to the latest attack in Southern Kaduna which claimed over 22 lives on Wednesday night. The Governors condemned the attack, even as the perpetrators are yet to be arrested. Recall that gunmen attacked four Atyap villages in Zangon Kataf Local Government Area (LGA) of Kaduna State killing over 20 people and leaving many others injured. Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Plateau State, Simon Bako Lalong, in a statement on Thursday night, said the persistent attacks on villages in the area raises serious concern and condemnation. The Forum noted that the recent attack shows the desperate attempt by criminal elements to cause pain and sorrow among innocent citizens. Lalong also said that it was to frustrate the efforts of the Kaduna State Government at fostering peace and harmony. He said “we are deeply saddened by this cycle of violence and blood-letting that is carried out against unarmed and helpless people. “This is reprehensible and regrettable. While we call on the security agencies to rise up to the occasion and apprehend these criminals, we also encourage the citizens to assist with relevant intelligence that will lead to the arrest of these bloodthirsty people”. Lalong also said the Governors in the region maintain their position that any group or individual that is aggrieved for whatsoever reason should seek redress through official channels than resort to killing innocent citizens. The Forum commiserated with the victims of the recent attack and the Government of Kaduna State. DAILY POST reported yesterday that no fewer than 22 persons, mostly women and children were killed in the early hours of Thursday by suspected Fulani militias in four villages in Zangon Kataf Local Government Area of Kaduna State. The attacked villages were Apyiashyim, Atak’mawai, Kibori, and Kurmin Masara all in Atyap Chiefdom of Zangon Kataf Local Government Area. The affected villages, according to report, were largely burnt by the attackers, who according to accounts of survivors, included local Fulani born and raised in the villages. The fresh killings came in the midst of the 24-hour curfew imposed by the Governor Nasir El-Rufai-led government as part of measures put in place to ensure law and order in the area since June following an unrest in Zangon Kataf that resulted in the alleged killing of a farmer in a farmland.