Ondo State Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi, has declared that only Governor Rotimi Akeredolu and his family were running the state government. Agboola is the governorship candidate of the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) in the forthcoming governorship election in the state. He spoke in reaction to Akeredolu’s alarm of plot to release fake documents to embarrass him and his family. The governor’s campaign spokesman, Olabode Richard, had stated that Ajayi engaged the services of printers in Ondo town and Akure to print fake documents and receipts of transactions allegedly made by Akerdolu’s family members and government officials. “The Akeredolu administration’s proclivity for transparency and accountability has made it a difficult task for anyone to discredit his administration. We shall inexorably sustain the civil, issues-based and persuasive campaigns that had been enunciated from the beginning of this process”, he said. In his response, Agboola dismissed the claim, noting that the governor was being haunted by his deeds. “The fact that the family of Akeredolu is running the government is an open secret to everyone in Ondo State and don’t need any document, either clone or otherwise, to prove that”, The Nation quoted him as saying. “The wife of the governor has about six projects which she used to siphon money while the son is the consultant to the board of IGR and has access to N4bn stashed in an account where he got ten per cent of the money.” Agboola added that people don’t need documents “to show that the government of Akeredolu is the government of father, mother and son and in-laws. This is why people are clamouring for his exit from the state.” On Friday, Jimoh Ibrahim joined the All Progressives Congress (APC). He boasted that Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) candidate, Eyitayo Jegede, will lose the election. Ibrahim disclosed that one of the reasons he joined the APC was Akeredolu’s efforts to resuscitate Olusegun Agagu University of Science and Technology he said ex-Governor Segun Mimiko abandoned. The businessman called Mimiko a treacherous character who betrayed his close friends and political associates. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has scheduled the governorship poll for October 10.