PDP chieftain, Dr. Jimoh Ibrahim on Friday decamped to the All Progressives Congress (APC). Ibrahim was received into the APC by the state chairman of the party, Engr. Ade Adetimehin and handed over to the state Governor, Arakunrin Oluwarotimi Akeredolu SAN, at an event attended by former Governor of Borno state, Senator Ali Modu Sheriff. While being received into the party, Jimoh Ibrahim said the PDP in Ondo State is dead. The business mogul who disclosed that he revived the PDP from death said he will use the same strategy to kill the party in the forthcoming governorship election. He stressed that even if the candidate of the PDP, Eyitayo Jegede SAN, expends all the resources at his disposal on the election, he will still lose to Governor Akeredolu. The business mogul who said he has tried so much not to talk about the Zenith Labour Party, ZLP, described the party as a backward train with serial betrayers on board. He stated that he joined the APC because of Governor Akeredolu’s giant strides across the state, particularly his efforts on the resuscitation of the Olusegun Agagu University of Science and Technology which was abandoned by the Mimiko administration for eight years. He described Mimiko s a man with serial treacherous character, spanning across decades of betrayals of his close friends and political associates. “The day Governor Akeredolu came to this University and I was conducting him round. I told him that I will name the roads in this University after all former Governors in this state except Mimiko. “Immediately Governor Akeredolu shouted at me. He said that was a bad thing to do. I just laughed. Inside me, I said Mimiko will soon show you the stuff he’s made of. He’s a very treacherous man. Treachery dwells inside him. He can sell anybody. He betrayed Adefarati, Agagu and even sold Jegede.” Receiving Ibrahim into the APC, the state Chairman, Engr. Ade Adetimehin said the APC parades an array of leaders of integrity and proven character across the state. He described the decision of Jimoh Ibrahim to join the APC as one informed by the quality of people the reputation of the party is attracting to its fold.