The Ilorin Zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has recovered an additional N130m from treasury looters for Kwara State. The new zonal head of the commission, DCDS Oseni Kazeem Oluwasina, disclosed this during a courtesy visit with the management of the zonal office to Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq in Ilorin on Wednesday. He told the governor that “We are here to deter people from committing economic and financial crimes in the society, we all know that crime is inevitable in our society, but the anti-graft agency is here to fish out the criminal elements and deal with them according to the provisions of the laws.” The EFCC zonal head stated that “The Acting Chairman of the agency, Umar Muhammed, has directed that we must act according to the provisions of the law and that is not negotiable, we will continue to operate within the provisions of the law. “It is my pleasure to pay you a courtesy visit, we felt obliged to pay you a courtesy visit and identify with your good governance, which allows the populace to enjoy the dividends of democracy,” he added. Oluwasina appreciated the support of the state government and the entire people of the state so far, urging the people to provide information that will assist the commission to know the criminal elements in the society. Responding, governor Abdulrazaq declared his support for the anti-graft agency in the fight against corruption. “Is a good thing you are here I thank you for the service you rendered for Kwara state, humanity and Nigeria as a whole. “EFCC is an organisation that must not be allowed to collapse, all the stakeholders must support the commission in achieving its mandate as regards the fight against corruption,” he asserted. He said “Your efforts helped us to stabilise our government, I recall in May 2019, at the eve of the handing over of government, when about N4b came to the account of the state government, some corrupt government officials attempted to withdraw the money and share it, but EFCC blocked them, we appreciate your contributions so far,” Abdulrazaq added.