Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Some aggrieved indigenes of Southern Kaduna, on Saturday, agreed on a peace deal, in a bid to put an end to the protracted crisis in the area. The peace deal, which was reached during a meeting between the Atyap, Fulani and Hausa communities in the area, was convened by His Highness, the Agwatyap, Dominic Gambo Yahaya at the Mariyamu and Yakubu Event Centre in Ungwan Wakili. 2. Wife of the President, Aisha Buhari has confirmed the flight incident that nearly claimed her life and that of her daughter, Hanan on Friday. Confirming the incident in a series of tweets on Saturday night, Aisha commended the crew of the Airforce flight for the courage in managing the dangerous movement. 3. A former aide to ex-President Shehu Shagari, Tanko Yakassai, has insisted that Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, was better than President Muhammadu Buhari. Yakassai, who was a liaison officer to former President Shehu Shagari, said if given the opportunity, Tinubu would perform better than Buhari, saying that the efforts of the APC National Leader in transforming Lagos State when he was governor were indications that he is more competent than Buhari. 4. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Saturday accused the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila of frustrating corruption investigations by the lower chamber. While urging the Speaker to step down, the former ruling party said Gbajabiamila’s action is a “deliberate design to cover the stench of corruption oozing out of the APC administration.” 5. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has maintained it will not suspend the ongoing strike action. National President of ASUU, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, who said this during a stakeholder’s meeting at the Union’s Secretariat at the University of Port Harcourt, Rivers State, noted that the federal government has continually failed to fulfill its Memorandum of Action agreed in 2019, insisting that the federal government may trigger another round of crisis should it force ASUU members into the IPPIS Scheme. 6. The Muslim Lawyers Association of Nigeria (MULAN) in Kaduna State has shunned participation in the forthcoming Nigeria Bar Association, NBA, Annual General Conference, AGC The MULAN announced its decision to boycott the conference on Saturday while expressing disappointment over the decision of the NBA NEC to rescind the invitation extended to Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State. 7. The senior pastor of Awaiting the Second Coming of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa says the dream of President Muhammadu Buhari to control the church through the Company and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) cannot come true. Reacting on Saturday, Giwa wondered why President Buhari would not focus his energy on security, corruption and Nigeria’s bad economy. 8. The acting Vice-Chancellor of the University of Lagos, Prof Omololu Soyombo has finally stepped down. However, Soyombo, in a statement on Saturday, said it was necessary he did so because the government had directed the UNILAG Senate to nominate an acting VC for the varsity. 9. Nigeria has recorded 601 new cases of coronavirus., the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, has said. The 601 new cases were reported from 21 states- Lagos(404), FCT(37), Oyo(19), Ondo(14), Abia(13), Enugu(13), Kaduna(13), Edo(12), Kano(12), Kwara(11), Ebonyi(10), Nasarawa(7), Ogun(6), Osun(5), Delta(5), Niger(5), Plateau(4), Bayelsa(4), Katsina(3), Ekiti(2), Imo(2). 10. The Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC), an Exploration and Production subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), has mulled 600 million standard cubic feet (mmscf) of daily gas supply for domestic market, a move that would further dip the prices of cooking gas nationwide. The company, which said it was looking at boosting its gas supply to the domestic market by the volume (600mmscf/d) in the next three to five years, also noted that it had revved up production in Oil Mining Lease (OML) 111 by 2,100barrels per day (bpd) of crude oil and 27mmscfd of gas, thereby increasing cumulative production from the acreage to 10,699bpd.