Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has said that God might be using COVID-19 as a tool to judge and punish corrupt politicians in the country. DAILY POST broke the news of the death of the former lawmaker representing Ogun East Senatorial District on Saturday. Kashamu died of COVID-19 related issues at First Cardiology Consultants in Lagos. However, Buruji is not the only high-profile personality or politician to have died of the pandemic in the country. Earlier this year, President Muhammadu Buhari lost two of his trusted aides, Abba Kyari and Isa Funtua to Coronavirus. The immediate former Ogun state Governor, Abiola Ajimobi, also died of complications arising from the virus. Bamgbose, while describing Kashamu’s death as sad and shocking, said it was painful and pathetic that the country is losing highly placed individuals and politicians to COVID-19. “Death is inevitable, but when it comes when it’s not expected, it could be painful,” the frontline legal practitioner said in a chat with DAILY POST on Sunday. “We commiserate with friends and families of the Senator. It’s no doubt a big loss to Ogun State and Nigeria as a whole. “The candid advice for our leaders and politicians is for them to keep their hands clean, as life is transient. “They should stop looting the treasury, as if money can stop death when it comes. The former Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari is gone. “Former Governor of Oyo State is no more. Two former Managing Directors of NNPC are late, these are rich individuals but today they are down below No one knows the next person. “One will implore our political leaders to know that, wealth can’t stop death. Money has its limitations. We shall be remembered for what we have done. Let’s serve the people with the fear of God. “These reckless looting must come to an end. Our President should wake up, and deal decisively with corruption in Nigeria. “His government is fast becoming corrupt. Nigerians are suffering, while political leaders are busy looting, as if they will carry the money beyond this earth. “The people surrounding the President are dying, this should motivate our President to put in his best to alleviate the sufferings of the masses. “Death has no respect for anybody, no matter how highly placed you may be. I’ll, therefore, enjoin Buhari to hit the ground running. Time is short.”