The traditional ruler of Alor community in Idemili South Local Government Area of Anambra State, Igwe MacAnthony Elibe Okonkwo, has apologized to the state governor, Chief Willie Obiano, and the Traditional Rulers’ Council for violating certain rules guiding the operation of monarchs in the state. Okonkwo was among the 12 traditional rulers suspended for one year by the state government for travelling to Abuja with Prince Arthur Eze, an international oil magnate, to see President Muhammadu Buhari without permission. Governor Obiano has had a running battle with some traditional rulers in the state for travelling to Abuja to see President Muhammad Buhari without his permission, leading him to suspend all 12 monarchs that were involved. Igwe Okonkwo speaking in a press conference in his palace, admitted his wrongdoing and tendered an “unreserved apology” to the state government, the Traditional Rulers’ Council, members of his cabinet and his subjects. “It was a serious slip on my part not to have informed the government about the trip to Abuja before embarking on it. I, therefore, tender an unreserved apology,” the monarch said. Speaking on allegations that he and other monarchs collected bribe from billionaire oil mogul, Prince Arthur Eze to join him to Abuja to smear the image of the governor, Okonkwo said such allegation was untrue. “How can they call it bribe? What kind of bribe is that? That is total fallacy? I was counting out money for my driver and other aides for fuel and their welfare. “I have never taken any bribes in my life from anybody. But if I wish to do, you have to pack Ghana-Must-Go bags of dollars up to 10 or 20, if I receive them, then you will be talking about bribe.” “Secondly, Ndi Igwe do not have constitutional right to remove the governor or do anything to him. We are not lawmakers who have such constitutional rights. “Are you talking about a man who has shared up to 150 Keke NAPEP in his community of taking bribes? Are you talking about a man who gives out up to five SUV Jeeps to his subjects every year? “Are you talking of a man that builds houses for the poor? Are you talking about a man that 72 students enjoy his scholarship in Alor community? Alor people can testify to that. “Even during the COVID-19 lockdown, I spent several millions to procure food items and other materials which I distributed to my subjects as palliatives. The video and pictures are on my Facebook wall. So, what kind of bribe are they talking about?” he queried? The monarch appealed to the state government and his colleagues to pardon his wrongdoing even as he called on the Traditional Rulers’ Council to wade into the feud between Governor Obiano and Prince Arthur Eze with a view to brokering peace between them.