The State of Osun Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Prince Adebayo Adeleke has taken full responsibility of the alleged manhandling of DAILY POST’s reporter in the State, Mr Sakiru Obarayese, by security operatives working with him. Recall that some policemen attached to the Osun State Joint Task Force to enforce the compulsory use of face mask in the state, Monday brutalized Sikiru Obarayese, while covering the process. DAILY POST has since reached out to the government over the matter. The Commissioner has, however, said he could not have ordered the brutality of any citizen, let alone a journalist. In a statement personally issued by him, Adeleke, who admitted being in charge of the team said he was nowhere near the scene of the alleged brutality. “However, I am conscious of the fact that some Nigerians could be overzealous when carrying out such enforcement directives. Every administration has a character, which draws from the character of the head of such government. As a cabinet member serving in a government of a governor with a reputation for zero tolerance for violence, intimidation and excessive use of government authority, I did not and will never supervise any act of brutality against any citizen, let alone a journalist. “On my honour, ask the journalists who covered the enforcement, I was nowhere near the scene of the alleged brutality. “But as the leader of the team, I take responsibility for whatever that may have transpired. I want to appeal to our people, particularly the journalists, for their understanding and to support our enforcement operations to curtail the spread of Coronavirus in the interest of all citizens,” Adeleke added. Also speaking with DAILY POST, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr. Ismail Omipidan, regretted the development, saying that it’s not in the character of the current government to brutalize or victimize people. While appealing for calm, he said he has reached out to the reporter on behalf of the governor and will take care of the medical expenses of the reporter. ”