The senior pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa on Friday warned that God won’t spare or pity President Muhammadu Buhari if he fails to stop the ongoing killing of Nigerians by members of Boko Haram and Fulani herdsmen. Giwa said it would be hard for Buhari and those behind the killings in Nigeria to escape the coming wrath of God this time around. Reacting to the rising level of insecurity in Nigeria, the cleric in a statement he forwarded to DAILY POST, faulted the All Progressives Congress, APC, government for failure to curb the activities of Boko Haram and other deadly groups terrorizing the citizens. He said, “President Buhari and others who deliberately allow these terrorists to continue to kill the innocent Nigerians should prepare their minds ahead of the coming wrath of God. “The Lord will avenge the blood of the innocent and the wicked shall perish. I don’t think they can go unpunished unless they repent and put an end to senseless killings in Nigeria. “Can you imagine under this government, the citizens are being slaughtered on a daily basis like animals? For over five years, the Boko Haram and other killers have been operating freely without bringing them to justice. “Why is it difficult to crush these criminals terrorizing the people if not because there are enemies who pretend like friends within this government? “What message are you trying to convey to the world when you are arresting those who are protesting against the killings? “Isn’t it clear enough that you are a chief patron of Boko Haram? Sometimes, I ask myself why President Buhari and his men are so heartless to continue to watch Fulani herdsmen and Boko Haram murdering the people. “Do they have conscience or a general sense of right and wrong to judge the present situation of things by themselves in the country? “They have made the whole world understand that the terrorists brought them to power. I put it to President Buhari and his men that if truly Nigerians voted for them in 2015, they would have destroyed Boko Haram completely.”