The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Cross River State Council has blacklisted the State Government (Cross River) from any media coverage by all members of union in the state. The union in a communiqué issued at the end of an emergency congress of the state council held on Thursday, August 27, 2020, at the Ernest Etim Bassey Press Centre, Calabar, the council regretted the organization of an illegal press conference thereby creating a platform for former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode (FFK) to abuse and insult a journalist, Mr. Eyo Charles of the Daily Trust Newspaper. The group mandated the state council to immediately communicate in writing to all media organisations to withdraw their correspondents from Government House and stop them from covering or reporting any activity of the State Government until the issue is resolved. Congress restates its total support for and stands with the Daily Trust Correspondent, Eyo Charles on the question that resulted in the unprovoked outburst. “Congress directs that the State Council to issue warning letters to members who attended the press conference and did not do anything to protect their colleague after which each of them is to individually write an apology letter through the State Council to the National Leadership of the Union with a firm promise never to violet the rules and regulations guiding the Journalism practice. “Congress hereby resolves that henceforth all press briefings by any individual (s), public or private organizations must be held at the NUJ Press Centre, unless as may be directed by the State Council’ the communiqué stated. The communiqué signed Communiqué drafting Committee; Richard Ndoma of Leadership Newspaper and Comrade Oka Ibor, State Secretary of NUJ and the Chairman, Comrade Victor Udu warned that any journalist that organizes or attends any press briefing not approved by the State Council shall be sanctioned. “In line with NEC resolution on the proscription of beats, Congress directs the immediate proscription of the illegally operated Cross River State Government House Press Corps. Congress hereby thanks the National Leadership of the Nigeria Union of Journalist, Management of Daily Trust Newspaper, Civil Societies, Community Based and Faith-based Organisations, religious leaders, members of local and international organisations, groups and individuals for defending the truth.” Sadly, the congress condemns the verbal insult and abuse from FFK and noted that such words could only come out of the lips of a frustrated, immature, bankrupt, irresponsible and unsteady mind and accordingly blacklisted the former Minister of Aviation from all media activities in the State. The Union lamented the recent outburst from the former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode with the Cross River State Correspondent of Daily Trust Newspaper, Mr. Eyo Charles during an illegal press conference organized by the Cross River State Government, on Thursday, August 20, 2020 and subsequent reaction from deferent segments of the society.