The Christian Association of Nigeria, (CAN), has tasked Christians in Edo State to vote for integrity, prosperity and continuation of the good works in the state. Chairman of CAN, Edo State chapter, Bishop Oriname Oyonnude Kure, gave the task in Benin City while addressing members of CAN ahead of the September 19 state governorship election. According to him, ‘We call on all believers in the state and the good people of Edo State to go to the poll and vote wisely and conscientiously without any fear or favour. “This is the critical moment in determining the destiny of our state, Edo State bearing in mind the very future of this state, the future of our children,” ”Once again, we urge all believers in the state to vote for the candidate of their choice and go peacefully. Bishop Kure while x-raying the political ongoings in the state, said CAN is not oblivious of the political issues going on in the state particularly between the two major political parties but called political bigwigs, stakeholders and the good people of the state to take a stand. He asked that they ensure the political progress and advancement of the state, devoid of violence, to protect the destiny of the state. The CAN Chairman called on political candidates to eschew violence, acrimonies and desperation in their campaigns, but pursue peace and sheath the sword of violence. He said that CAN as a religious body, condemns all actions, reactions and threats to the safety of the people. He further called on the religious leaders and heads of blocs to
warn their members against the use of violence that would cost the lives of souls in achieving the aspiration of their candidates as the soul that “killeth” it shall die. He also admonished the youths who have made themselves an easy tool of violence to desist and not to take laws into their hands. He called on President Muhammadu Buhari to prevail on those saddled with the responsibility of ensuring free, fair and credible elections to rise to their duty so that the state could have a peaceful election come September 19.6