The Ebonyi State Independent Electoral Commission (EBSIEC), Saturday, conducted the long-awaited local government election amid tight security in the 13 LGAs of the state. The election witnessed the participation of thirteen opposition political parties, except the All Progressives Congress, APC, which allegedly boycotted the election with unidentified reasons. The election also took place in the 171 political wards of Ebonyi State, where councillors and 13 chairmen are to be voted for. The chairman of Ebonyi State Independent Electoral Commission (EBSIEC), Mr Jossy Eze, said 13 registered political parties declared interest to participate in the said election. DAILY POST reporter, who visited some wards on Saturday, learnt that the elections started behind stipulated time, and witnessed partial low turnout of electorate in some areas. In a swift reaction, the Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi, who briefed journalists at his Onuofukwuru polling unit 013 in Umanaga shortly after casting his ballots, described the election as peaceful and successful. Umahi, however, commended the state electoral commission for the credible and transparent conduct of the poll and expressed satisfaction at the turnout of electorate. “We are happy with the peaceful conduct of the election and I want to commend the electorate for coming out to choose their next leaders at the grassroots. “We commend EBSIEC for conducting peaceful, transparent and credible Poll,” he said. Similarly, the chairmanship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in Afikpo South LGA, Barr. Eni Uduma-Chima, described the turnout of voters in the council as impressive and demonstration of their faith in the democratic process at the grassroots. Udumai-Chima, who voted at Amaogbu village Square 005, expressed optimism that PDP would sweep the poll due to the sterling performance of the current administration in the state led by David Umahi. “I’m overwhelmed with the level of turnout by our people to participate in the election; it is a show of appreciation of the democracy dividends enjoyed by the people.”