The Lagos State Government has announced the closure of the Eti-Osa Isolation Center in the state. The state governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu announced this during the 17th update on the management of coronavirus in the state, NAN reports. According to the governor, “Some of the isolation centers now have less than 20 percent of occupancy.” He also stated that the Agidingbi Isolation Centre would also be closed and patients relocated to a large capacity center – Indo-Centre in the Anthony area, which would soon be inaugurated. “Over the last four to five months, we have built excess capacity center. “We have gotten to a point where we need to balance the economics to know which of these facilities we need to keep running because some of them now are having less than 20 percent of occupancy. “This is why we reach a conclusion to shut Eti-Osa facility and another one in Lekki,’’ the governor said. Sanwo-Olu further explained that the Infectious Diseases Hospital, IDH, in Yaba has gradually being reverted to its former status as a hospital to cater to all forms of infectious diseases. However, he said that the Ca-COVID dedicated tent on the IDH grounds would remain strictly for COVID-19 cases. “I must also mention that we have recorded a decrease in positivity rates in Lagos State over the past two weeks, which, combined with the increase in testing numbers, gives an encouraging picture of the outcome of our response strategy. “It now over five months since the first case of coronavirus was recorded in Nigeria. “Since then, Nigeria has seen more than 43,000 infections and significant disruption of social, religious, educational, and economic life, like every other part of the world. “As of July 31, Lagos state has had a total of 15,150 confirmed cases of COVID-19, with 10,835 persons who have recovered and discharged. “Sadly, we have also lost 194 persons to the virus. “This leaves us with 1,813 active cases in the community which are under management across various isolation centers in the state,’’ he added.