The All Progressives Congress, APC, candidate in the forthcoming Edo State governorship election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, has condemned the cut in funds allocated to the Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma by the Obaseki-led government. He says the underfunding of the institution has had disastrous effects on its ability to meet its financial obligation to staff, fund research, and raise the standard of learning at the institution. Pastor Ize-Iyamu was speaking at Emaudo, Ekpoma, at a campaign rally to round off his tour of the district following previous stops at Igueben, Ubiaja, Uromi, and Irrua where he was met by large crowds, some of whom hung on trees and climbed roofs to get a glimpse of the candidate. He said, “The subvention to Ambrose Alli University when Comrade Adams Oshiomhole was Governor was N250million. But the Governor who pretends to love Esanland reduced it to N96million per month” According to Ize-Iyamu, the deliberate underfunding of the institution, which led to its obtaining a bank loan to pay July salaries, and the lack of recorded achievements in Edo Central by Governor Godwin Obaseki, expose the falsehood of his ‘Esan Agenda’ campaign gimmick which he says he has no intention of fulfilling. “If someone is promising you something you need to look at their actions, as action speaks louder than words. The Governor who claims to love Esan has had numerous opportunities to demonstrate that love but he repeatedly overlooked the Esan people. When his Chief of Staff resigned, they asked him to appoint an Esan person, he refused; when it was time to appoint a campaign DG, he was also requested to consider the Esan people but once again, he refused.” Pastor Ize-Iyamu said the level of turn-out at the rallies in has strengthened his confidence that his party, the APC, will win the Senatorial District contrary to the predictions of some. “People said Edo South will be won by APC, Edo North will be won by APC but Edo Central, they are not sure. I asked, why are you not sure? They said they are not sure. But I can tell them now that I am very very sure.” “One of the reasons why they were not sure of Esanland is because the people said they have an Esan Agenda, which says that in four years’ time, Obaseki will hand over to an Esan Governor. But he has not been able to say this publicly just as he cannot write his promises down.” “The very obvious fact that Governor has not made this promise publicly is all the evidence needed that he does not mean it and has no intention of fulfilling it. He merely wants to obtain the votes and support of the people through deceit, just as he did four years ago.”