A man identified as Chinedu Peter Ogwa has committed suicide in Wokoma Street in Mile Three Diobu area of Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital The 45 years old Ogwa, who hailed from Ebonyi State, was reported to have dropped a written note for his family after taking a substance that was believed to be responsible for his death. The wife of the victim, Chidinma Ogwa, who spoke to newsmen, said her husband recently developed a frustrated attitude after he complained how he had been abandoned by friends and relatives because of his current situation. Chidinma, while recalling the last time she talked with her husband, said she never had any quarrel with him before he took his life. “On Monday afternoon, he called me to ask what we were having for dinner, I told him not to bother that I’ve prepared dinner already that he should come home. “By the time he returned, I was washing. So he stood by me and started talking about his intention to consume rat poison. I asked why he would harbour such an intention. He said he doesn’t know what was wrong with him that everything he does no longer yield any result. That his business is not going well. “He said he had the rat poison in his pocket but after that conversation, he said he did not think he would take poison anymore. “Days later as I returned from Bible Study with my children, we got into the house and decided to put on the generator. As my 12 years old daughter went to change over, she just screamed that ‘mummy come and see my daddy’. We got to see him where he was lying lifeless with foam in his mouth and he had defecated on his body. So I called out my neighbours who accompanied me to the police station. “We later discovered a note he dropped for me. In that note, he wrote that me and his children should forgive him that he was frustrated because for 15 years since he started business he had been struggling. He also wrote the pin code for his phone and listed places I should go to recover some of the things he owned,” Chidinma said. The incident has been reported at the Mile 1 Police Station while the Rivers State Police Command is yet to react to the development.