The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, on Monday, declared interest in the outcome of the forthcoming governorship election in Edo State. AYCF National President, Yerima Shettima made the remark while rubbishing allegations levelled against Mike Igini, the Independent National Electoral Commission, Resident Electoral Commission, INEC, REC, in Akwa Ibom State. Following speculations that INEC may deploy Igini to preside over the September 19 governorship election, some political gladiators in the state had linked him with some politicians allegedly aimed at compromising the election. However, Shettima in a chat with DAILY POST warned politicians in the state against what he termed “reckless political strategy” aimed at tarnishing the image of Igini. Shettima warned that the act of tarnishing the image of an uncompromising activist and a public officer per excellent who has shown exceptional character and integrity was a danger to Nigeria’s democracy. He stressed that those behind the move to tarnish Igini’s image have no good motive for the forthcoming governorship election. According to Shettima: “Many prominent political actors who currently hold significant positions in political parties and public offices in this country since 1999, were mostly bystanders in the struggle for the return of democracy in Nigeria. Many of these political actors who reap enormous rewards from the political arena in which they made no sacrifices to attain are often reckless in their actions because they never paid the heavy price that many who struggled to earn the democracy they enjoy had to bear. “These actors are, therefore, quick to make unguarded statements and think very little about jeopardizing the democratic enterprise in Nigeria at the slightest threat to the huge rewards they collect from the Nigerian people. “It is against the above background that my attention was drawn to some patently untrue and very laughable allegations against the Resident Electoral Commissioner of Akwa-Ibom State, Barrister Mike Igini, to the effect that he is complicit with some political actors in Edo state, with the intention of undermining the forthcoming Edo election. “If these allegations are meant to act as a political strategy to stop Mike Igini from supervising a transparent and credible election that he is known for, it must be stopped forthwith as such recklessness is a danger to the consolidation of democracy in Nigeria. “We are interested in the outcome of this election. These people are scared that he may be brought in as they do not have good intentions for the election.”