One Chidi Umeh and his accomplice, Obinna Onyebuchi, have been arrested for allegedly stealing motorbikes in Ogun State. Chidi, who the police unidentified as the leader of the team; was said to have confessed coming from Nnewi in Anambra State, to steal motorcycles in Owode Yewa. According to the police, Obinna, who corroborated everything said by Chidi, confessed that this was the first time of going out with him on a robbery operation. A statement by the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Wednesday, revealed that the suspects were arrested on Monday. Oyeyemi said they were members of a robbery gang who specialized in drugging their victims before dispossessing them of their motorcycles. It was said that Chidi, 40 and Obinna, 28, were arrested following a distress call received by the DPO of Owode Egbado division from the residents of Alanu area of Owode, that the two, who had drugged a motorcyclist, were about to take his bike away. The DPO, SP Olabisi Elebute, was said to have led the anti-robbery team to the scene where the duo of Chidi and Obinna were nabbed with the help of members of the public. “On interrogation, Chidi Umeh, who came all the way from Nnewi, in Anambra State, admitted committing the crime. “He explained that he is selling motorcycle parts in Nnewi and he used to come to Owode area to snatch motorcycles from the owners after drugging them through energy drink, which he used to give to his victims on a friendly note. “His accomplice, Obinna Onyebuchi, corroborated his confession, but he claimed that this is the first time he followed him out on robbery assignment,” the PPRO informed. Oyeyemi disclosed that their last victim was still sleeping as of the time he sent out the statement on Wednesday evening as a result of the effect of the drug on him. He said the suspects confessed to have snatched up to four motorcycles from the owner at different times. While ordering that the suspects be transferred to state CIID, the Commissioner of Police CP Edward A. Ajogun warned motorcyclists to stop taking any edible from their passengers to forestall the occurrence of such heinous crime.