Nigeria Police Force in Ogijo area of Ogun State, while planning to unleash terror on some communities in the area. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Abimbola Oyeyemi, in a statement on Sunday, told DAILY POST that men of the state police command had on 11th of August, 2020 arrested two members of the dreaded Eiye cult group. Oyeyemi said the suspected cult group were contacted by a yet-to-be identified, “notorious landgrabber to unleash terror on some communities in Ogijo area of the state.” The suspects, who were identified as Oladayo Bello, 34 and Awobajo Muritala, 40, were reportedly apprehended, following information received by the DPO of Ogijo police division, CSP Muhammed S. Baba. According to Oyeyemi, the DPO had been informed that a group of Eiye cult members were gathering at Kanniyi area in Shimmawa, planning to go and attack some communities, on the instruction of the unknown land grabber. With this, the DPO reportedly led his operatives to the “already identified hideout where not less than twenty members of the group were met with various types of dangerous weapons.” “On sighting the policemen, the hoodlums opened fire on them and ran to various directions in a bid to escape,” Oyeyemi said. However, it was gathered that the policemen restrained from firing back to avoid killing innocent members of the public, but they chased and apprehended two among them. Two cut to size guns, five live cartridges, two expended cartridges, one battleaxe, assorted criminal charms and weeds suspected to be Indian hemp, were among things recovered from the suspects. Meanwhile, the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, Edward Awolowo Ajogun, has ordered that the suspect be transferred to the state CIID with immediate effect, for further investigation. Ajogun has also ordered that the fleeing members of the group must be hunted for and arrested. The Commissioner of Police, warned land grabbers to stay away from Ogun, saying he would not hesitate to deal decisively with anybody trying to disturb the peace of the state under any guise.