Governor Nasir El-Rufai, has expressed confidence that the Special Forces deployed to the southern part of the state, will tackle the security challenges in the area. Recall of late that the area has witnessed series of attacks by suspected Fulani militias resulting in the loss of lives and the destruction of property including the burning down of houses and vehicles. While addressing the Special Forces at the Sector 7 Headquarters of Operation Safe Haven in Kafanchan on Friday, governor El-Rufai said he was pleased with their deployment to Southern Kaduna. Represented by the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, Governor El-Rufai assured that the state government would continue to place priority on security as the backbone of sustainable development. Governor El-Rufai formally welcomed the Special Forces to Kaduna State, and Southern Kaduna in particular after their induction, stressing, “You are courageous and outstanding officers who have done well in Faskari, Batsari and other flashpoints in the country.” He expressed optimism that the Special Forces would do well in consolidating the gains already achieved by troops, police and other security agencies in the affected areas towards restoring normalcy. Towards living no stone unturned, Governor El-Rufai explained that the state government is conducting series of engagements with traditional rulers, religious leaders, community leaders, civil society and other agencies, assuring that the government is making progress. He noted that the government consistent appeal is recourse to the law, pointing out that no one should take the law on his or her own hands. He added that failure to recourse to the law only worsens the situation at hand, and as such, advising that citizens must resort to available lawful means for arbitration and amicable resolution of grievances. The governor expressed gratitude to the Chief of Defence Staff, General Abayomi Olonisakin, Chiefs of Army and Air Staff (Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai and Air Marshall Abubakar Baba) as well as the Commander Operation Safe Haven, Maj. Gen. Chukwuemeka Okonkwo for their immense commitment in containing the situation.