Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Friday night, confirmed 462 new cases of COVID-19. This brings the current tally in the country to 43,151, with Lagos State having the highest number of cases in Nigeria with 15,121. FCT Abuja, Oyo and Edo have 3,803, 2,760 and 2,292 respectively. 2. The All Progressives Congress, APC, Campaign Organisation for the Edo State governorship election, has described the state Governor, Godwin Obaseki, as a confused man merely projecting the criminal plans his party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, are perfecting. The APC campaign said it was a dawning realization for the PDP that it has been rejected by the people of Edo State. 3. The Minority leader in the House of Representatives, Ndudi Elumelu, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to sack his service chiefs, following the attack on the convoy of Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum. Elumelu, in a statement on Friday, said the service chiefs could not handle the security situation in the country and need to step aside. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday vowed to unearth all corrupt cases in Nigeria. Buhari lamented that there has been abuse of trust by some people in both the previous and this administration. 5. Four persons have been confirmed dead while six have been seriously injured in an accident that occurred on Lambata–Minna road on Friday. The Federal Road Safety Corps FRSC, sector commander, Mr. Joel Dagwa, who disclosed this to newsmen in Minna, said that the accident which occurred at about 23.40 hours at Kwanan Bakwai village of Gurara Local Government Area, involved a Mazda car and an articulated vehicle. 6. Delta State Police Command has confirmed recovery of the bodies of four persons found dead in an apartment in Asaba on July 23. Mr Hafiz Inuwa, Delta Commissioner of Police, confirmed the tragic development to newsmen on Friday. 7. The Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi, on Friday announced his COVID-19 status, saying his result returned negative. The governor said his daughter and three other members of his family have also tested negative for COVID-19. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has said that some of his appointees have abused the trust he had for them. Buhari, who spoke on Friday in Abuja after a Sallah service, was responding to a question from press men about the recent corruption allegations arising from the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). 9. An Abuja Magistrate’s Court has ruled in favour of Senator Elisha Abbo in the case of assault filed against him by the Nigeria Police Force. The Magistrate Court sitting in Zuba dismissed the case against the lawmaker representing Adamawa-North on the ground that the police failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that he committed the crime. 10. Nigeria’s Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi, has insisted the country has not signed away its sovereignty to China. Amaechi explained that the clause was only to guarantee the repayment of the loan and not for Nigeria to lose its sovereignty, adding that the federal government approached China for loans, because of their low-interest rates, the payback period and moratorium.