Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has claimed that the recent visit to.the Presidential Villa by the immediate past National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, was to ask President Muhammadu Buhari for the presence of federal might in Edo State during the September 19 governorship election. The senior lawyer noted that with recent happenings and utterances from the key players, it was clear that the forthcoming elections is a do or die affair, especially for Oshiomhole. According to Bamgbose, Oshiomhole “is excessively desperate to ensure that Pastor Ize -Iyamu, the APC candidate, wins at all cost.” In a chat with DAILY POST on Tuesday night, Bamgbose said that “The estranged National Chairman must have visited the President to get his permission, to use maximum force, be it military and otherwise, to achieve his aim. “Oshiomhole will certainly need the President’s support to disorganise Obaseki. He will surely act like a wounded lion, as far as the Edo Governorship election is concerned. “Anyone expecting a free, fair and peaceful election in Edo State come September, should be a day dreamer. The election will be volatile and violent. “Lives may be lost. The two major parties, APC and PDP will slug it out in a desperate battle. I’ll advise the registered voters in the election, to be security conscious. “The election may be heavily militarized. Tinubu is giving full support to Oshiomhole, because of his presidential ambition come 2023. Obaseki security Aides may be withdrawn before the election. “Democracy might be thrown into the waste bin during the election. PDP supporters should be vigilant as some of them may be arrested at the eve of the election. “Wike will be weakened a few days to the election. I foresee a plan in the offing to cage him. My humble plea for the voters is simple, they should not sacrifice their lives for any politician. “Religious leaders should pray seriously for a peaceful election in Edo come September. It’ll take a miracle for Obaseki to survive the political onslaught to make him lose the governorship election.”