Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Babatunde Oke, the Chairman of Onigbongbo Local Council Development Area (LCDA) of Lagos State is dead. He passed away Wednesday morning from coronavirus complications. 2. Chairman, Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Governor Mai Mala Buni has approved the appointment of Lagos Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, to chair the Campaign Council for the Ondo governorship Election. APC spokesman, Yekini Nabena, said Plateau Governor, Simon Lalong, will serve as Deputy Chairman, while Mustapha Salihu will serve as Secretary of the 104-member council. 3. A man was killed on Tuesday in a clash that broke out between two rival cult groups in Usieffurun community in Udu Local Government Area of Delta State. Reports said the suspected cultists used dangerous weapons at each other just as they shot sporadically into the air, leaving several other injured. 4. The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has vowed to retaliate for recent killings in the Aziko community of Bayelsa State. IPOB spokesman, Emma Powerful, threatened that the group would retaliate, adding that a situation whereby herdsmen, Boko Haram, bandits and other groups slaughter innocent Christians without any hoot by the government; is an indication that Nigeria is already a failed state. 5. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) says it has fixed Oct. 31 for the conduct of the 12 pending constituencies by-elections in the country. The commission disclosed this in a statement by INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye, in Abuja on Tuesday, said it would have long conducted the by-elections but for the current COVID-19 pandemic. 6. The Federal Government, on Tuesday, received 200 ventilators promised by the United States Government to support the fight against COVID-19. The US Agency for International Development (USAID) handed over the donation to the Ministry of Health in Abuja. 7. The Department of State Services (DSS) has invited a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Obadiah Mailafia. He is expected at their Jos office Wednesday afternoon, following his comment that a Northern governor is the “commander of Boko Haram.” 8. The Federal government has said that plans are underway to recall most of the pilots dismissed by the management of Air Peace. A statement released by the spokesperson of the Federal Ministry of Aviation, Jude Odaudu, said the decision to recall most of the dismissed pilots was taken during an intervention meeting held by Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, between the management of the airline and the leadership of the National Association of Airline Pilots and Engineers, NAAPE, held in his office on Tuesday. 9. The Catholic Bishops’ Conference of Nigeria (CBCN) has declared that President Muhammadu Buhari has failed the citizenry, following the increasing insecurity in the country. CBCN President, Archbishop Augustine Obiora, in a statement on Tuesday, insisted that Buhari had disappointed everyone who believed that he would deliver on his promises. 10. The United Kingdom, UK, has officially fallen into recession for the first time in 11 years due to the huge impact of the coronavirus pandemic. A report from the Office for National Statistics stated that the country’s gross domestic product, GDP, is estimated to have fallen by a record 20.4% between April and June 2020, making it the second consecutive quarterly decline after it fell by 2.2% between January to March 2020.