The Osun State police command has arrested a 24-year-old man, Adewale Lukman, a suspected armed robber for the murder of three at Inisa in Odo-Otin Local Government Area of the state. The suspect was said to have allegedly butchered his victims and stabbed Tunde Oyeniran, the man who was initially arrested for the crime. Confirming his arrest, the state police spokesperson, Yemisi Opalola said the suspect was arrested on Monday and confessed to the crime. She disclosed that Tunde had been released based on health grounds. She said, ” He was released on the medical ground because he sustained several injuries that have been giving him problem. He was released to go and take care of himself. We arrested the real suspect two days ago, and he has confessed to the crime. But since we had apprehended the real suspect we had to allow him to take care of himself. He had been receiving treatment from the police hospital. He would be called on when needed. ” It would be recalled that Tunde Oyeniran, a nurse was arrested for allegedly butchering his wife, grandchild and niece; and stabbed himself to cover up. Speaking with DAILY POST about his ordeals, Tunde said he knew nothing about the crime he was initially alleged and detained for. He explained that he was stabbed in seven places and his wife, grandchild and his wife’s niece were butchered by a suspected robber. Tunde was released from Police detention after 18 days over a false allegation. Though, according to him, police later took him to Police Clinic when he complained about feeling dizzy. According to him, the suspect, Adewale was an Engineer who was introduced by his late wife to repair a plasma television set sometime in March. He further said that while offering his payment, Adewale took the suspect to an ATM to withdraw money for him not knowing he had secretly looked at his ATM security code. He continued that It was his Assistant in his office who called his phone number and was told that the phone was seized for not paying hotel bills. Tunde told DAILY POST that the suspect had withdrawn N300,000 from his account. He said, ” On July 24 I closed from work around 8 pm to meet my family at Inisha I honked the horn severally but no one opened the door for me. I hopped out of my car to open the gate myself and drove in and entered my living room someone attacked me from the back and stabbed me with a knife on different parts of my body. “I tried to defend myself but he overpowered me. I was seriously bleeding. He dragged me to my children’s room and locked me there. He took my phone and ATM from me and requested for the PIN. I gave him the wrong one but he said he wanted my real PIN. “I pretended as if I was dead. He left afterwards. I had before struggled to wrap clothes I could lay my hands on to reduce the blood coming out of me. Around 11 pm, I managed to get out of the house through the window, It had no burglary. I got to the main road where people saw me and took me to Seven Days Adventist hospital. They rejected me and I was later taken to a private hospital at Ikirun. “The police and vigilante had been involved then. I told them to help me check my wife and children because I was yet to see them. I was told they were at the police clinic. The next morning the police came and took me away from the hospital and back to the Seven Days hospital. I was later accused of killing my wife, grandchild and niece and was detained. It was my Personal Assistant who called my line and was told that my phone was seized for not paying hotel bills. He went to the police to inform them, and they went to the police. I was shown the picture on my phone and I recalled he was the same guy who helped me repaired my television set in March. I remembered telling him to give me his account number, so I could transfer, but he wanted cash, so I asked him to follow me to the ATM. I never knew he was watching me while I was using the ATM. I don’t know him from anywhere. It was my wife who introduced him to me.”