The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), the Universal Service Provision Fund (USPF) and three other agencies under the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy, have continued to implement people-oriented projects to advance President Muhammadu Buhari’s digital economy agenda. The other agencies include: the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), Nigerian Communications Satellite Limited (NIGCOMSAT), Galaxy Backbone and the Nigerian Postal Service (NIPOST). Their commitment in this direction was once again demonstrated during the virtual commissioning of 11 new Information and Communications Technology (ICT) projects implemented by the agencies under the Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy by the Minister, Dr. Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, in Abuja at the Digital Economy Complex on Tuesday, August 11. The projects, which were commissioned virtually across the country by Pantami include the Emergency Communication Centres (ECC’s) in Ilorin, Kwara State and Calabar, Cross River. Other projects commissioned included the e-Health/Data Sharing Centre, Medical College, Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University, Bauchi; and Virtual Examination Centre, University of Maiduguri, Borno State, all implemented by the NCC. Two projects executed by the USPF were also commissioned; the Tertiary Institution Knowledge Centre (TIKC), Delta State and School Knowledge Centre (SKC) located at Government Day Secondary School, Hassan Central, Gombe State. NITDA implemented three projects: the Information Technology (IT) and Incubation Park, University of Ayangba, Kogi State, ICT Capacity Building Centres at the College of Education, Gumel, Jigawa State and Federal University of Technology, Owerri, Imo State. Also commissioned were the new Neighborhood Post Office/NIRSAL Microfinance bank branch, Delta State and the remodelled National Mail Exchange Centre (Mbiama), Ahoada West Local Government Area of River State executed by NIPOST. Chairman, NCC Governing Board, Prof. Adeolu Akande thanked Pantami for the visibility he is giving the projects being executed by the agencies under the Ministry. While the Executive Vice Chairman of NCC, Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, reiterated the commitment of the Commission towards implementing policies and programmes aimed at fast-tracking the advancement of digital economy vision of the Federal Government.