Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Senate of the University of Lagos has elected Prof. Folasade Ogunsola as Acting Vice-Chancellor. Ogunsola polled 135 votes to defeat Prof. Ben Oghojafor, who got 31 votes. 2. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, has tested positive for the deadly coronavirus disease. The state’s Commissioner for Information and Strategy Gbenga Omotoso, who announced this via his Twitter account on Monday, said the health commissioner is doing well with no symptoms. 3. The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has suspended entry requirements for applicants who wished to join the Nigeria Police Force as constables. The IG in a signal dated August 24 directed that no candidate should be disqualified irrespective of their physical appearance, age and qualification. 4. Gunmen have reportedly abducted an unconfirmed number of students from a school in Kaduna State on Monday at Prince Academy in Samba-Kasaya, a village around Buruku area in Chikun Local Government Area of the state. Those kidnapped were said to be some JSS 3 students who were preparing for the Basic Education Certificate Examinations (BECE) before the armed men invaded the school at about 7am and took them away. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the composition of the Governing Council and appointment of Executive Secretary of the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities in line with the Discrimination Against Persons with Disabilities (Prohibition) Act 2019. According to the Act, the commission shall be headed by a Part-Time Chairman and six members who shall be persons with Disabilities representing the geo-political zones of the federation subject to confirmation of the Senate for a four-year term of office in the first instance and may be reappointed for a second term of four years and no more. 6. The Lagos State House of Assembly has asked Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to explain the whereabouts of three helicopters belonging to the state government. During plenary on Monday sequel to the Matter of Urgent Public Importance moved by the Chief Whip of the House, Mrs Mojisola Miranda, the House, therefore, summoned some key government officials to explain to the Assembly the agreement between the state and Caverton Helicopters, the managers of the helicopters. 7. The Peoples Democratic Party caucus in the House of Representatives has threatened to take legal action against President Muhammadu Buhari and top officials of the Federal Government for allegedly undermining the National Assembly, especially on the Special Public Works Scheme by the Federal Government. The PDP caucus, which said it had “unequivocally rejected and dissociated itself” from the programme, “strongly” admonished its members to ignore the letters written to Senators and House members by state coordinators of the National Directorate of Employment on behalf of the Minister of State for Labour, Employment and Productivity, Festus Keyamo (SAN). 8. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed an increase in COVID-19 cases in the country. NCDC in a tweet on Monday said confirmed cases of the virus now stand at 52,548 with detection of 321 fresh infections. 9. Obadiah Mailafia, a former Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, has said that he has resigned from the National Institute of Policy and Strategic Studies, NIPSS. He said he had to resign because of ongoing killings in Southern Kaduna affecting his people. 10. The Nigerian Government has disclosed that it borrowed over 5,000 metric tonnes of grain from ECOWAS to feed citizens. The Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Mustapha Baba-Shehuri, who disclosed this on Monday, stated this while receiving the 3,999 tonnes of cereals donated to Nigeria by ECOWAS.