The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has called out President Muhammadu Buhari over a trending video showing his Chief of Staff, Ibrahim Gambari and former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole. The video entered the public space after Oshiomhole’s meeting with Buhari. He and Gambari are seen walking within the Presidential Villa. In the footage, the former Edo governor is heard saying: “Arrest him, deal with…the whole thing will…it goes beyond sermon.” Reacting, Kola Ologbondiyan, Secretary, National Campaign Council on Edo Governorship Election, said Nigerians were alarmed by the video He noted that the duo were talking about the September 19 poll. “Oshiomhole was seen emphatically urging the Chief of Staff to Mr. President on the need to clampdown on certain unnamed Nigerians to achieve political suppression and submission ahead of the Edo election. “Our National Campaign holds that the presence and involvement of the Chief of Staff to the President and the fact that the discussion held within the precincts of the Presidential Villa has made the Presidency complicit and places a huge burden on President Muhammadu Buhari. “Already, there is anxiety in the public space that the discussion between Oshiomhole and Prof. Gambari as captured in the video is an extension of discussions that must have been held behind closed doors in the Presidential villa. “The video has validated earlier revelations of plots by Oshiomhole and the discredited APC governorship candidate, Osagie Ize-Iyamu, to use compromised security operatives being mobilized by certain individuals in the Presidency, to arrest innocent Nigerians, including traditional, faith-based and community leaders on trumped-up charges.” PDP insists that Oshiomhole and the APC candidate have completely lost ground in Edo State, hence the plot to clamp down on the people. The party told Nigerians to hold the presidency responsible should there be cases of illegal arrests, assassinations and unexplained killings, sudden disappearances of prominent people, accidental discharge by federal security operatives and mysterious accidents. PDP advised Buhari to reassure Nigerians by immediately ordering that Adams Oshiomhole and Gambari be pulled in for questioning over the video. “Anything short of decisive action on this matter will further indict the Buhari Presidency especially coming on the heels of public anxiety over Mr. President’s widely condemned comment on the use of security forces for elections”, the party said. Video: Can you make out exactly what Oshiomhole is saying in this video? pic.twitter.com/w5zpFMmtZ3 — Bamikole Omishore (Banks) (@MrBanksOmishore) August 17, 2020