Despite the 24-hour curfew, suspected Fulani militias have allegedly invaded Unguwan Gankon village in Gora ward in Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna State, killing two persons and burning 7 houses. Recall that Zangon Kataf local government area has been on 24-hour curfew for about 63 days following the Zangon Kataf unrest when a farmer was alleged to have been killed in farmland. The Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, SOKAPU, National Public Relations Officer, Luka Binniyat, in a statement said, “Yesterday, 18th August 2020, amidst a rigidly imposed punishing 24 hrs curfew that is 63 days today, armed Fulani militia invaded Unguwan Gankon village in Gora ward, Zangon Kataf local government area and killed two persons and burnt 7 houses. Neighbours, however, came to their rescue and the murderers fled. “The name of the victims are Kefas Malachy Bobai, a 30-year-old farmer and father of three and Miss Takama Paul, 16, a student.” The statement explained that though armed troops arrived after the killers had escaped, SOKAPU said it was grateful that there was a response from the military. The statement observed, “The previous day, 17th August 2020, Mr Bulus Joseph, 48, father of 9 was murdered gruesomely in his farm at Sabon Gida Idon along Kaduna – Kachia road, in Kajuru LGA, by armed Fulani militia. He stood up to the killers so that his wife and 3 children could escape, which they did. But he paid the price with his life as he was sub-humanely butchered by the cold-blooded murderers. “On the 16th of August, Pastor Adalchi Usman, 39 and father of 2 was murdered. Pastor Usman, who was the pastor of ECWA Church, Unguwan Madaki, Maro ward, in Kajuru LGA in the Southern part of Kaduna State, was ambushed while in a commercial vehicle he had boarded with three others. The killers came from the bush and just started shooting at the car.” The statement added that Mariah Na’Allah of Unguwan Madaki, Shekari from Unguwa Ali – a native of Anchuna village, Zangon Kataf LGA and Ezekiel Maikasa a native of Gadanaji in Kajuru LGA, the driver of the vehicle, Danlami Dariya were abducted and at the time of releasing this Statement, their whereabouts was still unknown. The statement added that on the same night of 16th August 2020, Bugai village near Banikanwa in Kachia local government area was attacked by armed Fulani militia stressing that the village head, Dan’azumi Musa, 67 was killed with his siblings and his aged mother. Six others, according to the statement sustained grievous injuries.