The Oyo/Osun Command of Nigerian Customs Service (NIS), on Sunday, reacted to the shooting of a member of the proscribed National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) by a Customs officer in Oyo State. DAILY POST gathered that a member of NURTW in Iseyin, in Oyo state, Mr. Lateef Aboki was on Friday allegedly shot by a Customs officer. Aboki was shoot Friday evening when some Customs officers went to Moniya-Iseyin park in Iseyin, while trailing a commercial bus suspected to be carrying some bags of imported rice. Customs officer allegedly shoots NURTW member over bag of rice in Oyo <iframe class="wp-embedded-content amp-wp-5e9b0a2" sandbox="allow-scripts" title="“Customs officer allegedly shoots NURTW member over bag of rice in Oyo” — Daily Post Nigeria" src="https://dailypost.ng/2020/08/08/customs-officer-allegedly-shoots-nurtw-member-over-bag-of-rice-in-oyo/embed/#?secret=EDLLVJTs1j" width="600" height="338" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" data-amp-original-style="position: absolute; clip: rect(1px, 1px, 1px, 1px);"></iframe> However, the Public Relations Officer of Oyo/ Osun command of NIS, Mr. Abdullah Lagos, has reacted, saying none of the officers of the command was responsible for the shooting. Lagos, who spoke with DAILY POST on Sunday, said that officers of the command were not responsible for the shooting of motorist that happened on Friday in Iseyin area of the Oyo State. He added that the officer involved in the shooting is from the Federal Operation Unit, zone A of Nigeria Customs, Service. “Immediately the incident reached us, the comptroller of the command, Mrs. Uche Ngozi has given a directive to the residential officers at Iseyin to quickly intervene in other to restored normalcy around the area. “We want to state it categorically that the officers involved in the incident were not from our command, they are officers from federal operation unit, zone A. “We are yet to come up with any official statement until when we are properly briefed about the incident, but for now, we want to clear the air against the media reports that the officers involved were from our command. “We didn’t have any problem with the people of Iseyin and Oyo State at large, so we are calling on harmonious between us and the people, we also appreciate the efforts of the Nigeria Police towards ensuring that normalcy comes back. He, however, noted that the custom comptroller frowned at having casualty during the course of discharging duties by the officers of the command. He added that the comptroller has said that all officers of the command should make sure that they carry out their duties according to the rules of engagements.