A middle-aged woman identified as Mrs. Olufunmilayo who was macheted by some suspected ritualists in Ibadan, Oyo State capital has died at the University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan. DAILY POST gathered on Friday that Olufunmilayo was on Thursday attacked by the suspected ritualists. Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi who confirmed the incident, added that the deceased died following the grievous injuries inflicted on her. Our correspondent recalls that Akinyele, one of the eleven (11) local government areas in Ibadan has been in the news for ritual killings since May this year. In June alone, no fewer than five people including a 5-year old boy known as Mujeeb and an 18-year old Barakat Bello were killed. No fewer than three people were, however, in July arrested by the police, in connection with the killings. Fadeyi who confirmed Thursday’s attack said, “The information got to us from the Moniya Police Divisional Crime Officer that around 4:00pm yesterday (Thursday), one Mrs Olufunmilayo was attacked and macheted on the head. In the process, she sustained serious injuries.” “The assailants ran away. She was taken to the University College Hospital (UCH) for immediate medical attention where she died later in the night. And youths in the area came out this morning (Friday) and started protesting on the issue and at the end of the day, they started attacking policemen from Moniya area command. “They seriously attacked our men, trying to cause a breakdown of law and order. They took laws into their hands, which is not supposed to be the next thing to do. “The police are always there to do what they are supposed to do and we will continue to do more. “If an incident happens they should allow the police to look into it and investigate to unravel the mystery behind it, not to carry out protests and become violent, attacking the police. “But as the case is now, no arrest has been made, because the issue is still on. We will surely get the details”.