The Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa, on Sunday, berated pastors who have refused to reopen their churches due to the COVID-19 outbreak. He said not all pastors are called by God to lead the church. He described pastors who have refused to reopen their churches despite the government’s directive as “motivational speakers” who want attention from the unbelievers. Pastor Giwa stated this while addressing his members in Akure, the Ogun State capital, and was contained in a statement he forwarded to DAILY POST. The cleric said those called by God to lead the church would not wait a minute to put their flocks together. He advised such men of God to read the book of Jeremiah chapter 23 to guide their thoughts and actions. Giwa said: “Let me tell you that those called to lead the church won’t wait a minute to gather their flocks together. What do you mean by saying because the government asks you to use a mask, and as a result, you won’t open the church for worshippers? “What do you mean by saying you won’t open the church until it’s safe to do so? The church is not where anyone can contract a disease. “Nobody owns a church; the church belongs to the Almighty God of the universe. I read that some of them say they are still waiting for the Holy Spirit to tell them to open the church. “Our God is not a God of confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saint, according to 1 Corinthians 13:33. “I challenge them to show me where in the Bible that tells us that the House of God should be shut down. “Who does that? Many of you knew the role I played to criticise the government when they ordered that the church be shut down. “You can’t say you were called as a pastor and be afraid of a disease. Already, you have created fear in the minds of your flocks. “Indirectly, you are telling them Covid-19 is bigger than their faith in God. “You are a motivational speaker, not a pastor. How on earth would you think such a thing to satisfy the unbelievers and your ego? “Christ laid down his life on behalf for us, why are we afraid to lay down our lives for the gospel? “Why are we confusing the church? Anyway, some of them are politicians who disguise to be pastors. “They have been waiting for a time like this to fully get involved in politics and show their true colors. Many are called but few are chosen. “If you are part of the chosen ones, you won’t wait for anyone to tell you to open the church before doing so. “Why are these people confusing the children of God? Is it because they are trying to impress the unbelievers? “They can only deceive those who don’t read and understand their bibles. Children of God, be careful with those who come with sweet words.”