The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has commenced investigation into various corruption allegations against the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio and the acting Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC’s Interim Management Committee, IMC Prof. Kemebradikumo Pondei. A letter addressed to a civil society group, Foundation for True Freedom and Good Governance, led by activist, Deji Adeyanju gave an indication of the probe. The Deji Adeyanju-led group had demanded that the anti-corruption agency investigate Akpabio and Pondei over allegations of corruption at the NDDC. And the EFCC’s letter to the group signed by its Head of Economic Governance Section, Adebayo Adeniyi, said, “We write to acknowledge the receipt of your petition dated August 3, 2020 in respect of the above subject and to inform you that investigation into the case has commenced. “In view of the above, you are kindly requested to attend an interview with the undersigned through the O/C team six on Thursday, August 20, 2020 at EFCC headquarters third floor.” However, the letter was leaked to the media by Adeyanju to the dismay of the EFCC. The Sun quoted a source at the anti-graft agency as saying that “What he has done is a big problem for us.” “We don’t usually disclose anything when we are carrying out any investigation. Adeyanju was only invited to give more information. What he has done will likely sabotage our investigation,” he said. Among numerous calls by individuals and corporate organizations, the Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) had called on President Muhammadu Buhari to ensure a prompt, thorough and transparent investigation into the grave allegations of corruption against Akapbio, by former acting Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), Joy Nunieh. But SERAP believes it would serve the public interest if Buhari investigates the allegations. Recall that Nunieh had accused Akpabio of removing her from office because she refused to do his alleged fraudulent bidding. Reacting, Akpabio claimed that the former NDDC boss had a character problem. Ever since then, Nigerians have been extremely treated to more accusations, counter-accusations and revelations about the financial highhandedness in the commission.