The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said that 13 political parties have signaled their intention to conduct primaries for the forthcoming by-elections. On October 31, fourteen legislative polls will be conducted in ten states. The conduct are for Bayelsa Central Senatorial District; Bayelsa West Senatorial District; Nganzai State Constituency, Borno; Bayo State Constituency, Borno; Cross River North Senatorial District; Obudu State Constituency, Cross River. Others are Imo North Senatorial District; Lagos East Senatorial District; Kosofe II State Constituency, Lagos; Plateau South Senatorial District, Bakura State Constituency, Zamfara; Ibaji State Constituency, Kogi. A statement by Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner for Information, said the parties opted for indirect primaries. “Some of the political parties did not specify the venues within the respective constituencies for the conduct of their primaries. Their attention is hereby drawn to the provisions of Section 87(4)(c) of the Electoral Act, 2010 (as amended). “The section makes it mandatory for any party that intends to nominate a candidate to the Senate, House of Representatives and State House of Assembly to hold its congresses in the respective senatorial district, federal constituency and the state assembly constituency.” INEC confirmed that Speakers of Enugu and Katsina State Houses of Assembly have notified it of the deaths of members representing Isi-Uzo constituency and Bakori constituency, respectively. With their seats declared vacant, the total number of by-elections are now 14. “The commission has released a harmonised timetable and schedule of activities for two constituencies. The Notice of Election shall be published on August 26 and political parties shall conduct their party primaries between August 27 and September 8″, Okoye added. The official disclosed that the harmonized timetable and schedule of activities have been uploaded on the commission’s website and social media platforms. On Tuesday, the All Progressives Congress (APC) announced committees to screen all aspirants. 