SystemSpecs, Africa’s leading provider of innovative financial and human capital management solutions, recently presented prizes to winners of its first Children’s Day Essay Competition, themed, “Nigeria of my Dream: Making it Happen with Technology”. L-R: 1. Akor Akpenyi, SystemSpecs CSR Lead (3rd Left), 9th Place Winner/Honour Roll, Senior Category (4th Left), Onuoha-Okoro N. David, Winner, Junior Category. Both of St Anthony (Private) Grammar School Ijebu Imushin Ogun state, in between proud parents. The initiative, which has been lauded by members of the public, including parents, and stakeholders in the technology and educational sectors, was organized to keep children productively engaged during the lull in academic activities, and to create opportunities for children to share innovative ideas capable of driving the attainment of a sustainable, technology-driven economy in Nigeria. L-R: 1. Akor Akpenyi, SystemSpecs CSR Lead, Mr. Fikayo Aremu (Awardee’s father), Master Toluwalase Aremu (Blooming Lights Montessori School, Lagos), 2nd place winner, Junior Category. Of the submissions of about 2000 entries received within two weeks from over 500 public and private secondary schools across 29 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory, 11-year-old Onuoha-Okoro N. David of St Anthony Grammar School (Private) in Esure, Ijebu Imushin, Ogun state, emerged winner in the junior category, while 15-year-old Kalu Derrick Ugochukwu of Fosla Academy, Karshi, Abuja emerged in the senior category. L-R: 1. Akor Akpenyi, SystemSpecs CSR Lead, Akorede Otufowora (Corona Secondary School, Agbara), 3rd place winner Junior Category in between parents Deremi Atanda, Executive Director, SystemSpecs, and Akorede Otufowora (Corona Secondary School, Agbara), Third Place winner, Junior Category, at the Presentation of Prizes to Winners in SystemSpecs’ Children’s Day Essay Competition “We believe that the development of the country lies not only in the hands of our leaders, but also in those of our children. This competition is one step towards helping our youngsters express qualitative thoughts that would enhance life as a Nigerian,” Akor Akpenyi, SystemSpecs’ CSR programme administrator remarked.