Contrary to the allegation by Arc. J.J Emejulu, that he bought the land located at Airport Road Extension Layout, Enugu, belonging to the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) and some private individuals, from the Umuenwene Iji Nike Community, in Enugu East Local Government Area, the member representing Enugu East/Isi-Uzo Federal Constituency, Hon. Prince Cornelius Nnaji, has said that “no land was sold to Arc. Emejulu,” by the community. Reacting to the allegation against him by Arc. Emejulu, that he (Nnaji) and the Enugu State government have special interest in the said land, Hon. Nnaji, who is an indigene of the community, maintained that there is no iota of truth in the allegation. The federal lawmaker disclosed that the land was originally sold to late Chief Elias Chime, Chief Edward Nnaji (his late father), Chief C. C Onoh and Hon Justice Philip Nnaemeka Agu in 1976, by the accredited representatives of the people of Umuenwene Iji Nike Community, “by virtue of a Deed of Lease dated 27th July, 1976 and registered as No. 95 at Page 95 in Volume 914 of the Lands Registry, Enugu”. Hon. Nnaji who alleged that Arc. Emejulu has embarked on mischievous blackmail and smear campaign in a failed attempt to mislead the public over the rightful ownership of the land, after blatantly destroying the perimeter fence of the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu and property of individuals residing in the layout, challenged Arc. Emejulu to produce evidence of payment of the sum of N30 million which he alleged he paid to the host community for the land and other title documents, rather than chasing shadows. The Honourable member further disclosed that he has “a document where Arc. Emejulu admitted that he (Emejulu) did not pay a dime in respect of the land, stressing: “Why is Emejulu deceiving the public when there are agreements signed between him and his cohorts, dated March 2, 2008 and January 22, 2014, to the effect that he did not buy the land from Umuenwene Iji Nike Community”. On the allegation that he approached Arc. Emejulu and requested for the release of half of the land to him, Hon. Nnaji described it as “baseless, mischievous and unfounded”, and challenged him (Emejulu) to prove the allegation without further delay”. Speaking on the judgment delivered by Hon. Justice R.O Odugu on the 15th day of December, 2015 in suit E/247/2015 between Chief Raymond Agbo, Chief Kenneth Anike of one part and Augustine Agbo, John Agbo Anike and Stephen Ugwu of another part, Hon. Nnaji explained that it was a default judgment. He added that Arc. Emejulu was neither made a party to the said suit nor entitled to the reliefs contained therein to establish ownership, stating that “the same was the case over the judgment in suit No. E/646/2016, delivered by Hon. Justice Ozoemena of Enugu State High Court. The lawmaker further stressed that “all the court judgments being brandished by Arc. Emejulu were consent judgments which are neither valid and subsisting nor binding on me as an individual”. Hon. Nnaji commended President Muhammadu Buhari and Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, including other South East governors, for their commitment and contributions towards the massive rehabilitation of the Enugu Airport and urged them not to be distracted by the untoward actions of Arc. Emejulu, whom he (Nnaji) said is only pursuing his personal interest. He therefore reiterated his commitment and that of his constituents to the reopening of the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu, in line with the federal government programme, urging the public to disregard the trumped up allegations being peddled by Arc. Emejulu. 