Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The embattled Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Agboola Ajayi has resigned his membership from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, six weeks after he dumped the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. The deputy governor who came second during the July 22 governorship primaries of the PDP after losing to candidate of the party, Eyitayo Jegede was said to have perfected move to fly the flag of the Zenith Labour Party, ZLP, at the forthcoming October 10, 2020 governorship election in the state. 2. Rivers State Governor and Chairman of the PDP Campaign Council for the Edo State Governorship election, Nyesom Wike, has alleged plans from some quarters to scuttle the Edo State Governorship election on September 7 in a desperate effort to remove Governor Godwin Obaseki from Office. Wike stated that the alleged plan is to scuttle the governorship election in Edo State because the All Progressives Congress is scared of a free and fair election. 3. The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), has announced the start date for the post-Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (post-UTME). The screening for the 2020 admission processes will commence on September 7 in universities, polytechnics and colleges of education. 4. The Federal Government has warned that the 945 deaths recorded in COVID-19 pandemic cases is a wakeup call for citizens to take appropriate measures to avoid being infected. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, who said this on Monday in Abuja at the joint national briefing of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, not that as at August 10, 2020, Nigeria has recorded 46,577 cases from 317,496 samples tested so far, while 33,186 persons have been treated and discharged. 5. The Deputy Governor of Edo State, Philip Shaibu, on Monday warned that Bola Tinubu, National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC; ex-APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole and Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Ganduje are working towards creating a great calamity in Nigeria. The Deputy Governor warned Edo indigenes to stay away from the APC leaders because they will bring calamity to the state. 6. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said it will head to the Supreme Court for final judgement, on whether it has the powers to deregister political parties. A statement signed by the commission’s spokesperson, Festus Okoye, on Monday, said INEC will appeal a judgement of the Court of Appeal, that voided its deregistration of 22 parties. 7. Aliyu Lemu, lawyer to the suspended acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibrahim Magu, has said that up till this moment, his client has not been told why he is being investigated. Lemu said former EFCC boss is not happy with the way the hearing is being conducted, saying that the committee is already going against President Muhammadu Buhari’s directive to conduct a public hearing. 8. The National Consultative Front, NCF, the newly formed political group, has lamented the rate of insecurity in Nigeria. NCF said Nigeria may end up like Somalia with the current widespread violence, insurgency, banditry, and crime in the country. 9. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Kaduna State chapter, on Monday, lifted the suspension on Sen. Suleiman Hunkuyi, Dr Matoh Dogara and five other top members of the party. The announcement was contained in a statement issued by Felix Hyat, the party’s Caretaker Committee Chairman in Kaduna. 10. Deji Adeyanju, convener of pro-Democracy group, Concerned Nigerians, on Monday charged the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to lead a protest against Godswill Akpabio, Minister of Niger Delta Affairs. Adeyanju said PDP should lead a protest to the Presidential Villa and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, demanding for Akpabio’s sack.