The Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN) on Monday applauded the judgement delivered by a Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja which reversed the deregistration of the party and 73 other political parties by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). DAILY POST reported that the Appeal Court had on Monday, ruled that the deregistration exercise was illegal for not following the due process. By this judgement, the previous judgement of the Federal High Court, which on Thursday 11 June 2020 upheld INEC’s decision to deregister political parties that allegedly failed to meet the requirements of section 225 (a) of the 1999 Constitution (As Amended) is hereby set aside. SPN, while reacting, commended the party members and supporters who stood firm with the party in its struggle to secure its right to present candidates for elections. The party in a statement issued by Comrades Abiodun Bamigboye, Chinedu Bosah, Acting National Chairperson and National Secretary, respectively said, “The Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN) applauds the judgement delivered today Monday 10 August 2020 by the Court of Appeal sitting in Abuja which reversed the deregistration of the Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN) and 73 other political parties by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). “However, it is important to quickly add that it is not yet over. We also commend all the political parties which have stood firm to steadfastly challenge the undemocratic decision in courts. “Given the intensifying crisis of capitalism and the continued loss of legitimacy of the ruling All Progressive Congress (APC) and the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the eyes of long-suffering workers and youth, the capitalist ruling elite will stop at nothing to ensure that a political party that professes Socialism is off the ballot. This is because of their mortal fear that such a party could easily gain the support of the mass of the people given the level of anger that exists in Nigeria as a result of the obvious failure of governments at all levels. “Therefore, it should not come as a surprise, if INEC, which is acting the script of the bourgeois ruling elite, embarks on a journey to the Supreme Court with a view to reverse this judgement. We therefore, enjoin members and supporters to continue to hold the forte and not relent. “For the umpteenth time, we call on Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), the Trade Union Congress (TUC) and pro-masses organisations to join forces with the SPN to offer a solid working class political alternative for workers, youth and poor people who have been allowed to be deceived for far too long by the pro-rich parties of the APC and PDP. “The unfolding pre-election crises in Edo and Ondo states show once again that there can be no hope for Nigeria so far the anti-poor capitalist politicians of the APC and PDP are dominating the electoral scene. “More than ever before, the working class needs a party like the SPN to serve as a rallying platform to fight for political power in order to end the crises of mind-boggling corruption, joblessness and grinding mass poverty in the midst of abundance which has been the hallmark of the rule of the PDP, APC and other pro-rich parties over the past two decades of civil rule”.