Legendary Real Madrid and Spain goalkeeper, Iker Casillas, has announced his retirement from football at the age of 39. Casillas made the announcement in a post via his Twitter account on Tuesday. He said: ”The most important thing in life is the path you travel and the people who accompany you, not the destination to which it takes you. ”Because that with work and effort, I think I can say, without hesitation, that is has been the path and the dream destination.” Also, his club, Real Madrid in a statement released via its Twitter showed appreciation to the legend who appeared in 725 competitive matches for 16 seasons between 1999 and 2015. The statement read ”Real Madrid CF would love to show its appreciation, admiration and immerse love for one of the greatest legends of our club and world football. ”Today, one of the most important footballers in our 118-year history, a player whom we love and admire, a goalkeeper who has enlarged the legend of Real Madrid with his good work and exemplary behavior both inside and outside, says goodbye as a professional player. ”The best goalkeeper in the history of Real Madrid and Spanish football came to our house when he was nine years old. ”Here our shirt was formed and defended for 25 years, being forever one of our most iconic captains. ” Iker Casillas has earned the love of Real Madrid and is a benchmark of the values that represent Real Madrid. ”Casillas was included 5 times in the FIFA FIFPro World XI and chosen 5 times best goalkeeper in the world by the IFFHS. ”His impressive sports career has been recognized globally with the Prince of Asturias Award for Sports, the Grand Cross of the Royal Order of Sports Merit, the Gold Medal of the Royal Order of Sports Merit, and the Gold Medal of the Community of Madrid. ”Casillas belongs to the heart of Real Madrid and this will be so forever. ”Real Madrid wishes to convey to him and his family the affection of our club, which is the club of his life.” Casillas spent most of his career with Real Madrid where he made 725 appearances for the Spanish giants. He also won three Champions Leagues, five La Liga titles, and two Copa del Rey crowns. However, in 2015, he moved to Porto where he won two Portuguese Primeira Liga titles, and suffered a heart attack during a training session with Porto in May last year. He returned months later but never made an appearance since then.