As Governor Dapo Abiodun bowed to pressure by stopping the controversial N25,000 COVID-19 test fee for students in private boarding schools in Ogun State, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has expressed satisfaction on how the people stood up against the policy. Following public outcry, Gov Abiodun, on Monday, stopped the payment of N25,000 to test private boarding school students, while saying a COVID-19 test is no longer a condition for admittance into a boarding school. The Governor also apologised to parents and students who were affected by the government decision. Reacting on Tuesday, the Publicity Secretary of the PDP in Ogun State, Akinloye Bankole, told DAILY POST that the party “salutes the unwavering courage of the people as they stood firm, even in the face of intimidation by a few ‘yes men’ both in government.” “It will be recalled that our great party, in line with our long-standing tradition, condemned the obnoxious request by the Abiodun-led government. We stood in solidarity and in partnership with the people and it brings so much joy to us that the popular wish of the people finally prevailed yesterday with the withdrawal of such irresponsibility by the ruling government.” Bankole said the PDP is not carried away by the reversal of the policy, saying, “We know Ogun State can not be administered on the basis of trial and error.” According to him, the reversal clearly attests to PDP’s position that, “the ruling government lacks coordination and it is obviously bereft of any creative idea that can guarantee a comprehensive development of the state.” He said Ogun State, being one of the most sophisticated in Nigeria with many super giants, its people cannot be treated with levity. He maintained that “it is either the government rolls up its unnecessarily long sleeves and settles down to run a clear-headed government or confess its serial failures.” “We hold this view because of the government’s known penchant for wasteful, haphazard policy statements, non balanced policy implementation and prodigious spending of people’s commonwealth on defending its policy somersaults is dangerously unbecoming. “Anywhere in the world today, a government requires a lot of cautions before making its actions and inactions known to the public. No sensible government engages in a 360-degree turn around after sending its aides on official government business. “Lastly, we congratulate the affected students, their parents/guardians and indeed other critical stakeholders on this victory over cruel tendencies of a government that swore to promote the welfare of the people. We however pledge our renewed commitment to always stand in solidarity with the people against official tyranny in any guise or disguise,” Ogun PDP said.