Olusegun Bamgbose, National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has told a former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Adams Oshiomhole, to start packing his luggage to leave Edo State should the incumbent Governor, Godwin Obaseki win the September 19 election. Bamgbose believes that the governorship election is between Oshiomhole and his former political godson, Obaseki. He noted that the election will go down in history as the toughest one in the entire history of Edo State considering the big guns and the big wigs involved. Acknowledging that the former Governor and some bigwigs of the APC will do everything within their power to win the election, the Lagos-based lawyer noted that it would spell doom for Oshiomhole if Ize-Iyamu fails to win. “This is one election that Oshiomhole won’t want to lose. It’s a do or die affair for him. It’s an election that will either make him or mar him for life,” the senior lawyer said in a chat with DAILY POST. “His (Oshiomhole) political career is attached to this volatile election. If he ‘loses’, it will mark the end of his political dynasty. Oshiomhole will certainly not take things for granted. “Tinubu equally will do anything possible for Obaseki to lose to Pastor Ize Iyamu. The Edo election is no doubt a litmus test for Tinubu’s presidential ambition. “If the APC Governorship Candidate loses, his Presidential ambition will be jeopardized. On the other hand, Obaseki will not for any reason want to lose the election, as incumbent Governor. “He will be ready to do anything within his political capacity to put Oshiomhole to big shame. The truth of the matter is that the Edo Election is between Obaseki and Oshiomhole. “However If Ize Iyamu loses to Obaseki, Oshiomhole should get prepared to relocate from Edo State immediately. “Edo will be hell to him if Ize-Iyamu loses to Obaseki. The die is cast. The battle line is drawn. Who will win is no doubt a one million naira question,” he stated.