The Edo State Deputy Governor, Philip Shaibu, has revealed that he fought for the former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Adams Oshiomhole. He said it was the same way he will fight for Godwin Obaseki, and that his loyalty to the Governor is unwavering. Shaibu stated this when he addressed reporters on Thursday, according to Channels Television, revealing how Oshiomhole wanted him to join the move to unseat Obaseki. The Deputy Governor, who a few weeks ago defected to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, alongside his boss, said he begged Oshiomhole to let go of any grievance he had against Obaseki but the former labour leader went on with the battle. “Oshiomhole wanted to use me to impeach the Governor knowing that I was closer to the members-elect as of that time and members of the State Assembly because I spent 8 years in the House of Assembly here and 18 months in the House of Reps and I have goodwill among the legislators because of my own style. “And he wanted me to use the same member when they’re elected to remove the Governor and for me to be the Governor and I said no. “And I said, If I didn’t betray Oshiomhole when I was given money and a plot of land in Maitama to sign his impeachment as at then, I will not betray my own Governor. I don’t have the tendencies. “I knelt down to beg Oshiomhole for forgive, no matter what Obaseki would have done, which all the questions I asked him, he had no tangible reasons (for wanting to remove Obaseki). “I knelt down and I begged him. I said ‘I’m your son. Why not because of me and forgive.” The Edo deputy governor went on to reveal that on realizing that Oshiomhole had declared a war against the governor, he told the former governor that he will stand with Obaseki come what may. Shaibu said he will fight to the very last to ensure that his boss is defended, the same way he fought for the former Governor when there were plots against him in Edo State. The Deputy Governor, however, said it was time for Oshiomhole to come and test his popularity when the votes are to be cast. According to him, the former NLC President has lost his integrity and is no more the man of the people.