The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Saturday, warned the Miyetti Allah vigilante group to steer clear of the southeast region. IPOB issued the warning in response to an alleged plan by Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore to formally launch its nationwide vigilante group. A statement signed by IPOB’s spokesperson, Emma Powerful, warned that the group was fully ready to defend the Southeast against any incursion by Miyetti Allah’s vigilante. IPOB alleged that the vigilante group was aimed at fulfilling the Islamization agenda of Usman Dan Fodio. The group, however, warned that Miyetti Allah vigilantes would meet stiff resistance in the Southeast. According to the group: “It has come to the attention of the global family of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra, IPOB ably led by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, that the Miyetti Allah Hore Kautal, has perfected plans to formally launch its much -talked -about national vigilante group. According to our intelligence, Miyetti Allah also wants to deploy its vigilantes across the country immediately after the launching. “We know their mission; contrary to the lies they are feeding the gullible public with, they are rather coming to fulfill the order by their father, Usman Dan Fodio who, in 1960, charged Muslims to deep the Quoran into the Atlantic Ocean. But we assure them that they will meet their Waterloo in the entire Biafra land. “We want to declare in unmistakable terms, that no Miyetti Allah vigilante is needed or will be allowed to operate in any part of Biafra land. They may operate in other parts of Nigeria but not on any Biafra soil. “IPOB is ready for them irrespective of the sophistry of those backing them. We are very formidable and fully ready to defend our land against these vampires! We don’t need them, and will never give them any inch of our land. We shall repel them and chase them back to the Sahel. “How can we allow globally recognized terrorists and those who rape and maim after butchering others to police our communities? This can never happen!”