President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday in Abuja pledged to spend more on infrastructure across the country. Buhari said he would be focusing on completing projects delivered by local contractors and technology that creates jobs for thousands of Nigerians. According to Garba Shehu, the President’s Spokesman, Buhari made the pledge at the virtual inauguration of the 17-storey headquarters building of the Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board (NCDMB) in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State. The President said the building, known as the Nigerian Content Tower, with the full complements of a 10MW Power Plant and 1000-seater Conference Center, reflects his administration’s drive to provide infrastructure across the country to attract investments, create jobs and eradicate poverty. He assured that more job creation among the people of the state, and also commended the Executive Secretary of NCDMB, Engr. Simbi Wabote and his team for the completion of the project. The President also said two of the executive orders which his administration signed are related to enforcement of local content and promote local purchase of oil and gas equipment. ‘‘With the commissioning of this project, I want to highlight that we have put in place a landmark of reference in the Niger Delta to reflect long-lasting legacies that signpost the years of oil and gas exploitation and I assure you that there is more to come. ‘‘This commissioning brings to the fore the importance of local content in all activities of our national life, especially with the prevailing COVID-19 pandemic. ‘‘Local Content and Self Reliance are key principles of the recently approved 2.3 trillion Naira National Economic Sustainability Plan. The plan is aimed at the promotion of local production, local services, local innovation, and the use of local materials,’’ he said. Speaking, Minister of State for Petroleum, Chief Timipre Sylva said the completion and commissioning of the NCDMB tower is a salute to President Buhari’s commitment for continuity. He said the completion of the project is a key achievement in the portfolio of priority given to the ministry of Petroleum Resources, adding that the president has worked to change the narrative of the oil and gas industry for the better. The Executive Secretary, Nigerian Content Development and Monitoring Board (NCDMB), Engr. Simbi Wabote, said 95% of the manpower used in the construction of the edifice was sourced from the local manpower.