Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. On Saturday night, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced 453 new confirmed COVID-19 cases. The new cases were reported from 20 states: FCT (75), Lagos (71), Benue (53), Delta (39), Borno (30), Enugu (25), Plateau (24), Osun (20), Abia (19), Oyo (17), Kaduna (16), Kano (13), Ebonyi (13), Ogun (9), Kwara (7), Ondo (6), Gombe (3), Ekiti (2), Akwa Ibom (1) and Rivers (1). Bringing the total in the country to 46,140. 2. The former lawmaker representing Ogun East Senatorial District, Senator Buruji Kashamu is dead. Kashamu died of COVID-19 at First Cardiology Consultants in Lagos on Saturday and will be buried today according to Islamic rites by 12 noon. 3. Gunmen at about 8:25 pm on Saturday, kidnapped the Warri North Local Government Council Chairman, Mr. Aduge Okorodudu. The gunmen, who waylaid the victim’s vehicle, whisked the LG boss and fled towards Ovwian Area in Udu Local Government. 4. The immediate past Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Enugu State, Hon. Augustine Nnamani, has been reelected as Chairman of the Party alongside other 38 members of the State Executives (EXCO) of the party during a peaceful State Congress, held at the Michael Okpara Square, Enugu, on Saturday. The Congress which was conducted in strict compliance with the COVID-19 protocol and monitored by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), had in attendance, the Governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, his Deputy, Hon. Mrs. Cecilia Ezeilo, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, Senator Chukwuka Utazi and other members of the National Assembly from the State, Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Edward Ubosi and his colleagues, the Council Chairmen and other party bigwigs who were delegates. 5. In line with the job creation agenda of the Federal Government, the Vice President, Prof Yemi Osibanjo has reaffirmed government’s commitment towards creation of five million jobs. Osibanjo, who disclosed this over the weekend during the Virtual Presidential Policy Dialogue Session organised by the Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), said that the administration is focused on providing more jobs for Nigerians. 6. The Katsina State Police Command says it has killed eight suspected bandits in Batsari local government area of the state. The Command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Gambo Isah, who disclosed this in a statement on Saturday in Katsina, said that on Aug. 6, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO) Batsari, led Operation Puff Adder to Zamfarawa village based on a report that bandits numbering over 40, armed with AK 47 rifles attacked the village. 7. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), has announced that it will not postpone the date of the Edo State governorship election slated for September 19. National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education, Festus Okoye, said the commission will not be disturbed by the threats of violence by political parties and candidates. 8. Hundreds of Peoples Democratic Party members in Bogoro Local Government Area of Bauchi State, where a former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, hails from, have defected to the All Progressives Congress. The APC Chairman in Bogoro Local Government Area, Haruna Rikaya, who welcomed the defectors on Saturday, said they would be treated equally as APC members. 9. The governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai, has said he would not support a northern candidate for the presidency in 2023. According to him, the idea of zoning the presidential seat is necessarily not constitutional, but is based on the country’s political arrangement which he believes should be respected. 10. Conference of Nigeria Political Parties (CNPP) has told President Muhammadu Buhari to call the country’s security chiefs to order. The CNPP said this while condemning the arrest of protesters in the country, urging the security agencies to stop militarising Nigerian youths.