The Commissioner of Police in Oyo State, Mr. Joe Enwonwu, on Monday said that the police will do their best to ensure re-arrest of a suspect, who escaped from police custody last week. DAILY POST gathered that Sunday Shodipe, a suspect, who was arrested in connection with killings of Barakat Bello, Azeezat Shomuyiwa and including a five-year-old boy identified as Mujeeb was paraded along with two others in July this year. However, the Oyo State Police Command on Sunday said that the suspect has escaped from its custody. The command in a statement by its Public Relations Officer (PRO) Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, said that the suspect escaped after he has been charged to court. The escape of the suspect has attracted several reactions and condemnations from many citizens of the state. DAILY POST recalls the traditional ruler of Akinyele, the local government area where series of killings have been taken, has raised an alarm that the people of the area are no more safe. The Alakinyele of Akinyele, Oba James Odediran raised this alarm while reacting to the escape of a prime suspect in the killings of more than five people in the local government area. But, Enwonwu, while breaking silence on the escape of the suspect, said that his men are already on the stand by to re-arrest the suspect. Enwonwu told journalists led by Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Chairman in the state, Alhaji Ademola Babalola, that he will do everything to ensure that the state of free from crimes. He said, “So, I want to use this opportunity to tell residents of the state not to lose hope. It is very unfortunate. “We will do everything to ensure the re-arrest of the suspect. We will do our best to ensure re-arrest of Sunday Shodipe, who escaped from police custody. We will do everything to ensure his re-arrest. “We will do everything to ensure that Oyo state is crime-free.” Babalola earlier in his remarks told the Police Commissioner that he and other journalists were disturbed with the news of the escape of the suspect. He urged the Commissioner to ensure that his men perform their duties in line with the laid down rules and regulations. He said, “We are disturbed with the news of the escape of Sunday Shodipe. That is why we have to come here. Police custody should be the safest place to keep a suspect in Nigeria.”