Owners of property adjacent to the Akanu Ibiam International Airport Enugu that were demolished recently by one Arch. John J. Emejulu have cried out to the federal government to come to their rescue. The landlords, who made the call while narrating their ugly experience to newsmen, on Saturday, said Arch. Emejulu led armed thugs to destroy their property after demanding 15 million naira each from them. Speaking on behalf of the landlords in the neighborhood, Mr. Basil Madueke, whose duplex was destroyed, said it was the third time the perpetrator came with armed thugs to demolish their property. Madueke who led the newsmen round the affected structures, stressed that Emejulu’s level of intimidation and brutality were unbearable. He added that Emejulu has been terrorizing the neighborhood claiming to be the rightful owner of the entire area including the Enugu Airport land, which was also affected by his destruction exercise. Madueke explained that he, just like most other landlords, rightfully acquired their lands from Best Shelter Limited and have the necessary documents backing them up. His words: “This is the third time Mr. J. J Emejulu is destroying my property. And I have all the evidence, both pictures and video to back up my claims. So, I call upon the federal government to take immediate action because I demand that this very man should pay for the damage he has caused me and other affected landlords. “It is not only me, he destroyed many other property, which I can take you around to see. “He came with almost 30 armed thugs, which I know one of them called Biggy. They stole all our property, all our belongings and made away with so many things in our houses”. Also narrating his experience, a tenant of one the affected buildings, Mr. Kingsley Obiora, said that they woke up in the morning on that fateful day and were shocked to see touts pulling down the fence of their compound. Obiora, who expressed sadness at the incident, added that the armed thugs came into their apartments, destroyed other parts of the building and carted away their personal belongings. Another landlord, Mr. Joshua Akachukwu Otu, gave similar narrative, describing the incident as embarrassing as he acquired his property legally.