A 16-year-old female COVID-19 infected student is writing her Senior Secondary School Certificate examinations at the Kwara State isolation centre for infectious diseases in Ilorin. An official of the state government disclosed this in Ilorin on Wednesday. DAILY POST reports that the student (names withheld) to avoid stigmatisation, reportedly wrote her Agricultural Science paper under close supervision of a WAEC official. Dr Kudirat Oladiji-Lambe, Team Lead, Manager Case Management Team, Kwara Covid-19 Infectious Diseases centre, told newsmen in Ilorin that ” The candidate is asymptotic, stable, and fit to write the examinations.” She said ” The person in question is one of the final year senior secondary school students that enrolled for the ongoing West African Senior School Certificate examinations and she is writing her exam. “She is asymptomatic, which means she does not show any symptoms, and she is stable. She is just here to observe her two weeks isolation process,” Dr. Oladiji-Lambe stated. According to her, “We have certified that she is both mentally and physically fit to write her exams. “She was a close contact with a close relative of her’s that tested positive and it was through contact tracing that she happened to have tested positive. “The candidate was admitted yesterday (Tuesday). She missed a paper yesterday and we informed the authorities, because as child advocates, once she had enrolled for WAEC, the government felt she had the right to write her papers. “That is why the state government thought it wise to arrange for her in order not to miss other papers,” Dr Oladiji-Lambe said. She explained that the state government deemed it fit to arrange for her to have a safe place for her to write the examinations without fear of stigmatisation or risk to others. Currently, there are 906 confirmed cases of COVID-19, out of which 186 are active cases. Six hundred and eighty-seven cases have been managed and discharged with 23 death toll recorded so far since the outbreak of the virus in the state.