Some stakeholders and residents of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital among who are members of the academic, civil society organizations have reacted to the scarcity and increment of prices of protective items against Coronavirus also known as COVID-19 in Ibadan. DAILY POST gathered that as Nigerians continue to look for possible ways of protecting themselves against the deadly Coronavirus also known as Covid-19, scarcity of personal protective items and other essential commodities for protection against the disease is currently hitting Ibadan, the Oyo state capital. Investigations by DAILY POST since Monday revealed that personal protective items such as hand gloves, sanitizers, face masks, buckets, Vitamin C among others are either non-available in some supermarkets, pharmacy stores or have been exhausted. Our correspondent gathered that some of the shops that still have those items in stocks have increased the prices from 100 percent and above. Findings by DAILY POST in some supermarkets, pharmacy stores and medicine stores in some major areas such as Mokola, Dugbe, UCH Road and Eleyele, revealed that prices of the items have been increased since the outbreak of the Coronavirus in December. It was gathered that the changes in the prices became visible since the beginning of March when the incidences of the outbreak increased. Some of the stakeholders, who spoke with DAILY POST on Friday in Ibadan, blamed the increment of the prices and scarcity on the high demand for the items. They, however, expressed their displeasures at the way the prices were inflated at this period when the people need the items most. A Professor of Food Engineering in the Department of Food Technology, University of Ibadan, Professor Rahman Akinoso, confirmed that there is a noticeable increase in the prices of essential commodities in Ibadan. Akinoso said, “There is noticeable increase in price example is SPARTAN -C, a brand of vitamin C that was 185 naira was bought yesterday for 250 naira. Likewise, cough syrup (Coughlin 280 now 350 naira. Out of curiosity, I requested for chloroquine that was 80 naira, it’s now scarce commodity. Although maybe because of status, a Professor, I don’t feel the impact”. Dr. Adeniyi Amusat, an agricultural expert noted that hand sanitizer that he bought at the rate of N500 is now sold at N1,100 at a supermarket in Eleyele. “Hand sanitizer that was being sold for N500 three weeks ago, I bought it for N1,100 at a pharmacy shop along Eleyele Road. Ditto for nose cover being sold for N20 and commonly used by the Okada riders, I bought 1 for N250naira. The prices of these items were deliberately hiked because of heavy demand due to corona virus”. Dr. Bayo Busari, a lecturer at the Lead City University, Ibadan and a public affairs analyst said that his wife bought those items periodically but the increment in the prices may not unconnected with the Coronavirus outbreak. “My wife does the purchase periodically but the recent increase in prices of these items is not unconnected with the principle of demand and supply. Everyone is rushing to buy the same items at once without a corresponding increase in supply. The phenomenon is not peculiar to Nigeria other countries going through the pandemic also experience the same scenario. More importantly, we don’t have a strict pricing regime in Nigeria except for supermarkets, which are not enough to meet all customers’ needs”. Mr. Kola Amusat-Gbenla who works with a Disaster Risk Management Organization insisted that his organization cannot afford some of the items for its sensitization campaign on the use of protective materials. “The prices of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) is skyrocketing beyond what can be imagined. I work for Disaster Risk Management Organization and we use these protective materials in our sensitization campaigns on COVID-19 to get more people informed and show them how those PPE are used. “Today, I can tell you we can not afford to buy items like sanitizers, nose and mouth cover, mask and even liquid detergent again because they are too expensive. For example the common sanitizer small size that goes for N200 before is now around N700 or more. It is affecting our sensitization campaign on Covid-19. We need these supplies for distribution and to show how they should be used by our people. We did not get any support yet from anybody or agency what the centre is doing is self effort to complement the activities of government to contain the spread of COVID-19”. Imam Salahuddeen Busairi, Director General, World Islamic Peace Foundation (WIPF) had this to say, “Callousness of the traders. This is the time the services of philanthropists are needed. Our money bag Nigerians can procure and distribute these commodities free.”