The Government of the United Kingdom has announced that all schools in England will be shut down from Friday as a result of the recent coronavirus outbreak. UK Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, made this known while speaking at the government’s daily press conference on Wednesday. Johnson said this was a preventive measure taken to avoid the continuous spread of the virus. According to him, the whole of London would not be on lockdown yet and people’s movement in public will not be restricted. He said “Judging from where we are now, we must apply downward pressure on that upward curve by closing the schools.” “So, I announce today that after schools are shut down from Friday afternoon, they will remain closed for the vast majority of pupils until further notice. “This does mean that the exams will not hold as planned in May and June, though we will make sure that pupils get the qualifications they need and deserve for their academic career. “We have always said that we are going to do the right measures at the right time. “We will not hesitate in bringing forward faster measures where we think that is necessary. We rule nothing out.” Gavin Williamson, the Education Secretary, who spoke at the press conference also stated that the virus was spreading rapidly and that is why schools will remain closed till further notice. He said “The scientific evidence shows these settings are safe for this small number of children to continue attending. “But asking others to stay away will go towards helping us slow the spread of this virus.” “The spread of the virus is increasing at a faster pace than anticipated” which is why the PM had to rapidly change course. “I understand that this is a testing time for the whole nation but we will be directly saving people’s lives.” DAILYPOST recalls that the virus which broke out from Wuhan, China in December was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organisation (WHO). Nigeria has reported more cases of the virus and over 6,500 people have been killed across the world and 27 African countries affected 