Ohanaeze Youth Council(OYC), the apex Igbo socio-cultural youth organizatioN has called on the federal government through the Ministry of Health as a matter of urgency and national security, disclose true identities of 156 Passengers on board the aircraft that brought in the index case of coronavirus to the county. The call was contained in a press release jointly signed by the President-General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and Secretary-General, Okwu Nnabuike, and forwarded to DAILY POST on Tuesday afternoon. The group asserted that the disclosure would encourage Nigeria citizenry adopt early preventive measure and further lauded the collaborative approach of the Chinese Embassy in Nigeria towards the handling of the coronavirus outbreak. According to the group, “Since it was reported that Federal government is struggling to reach out to the passengers, such disclosure is a preventative method to halt the spread of the Covid 19. We recalled that with the identity of Patrick Sawyer revealed by Jonathan’s administration during the Ebola outbreak, helped Nigerians to halt the spread. Federal government should do the needful and reveal the true identity of the Italian man and his pictures to the public without further delay. “The embassy had confirmed that there is no evidence or record that stranded Nigerians especially Igbos had contracted the Coronavirus, President Muhammadu Buhari-led federal government should rescue Nigerians in China since there’s no case of COVID-19 among Nigerians”. Ohanaeze, however, appealed to the Southeast Governors Forum to put adequate health preventive measures at the Sam Mbakwe International Cargo Airport Owerri as it had uncovered laxity in screening of passengers by health workers at the airport. “It opined, “There should be strict health preventive measures in all motor parks in the South East especially those conveying passengers from South West zone . Ohanaeze Youth body is monitoring keenly to know the identities of those that had come in contact with the Italian coronavirus patient in Lagos and Ogun States. Governors should build emergency isolation centres with world class facilities to ensure that we are prepared for any eventuality. “Igbo youths laud Professor Ezeibe and Professor Maurice Iwu on their discovery of vaccines that will cure Coronavirus. Presidency and governors should support the duo to provide commercial quantities”.