President Muhammadu Buhari on Sunday ordered a total lockdown in Lagos and Abuja as cases of Coronavirus continue to rise in Nigeria. The move was taken following a number of confirmed cases outside Lagos, Ogun and Abuja. Buhari made the announcement during a nationwide broadcast on Sunday. The president ordered suspension of all movements in Abuja and Lagos as from 11pm of Monday, March 30th. The restriction is also extended to Ogun state following its proximity to Lagos State. The restriction will be for two weeks as the country takes measures to curtail the spread of COVID-19. He ordered that all citizens in these states must stay at home excluding hospitals, PHCN, and private security companies. Buhari said: “We are therefore working to ensure such inter state and intercity movements are restricted to prevent further spread. “Based on the advice of the Federal Ministry of Health and the NCDC, I am directing the cessation of all movements in Lagos and the FCT for an initial period of 14 days with effect from 11pm on Monday, 30th March 2020. “ This restriction will also apply to Ogun State due to its close proximity to Lagos and the high traffic between the two States. “All citizens in these areas are to stay in their homes. Travel to or from other states should be postponed. All businesses and offices within these locations should be fully closed during this period. “Heads of security and intelligence agencies have also been briefed. We will use this containment period to identify, trace and isolate all individuals that have come into contact with confirmed cases. “We will ensure the treatment of confirmed cases while restricting further spread to other States. “This order does not apply to hospitals and all related medical establishments as well as organizations in health care related manufacturing and distribution. “Furthermore, commercial establishments such as;a. food processing, distribution and retail companies;
b. petroleum distribution and retail entities,
c. power generation, transmission and distribution companies; and
d. private security companies are also exempted. “Workers in telecommunication companies, broadcasters, print and electronic media staff who can prove they are unable to work from home are also exempted.” He, however noted that all seaports in Lagos shall remain operational in accordance with the guidelines. “Movements of all passenger aircraft, both commercial and private jets, are hereby suspended. Special permits will be issued on a needs basis.”