Stakeholders in Ebonyi state and chairmen of local government areas at the weekend berated opposer’s of airport construction by the President Mohammadu Buhari led administration in Ebonyi state. Recall that there have been several protests by host communities where the Airport was situated. Some communities had allegedly accused the state government of attempting to take away their ancestral land forcefully. The Airport is sited in five communities of Ezza south and Ezza North LGA’s; Amuzu, Oriuzor, Nwezeoka, Nwezeokaoha, and Umughaoru communities, a vast land donated by the chairmen of the two council areas. But, stakeholders of the two local government areas, led by the Secretary to Ebonyi state Government and Coordinating Commissioner, Dr. Kenneth Ugbala have said the opposer’s of the airport project is anti-Ezza clan and should be medically reexamined. The team who were on the inspection of work at the Airport site reiterated their unflinching support for the ongoing airport project sited at their land by the state government and were impressed and satisfied with the progress of work. The SSG noted that the essence of the visit was to inspect the project and ascertain areas where the Ezza clan could assist the state and Federal government to ensure speedy and accelerated works on the project. Ugbala further thanked the traditional rulers and Council chairmen of Ezza South and Ezza North for donating the land, stressing that any dissenting voice does not represent the position, resolution and decision of Ezza Nation. He said, “this is a time God has destined that Airport will come to Ezza land. We thank the Governor, Chief David Umahi for bringing the project here. We are here to inspect the project. It’s a divine providence that our Governor has chosen here. We have a passion for the Airport. We are one, and all Ezzas have one voice as it concerns the project”.
“We thank the traditional rulers and the two Council chairmen for donating the land. Other criticisms do not represent the position of Ezza nation. Our position is that while thanking the Governor and Federal government, we are supporting the airport 100 percent, and we will support it with our money, labour, and other services”.
“We are not aware of anyone opposing it. As enterprising clan, we know that enemies can come to work against it but we are in support of the project in Ezza nation. We advise that if there’s any Ezza person suspected to be opposing the project, his or her DNA should be tested. We are not joining issues with anyone. For the issue of compensation, we have setup a technical committee that will come up with resolutions that will represent the interest of our people” he said.
In their separate remarks, the two Council chairmen, Mr. Sunday Ogodo and Dr. Nora Aloh thanked the Governor and Federal government for the project and assured them of all needed support to ensure the completion of the project Ogodo said “we are here to debunk the rumor that we don’t want the Airport. As one of the donors of the land, None of the opponents are from Ezza clan. We appreciate what the Governors has done to Ezza nation with the project. We will give him all the needed support to ensure that the project comes to fruition,” he said. Meanwhile, traditional rulers from the host communities said that the decision of Governor Umahi and the Federal government to site the project in Ezza land has laid to rest, the neglect of the clan since the creation of the state. The Ebonyi state chairman of Traditional Rulers Council, Ezeogo Charles Mkpuma declared that those opposing the project would not be given a breathing space, as Ezza People won’t succumb to their threats. Ezeogo Mkpuma said “we thank God for making us beneficiaries of the project. The Governor has blessed us by taking this project to Ezza land. He takes Ezza nation as his second home. Those enemies won’t be allowed breathing space in the project. We stand here to say that they are disowned. They are disgruntled elements and we can’t succumb to their threat”.