For going against the moves to remove the dethroned Emir, Muhammadu Sanusi II late last week, the Kano State House of Assembly has suspended five of its members involved in creating chaos in the legislative chambers. The House of Assembly, Monday suspended the five members for six months over the last week’s rowdy session in the house. The Speaker, Abdulazeez Gafasa who announced the suspension of the members at the resumption of today’s sitting, said the members were suspended for misconduct and violation of the rules of the House. Members suspended include, Garba Yau-Gwarmai, APC representing Kunchi/Tsanyawa Constituency, Labaran Abdul Madari, APC representing Warawa Constituency, Isyaku Ali Danja, PDP representing Gezawa Constituency. The other two members are Mohammed Bello, APC representing Rimin gado/Tofa constituency and Salisu Ahmed-Gwamgwazo, APC representing Kano Municipal respectively. According to the Speaker, “the five members were suspended for violating the rules of the house especially Order IV Sub 4 a, b, d and e disrupted the sittings of the house and prevented proceedings from going on. “They behaved violently and even attempted to snatch away the mace in a clear attempt to sabotage the sitting of the house,” Gafasa said. Our Correspondent recalls that at the resumption of last week Monday sitting of the House, some members attempted to disrupt the sitting. The attempt followed an attempt by the Chairman of an ad-hoc committee constituted to investigate the former Emir of Kano, Muhammad Sanusi ll, with a one-week dateline to present its report. The legislators when they sensed a move by the committee Chairman, the Deputy Speaker, Alhaji Hamisu Chidari to read an observation two days before the dateline, a member representing Dala Constituency, Alhaji Hussaini Lawal rejected the attempt. Immediately, other PDP members and some APC legislators protested and also rejected the attempt, which caused the fracas, a situation that led to physical combat among some members.