The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Oyo State Council on Sunday, announced an 11-man ad-hoc committee to accurately collate incidences and give accurate information to the public on the deadly Coronavirus also known as COVID-19. The union maintained that this is necessary in order to douse the tension in the land. NUJ stated that in view of disinformation, outright falsehood and illogical news items being churned out to the public by ’emergency journalists’ in this time of ravaging Coronavirus otherwise known as ‘COVID -19’, the 11-man ad-hoc committee has been named to work with various stakeholders in the prevention and give accurate information to the public on the deadly Coronavirus. The union in a statement signed by the duo of Alhaji Demola Babalola and Mr. Sola Oladapo, Chairman and Secretary respectively, stressed the need for the media practitioners “to up our game” and assist the relevant stakeholders in properly channeling the right information to the public and those in authority, for us to stem the tide of the virus. The statement reads, “There is danger in further spread of fake news and as professionals, we must be seen to be above board. “Apart from our investigative efforts to draw government and public attention to some of the untold stories of the ravaging virus, we must also work with the relevant stakeholders to synergise efforts at stamping out the virus in our immediate environment and across the globe. “To this end, the ad-hoc committee has been charged to work with the leader of the State Task Force Committee on Covid-19, Governor Seyi Makinde; the management of the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan; the Nigerian Medical Association; market leaders, community heads and other stakeholders across the State,” the statement stressed. The statement appealed to the social media/Online patrons to be vigilant and sieve the news on Covid-19 in order not to fall victim of fake news. The statement charged the committee to adopt the recent statement from the NUJ national secretariat which called the attention of the government to close down some institutions including the nation’s airports and allow only the essential service providers like hospitals, media, banks and a number of others to function optimally, to safeguard the health of citizens. The Committee which has; Bukola Oriowo of Channels Television as Chairperson, has Jadesola Ajibola (NAWOJ Chairperson); Sade Oguntola; Alhaji Abiodun Akinkunle (Chairman, BCOS, Chapel); Tade Oludayo (PhD) and Mr. Bayo Faleke. Others are; Rofiah Animasahun-Badmus; Ramat Alade; Khalid Wale; Aminat Busari-Adeleke while Akeem Abas, Treasurer of the union will serve as Secretary.