Former Governor of Anambra State, Mr. Peter Obi has engaged his successor, Willie Obiano, over who should earn credit for the construction of the National Youth Service Corps’ permanent orientation site in the state. Obiano haf a week ago commissioned the new orientation camp of the NYSC in Mbaukwu, in Awka South Local Government Area, amid encomiums for his efforts. But, former governor Obi insists that he did most of the job to relocate the orientation site from Umunya in Oyi Local Government Area to Mbaukwu and deserves the credit. The former Honorable Commissioner for Youth and Sports under the Peter Obi, Hon. Edozie Aroh, who spoke in defence of the former governor, stated that the new Orientation Camp was clearly the brainchild of his principal. He said, “The budgetary provision for the construction of NYSC Permanent Orientation Camp and that of the Awka Township Stadium were made ahead of time in 2012/13 State Budget” “The financial outlay for the construction of both projects, like most other infrastructures budgeted were set aside in the respective Ministry’s bank cordinates/accounts.” “All necessary approvals were given by the then incumbent Governor and the State Exco and all necessary mobilisations as statutorily required were done for the construction to commence.” Aroh regretted that by 2014 when Obi left office, the Willie Obiano administration discontinued payment to the contractors, not minding the evident work the contractors had so far done. He said, “Unlike Awka Township Stadium however, construction works continued at NYSC Permanent Site, Mbaukwu/Umuawulu, because the contractor handling the project with a touch of ownership pumped in his personal funds to see that the NYSC Permanent Site was built in his hometown.” He appreciated Obiano for letting the NYSC Permanent Site survive construction, as against the Awka Township Stadium, but added that it would amount to robbing Obi to pay Obiano if Obi was not given adequate glory for the NYSC Permanent Site he initiated and planned its execution.