The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) has raised alarm that the deadly Coronavirus has begun to affect the revenue collection of the agency. The Zonal Coordinator, Nigeria Customs Service, Zone A, Lagos, Assistant Controller General of Customs (ACG) Kaycee Ekekezie made this known while on an official visit to the Oyo/Osun Area Command of the Nigeria Customs Service in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital at the weekend. Ekekezie who said that the Controller General of Customs, Col. Hameed Ibrahim Ali (rtd) has directed her to visit the commands in the zone in a bid to sensitize officers of the command, however lamented that Coronavirus has affected the revenue collection on importation through the sea ports. While insisting that smugglers might use the opportunity to smuggle uncustomed goods into the country through the land borders, Ekekezie charged officers of the command to be vigilant and intensify efforts in combating smuggling activities. Ekekezie who noted that Customs is an important agency at the borders and every entry points in the country, charged officers of the command to be cautious in the discharge of their responsibilities at all times. “The Controller General of Customs Col. Hammed Ibrahim Ali has directed me to visit all the commands in my zone to sensitize officers on the menace of Covid- 19 and to take necessary precautions to prevent ourselves from the virus. “Customs is an important agency at the borders and every entry points of the country, therefore officers should be cautious while discharging their duties. “The menace has become a global issue that has affected revenue collection on importation through the sea ports. Therefore, smugglers might want to alternatively device any means to bring in goods through the land borders. Be more vigilant and intensify your efforts. Ekekezie while speaking further, commended the command and its officers over the recent seizure of some uncustomed goods. “I convey the CGC’s appreciation to the controller and the entire officers of the command on the seizures of PMS (petrol), rice and other uncustomed goods showcased during the last press conference and I urged officers to do more. “I expressed satisfaction on the drastic transformation of the command within the few weeks of the Controller’s assumption of duty in the command. I commend the Controller in ensuring that the officers are up and doing in their responsibilities in anti-smuggling activities and revenue collection. The Area Controller of Customs in charge of Oyo/ Osun Command, Ngozi Uche in her remarks thanked the Assistant Controller General of Customs for visiting the command. She expressed her appreciation to the Controller General of Customs in ensuring that the officers are safe while discharging their duties. She also pledged that officers of the command would not fail in the discharge of their responsibilities at all times.