Leaders of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State have described some members of the party who are kicking against the nomination of the immediate past Governor of the state, Mr. Abiola Ajimobi as Deputy National Chairman (South) as “blackmailers”. The leaders in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Monday, described the aggrieved members as those “seeking undue recognition”. DAILY POST gathered that some members of the party including the immediate past Deputy Governor, Mr. Moses Adeyemo and other ‘kitchen’ cabinet members of the immediate past Governor had earlier kicked against Ajimobi’s nomination. Some members of the party in Ekiti state have also kicked against Ajimobi’s nomination. Others who opposed Ajimobi’s nomination apart from his ersewhile Deputy, are his Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Akin Olajide and his Special Adviser, Political, Alhaji Fatai Ibikunle. Others are Senator Soji Akanbi; Alhaji Abu Gbadamosi; Dr. Ahmed Ayinla; Alhaji Ganiyu Alade; Hon. Lasun Adebunmi; Pa Tijani Balogun; Alhaji Lekan Kazeem; Chief Abolade Akinyemi; Chief Goke Oyetunji; Abodunrin Hammed and Fatai Ayanyemi. The APC stalwarts in a two-page communique made available to journalists and obtained by DAILY POST on Monday, jointly signed by some elders of Oyo APC who are mostly from the Unity Forum, loyalists of former Governor of the state, Alhaji Lam Adesina, said factions within the party must be carried along before any appointment is made in Oyo. They said, “We have watched with concerns and a lot of trepidation at the widening polarisation of our great party in Oyo State. This polarisation has made the party to lose the gains of many years of hard work. We cannot close our eyes to the fact that in the course of party events, the polarization led to the emergence of factions. “Recently and in spite of our efforts, at the local level to reconcile these factions, the news came out that a National position was being recommended to be given to a member from one of the factions. “This has caused a lot of tension and s breakdown of Reconciliation talks. We therefore took a very decisive step by calling an emergency meeting on Wednesday February 12 with a view to calming down nerves. “After much deliberations, we came to the conclusion that a strategic vision of the future demands that no faction is empowered with party appointment until a true reconciliation of all these factions have been done. Doing otherwise may lead to total collapse of the party in Oyo State. That the reconciliation committee members are concerned with a greater future for APC in Oyo State. “That the said committee will do the right thing not minding whose horse is gored without any fear or favour. We are recommending that no national executive appointment within the party should be made for now, from any of the factions until a true reconciliation has been effected. We affirm our confidence in all our national leaders. We specially appreciate the reconciliation steps taken so far by Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and chief Bisi Akande”. But, leaders of the party in a letter addressed to the national chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole, and signed by the chairman of the party in the state, Chief Akin Oke and other executives of the party, Oyo APC said it has been inundated with the nefarious activities of some opportunistic elements and fifth columnists who were disturbing the media space with periodic tantrums in the name of attracting undue attention to themselves as political players. The party said “These political clowns would stop at nothing to rock the boat of Oyo APC from a distance since they were not part of the family again having left to join other political parties at different times. The latest in the series of their shenanigans is the unpopular stand on the nomination of Sen. Ajimobi for the post of the deputy national chairman (South) of the party. “For some of them who were with us at one time or the other and those political neophyte being co-opted into the script, it is simply an act of betrayal against the person of Sen. Ajimobi. “As it is not in our character to profile any funny character under our roof, we cannot always help the situation when it is ‘black sheep that comes forward to reveal his status as a slave within the clan.’ The build-up to the crisis which engulfed Oyo APC in 2018 was the handiwork of some enemies within who were indulged for too long by the leadership of the party. The few agents of ‘mutiny’ acted to destabilize and weaken the party for the benefit of only themselves and some external forces without checks despite availability of damning evidence against them. No thanks to the magnanimity and the forgiving spirit of our leader, Sen. Abiola Ajimobi who kept preaching tolerance. “In the end, the same divisive elements forced their way out but not until a sacrilegious plan to fractionalize was hatched and nurtured in what was called Unity Forum. The same promoters of Unity Forum partially succeeded in blackmailing the then Gov. Abiola Ajimobi, Chief Akin Oke, President Muhammadu Buhari as well as the national leadership of the APC in their bid to justify a plan to sabotage the party in the 2019 general elections. They were able to get sponsors from outside the state and with heavy funding, they made spirited efforts to give the dog a bad name so as to hang it”.