Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to instruct the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) to jointly monitor federal and states’ spendings on coronavirus. SERAP stated that this would remove the risks of corruption and mismanagement in the healthcare system that is already weakened by systemic corruption. A letter signed by SERAP deputy director Kolawole Oluwadare, said the coronavirus crisis required quick responses to ensure public funds are well spent, and promote access to basic public health and other services to those most in need. SERAP said by prioritising transparency and accountability in the spending of funds to combat coronavirus, the Buhari administration will be taking preventive measures to ensure the health and safety of Nigerians are not compromised by corruption. SERAP expressed concern that systemic corruption in the health sector across the country would hurt the federal and state authorities’ responses to the coronavirus crisis. The letter read in part: “The challenges posed by the coronavirus pandemic also show the urgent need for your government to improve Nigeria’s health systems and to encourage state governors to commit some parts of their security votes to provide additional resources towards strengthening the health systems within their states. “Your government ought to move swiftly to increase spending on efforts to combat coronavirus in the country and provide funding support to Nigerians that are most affected by the crisis, by presenting COVID-19 budget/spending plan to the National Assembly and setting up a COVID-19 trust fund to which wealthy individuals and others should be encouraged to contribute. “The proposed increase in spending of funds on COVID-19 means accountability for those funds should be top of your government’s list of priorities, if it is to remove opportunities for corruption that can undermine initiatives to stop the spread of COVID-19.” SERAP noted that the EFCC and ICPC should ensure that anyone found to have mismanaged or stolen public funds meant for addressing the coronavirus pandemic are effectively prosecuted and punished. It also advised Buhari to take urgent measures to ensure that health sector services in federal institutions and agencies are strengthened and that the appropriate corruption risk assessments are implemented and monitored.