Former Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, on Thursday declared his readiness to work with any willing persons in ensuring the safety of Nigerians. Atiku made the declaration while explaining why he asked the Federal government to restrict flights when the country recorded its first index case of Coronavirus. He urged the Federal Government to come up with policies geared towards protecting Nigerians. Recall that the Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire had a few weeks ago confirmed the presence of Coronavirus in Nigeria. Following Ehanire’s disclosure, Atiku had urged the government to restrict flights into Nigeria. However, the former Vice President urged government to err on the side of caution by ensuring adequate protection of Nigerians from further contracting the disease. In a series of tweets, Atiku wrote: “Two weeks ago, when #Nigeria recorded its index case of the #coronavirus, I had cause to urge the Federal Government to restrict flights from nations with a high prevalence of the Coronavirus plague. This is in line with global best practices. “This is a patriotic call on the Federal Government of Nigeria to take every reasonable step to protect the citizens of Nigeria, by temporarily suspending flights to and from such countries, until we build up our ability to contain the coronavirus. “Our borders should, however, be open to Nigerian citizens, regardless of their status. “Despite the commendable efforts of our patriotic health officials, it will be recalled that to date, we are yet to identify or locate multiple passengers who flew in with the index case from Italy. They could be anywhere. “We must, therefore, err on the side of caution. We cannot afford to broaden the possibility of future infections. “The economic impact of a widespread infestation of the virus in Nigeria will be catastrophic and will affect our national security, and status as Africa’s leading economy. “I urge that every political & any other differences be put aside. On my part, I am first a Nigerian, & I am willing & ready to work with anybody, at anytime, at whatever cost, to ensure the safety of this country, which is the only country we have to call our home, & her peoples. “We must act now. We must put Nigeria and her citizens first. We must ensure that our national policy is deliberately tailored to protect our most excellent national resource, the great Nigerian people.”