Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A Federal High Court sitting in Kano State, on Thursday set aside the ruling by Justices Danlami Senchi suspending Adams Oshiomhole as National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC. Justice Allagoa, while hearing the matter, ordered security agencies like the police, the Department of State Service, DSS, to provide security for Oshiomhole as he resumes office. 2. The Senate on Thursday, approved President Muhammadu Buhari’s request to borrow $22.7 billion despite objection from some Senators. Buhari, in 2019 had sent the loan request to the Senate but was rejected by the Upper Legislative Chamber under the leadership of Bukola Saraki. 3. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on Thursday arraigned Aisha Wakil, popularly called Mama Boko Haram, alongside two others on eight counts, bordering on fraud. The two other arraigned with her before Justice Umaru Fadawu of the Borno State High Court, Maiduguri, are senior members of her non-governmental organisation, Complete Care and Aid Foundation, Alhaji Saidu Daura and Prince Lawal Shoyode. 4. Bandits have kidnapped three councillors of the Gummi Local Government Area of Zamfara State and they are demanding for N40m as ransom. The kidnapped councillors are Lawal Gummi of Ubandawaki ward, Murlata Arzika of Gayari ward and Sahabi Abubakar of Birnin Tudun ward. 5. Suspected Fulani herdsmen in the early hours of Thursday attacked the Mbanyiar community in the Guma Local Government Area of Benue State and raped three women, including the district head’s wife. According to a native of the community, who simply identified himself as Terka, the suspected herdsmen headed straight to the residence of the community head and attacked the household. 6. The convocation ceremonies of the University of Lagos, Akoka, slated for next Monday to Thursday, have been suspended. A statement by the Dean of Students Affairs, Prof. Ademola Adeleke, on Thursday stated that the management regretted the inconvenience the development might cause the fresh graduates and their families. 7. Lagos State Commissioner of Health, Akin Abayomi, has revealed there are now three more suspected cases of coronavirus in the state. The Commissioner refused to disclose the identities of the patients, but confirmed they were currently at the Infectious Disease Hospital in the Yaba area. 8. The South-South Governors’ Forum, on Thursday, resolved to form a regional security outfit to check crimes and criminality in their region. Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta, who made the announcement to newsmen at the end of their meeting in Government House, Asaba, explained that the regional security outfit would help address the numerous security challenges in their respective states. 9. Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, on Thursday, opposed an application before a Federal High Court, Lagos, seeking final forfeiture of two of his Ikoyi, properties, located at 17 and 17A McDonald Road, Ikoyi. Justice Mohammed Liman, who advised any interested party to appear and show cause why a permanent order should not be made on the properties, adjourned until April 24 for judgment. 10. Six pregnant ladies have been rescued from a baby-making home located at Imedu Olori area of Mowe, Obafemi Owode Local Government area of Ogun State. The police spokesman in Ogun, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said on Thursday that the baby factory was discovered on Friday, when an inmate, who escaped from the home, reported her ordeals at the Mowe police station.