The Nigeria Police, Akwa Ibom Command, has announced the arrest of 34 suspected cultists in the state. The Police Public Relations Officer, CSP Nnudam Fredrick, gave the details in a statement on Friday. He said barely five days after the proscription order was signed by the governor, the Commissioner of Police, CP Imohimi Edgal, ordered DPOs to go after the groups. “Operatives of the Command identified and raided cultists rendezvous in Uruan Local Government Area, Uyo plaza and 101 Estate in Uyo Local Government, where 34 suspected cultists were arrested. “The Commissioner of Akwa Ibom State reiterates that in the coming days, additional bites would be given to the law against cultism.” It added that Edgal has urged Area Commanders, DPOs and Tactical teams to intensify the fight while the State Intelligence Bureau (SIB) personnel arrest cultists and the sponsors prosecution. The Commissioner of Police called for the support of residents to make the state safer. The government, on Monday, proscribed 51 cult groups and societies in all schools in the state following recent violence and clashes. This is in addition to cult groups banned by the state government in 2018. The new proscription order, titled “Cultism and Other Violent Behavior (Prohibition) Order” and signed by Governor Udom Emmanuel in Uyo, became effective on the 16th of March, 2020. The secret groups are The Luttox, Red Skins, St. Stephens, Dewell, Sept 11 Group, Secret Sons of Satan, King Cobra, J.V (Junior Vikings), Bats, Predators, Black Ladies, Black Cross, Scavengers, Skylolo, Sons of Nights, Blood Brotherhood, Junior, Buccaneers, White Angels and Musket. Daughters of Queen Amina, Lion, Leo Lion, Neo Black Movement of Africa, Temple of Eden, Daughters of Jezebel, Amazon, Black Brazier, Barracudas, Black Beret, The Dragon, Red devil, Blood Suckers, Scorpion, Black Eye, Eyie, Sons of Nights, White Angels, Yellow Ribbon and Python. Others include Black Sword, Supreme Dred Lock, Black Heart, Black Dagger, White Brothers, High Mafia, Street Mafia, Family Mafia, Supreme Red Skin, Italian Mafia, Separate Brothers Confraternity and Clansmen. Groups proscribed in 2018 were Vikings, Black Axe, KKK, Buccaneers, Mafias, Luttox (Junior Black Axe), Debam, Dewell, Icelanders, Red Skins, Pirates, Amoc, Akwa Marines and Utoto Groups (419).