A student of Osogbo Grammar School, Akintade Abdullahi, on Monday, was declared as the “Overall Best Young Nigerian Scientist of the Year”. Abdullahi came first in the National Examination of the 774 Young Nigerian Scientists Presidential Award, organized by the Federal Ministry of Science and Technology, as President Muhammadu Buhari awarded him full scholarship up to Ph.D. level for attaining such feat. The Governor of Osun State, Mr Adegboyega Oyetola, who was the Guest of Honour at the event held at the Eagle Square, in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja, was reportedly elated over the development. According to a statement signed and made available to newsmen in Osogbo, the capital of Osun State, by the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, Ismael Omipidan, Oyetola personally congratulated the winner and his parents, as he expressed appreciation to President Buhari. The statement quoted Oyetola praising the President “for putting measures in place to build the capacity of the youth through education as a way of preparing them for their role as the leaders of tomorrow.” It said Oyetola also commended the Federal Ministry of Science and Technology for instituting the 774 Young Nigerian Scientists Presidential Award to develop the interest of young Nigerians in the sciences through competitive examination. The statement quoted Oyetola as saying:” The emergence of Master Akintade Abdullahi Akanbi, from a humble background and a product of our public school system, Osogbo Grammar School, as the Best Young Nigerian Scientist of the Year is a testament to the quality of the public school system of the State of Osun. “This award is a lesson to our youths that their background cannot and should not be a hindrance to their success in life. It is also a lesson that there is hope for the nation’s public school system if we muster the political will to make it qualitative and productive. “For us in Osun, education is the bedrock and the driver of our Development Agenda. We are committed to providing adequate, qualitative, equitable and functional education for our children. “I am proud to say that there are many Akintades in our public schools waiting to emerge. We shall continue to expose them to opportunities and offer them same so that our aim of using education as the driver of sustainable development would be attained”. Oyetola, as the statement puts it however charged corporate organisations to complement the Federal Government’s efforts by instituting competitions and facilitating projects that will produce scientists for massive technological development.