A member of the National Assembly, Senator Kabir Abdullahi Barkiya has declared that the activities of the Boko Haram insurgents are completely opposed to the teachings of Islamic religion. Barkiya who represents Katsina Central Senatorial District made this disclosure while speaking with journalists in Abuja at the weekend. He maintained that some of the activities such as killing of people and burning of places of worship were not Islamic. Barkiya said, “There is nowhere in the Qur’an where Allah said innocent people should be killed. However, we cannot call them kufar (unbelievers) until they denounce the Kalimah (testimony). “We cannot call the Boko Haram kufar (unbelievers). They didn’t deny Islam but their activities are contrary to the teachings of Islam. That’s why I said there is nowhere in the Qur’an where Allah said innocent people should be killed. They are ignorants who were brought up indoctrinated and following a wrong ideology. “Therefore, it is a teamwork for all Nigerians, particularly Muslims, to deplore their activities and teach people the pristine Islam different from what Boko Haram is preaching. We have to put heads together to see how we can preach to them (Boko Haram members) that what they are doing is wrong. We need to also tell others that what Boko Haram is doing is not Islamic. So, this is the only way. “We have to be collective in this task – I mean we, the true Muslims. A verse in the Holy Qur’an says; “We will not change your condition except you decided to change your own condition by yourselves”. So, that’s what we ought to be doing fundamentally.” Barkiya noted that apart from the military action already being waged by the Nigerian Army at the war front, fervent prayers and fasting can also bring an end to the decades of Boko Haram’s terror in Nigeria. He added that the role of prayers and fasting in overcoming challenges bedevilling the country cannot be ignored. “You cannot force people to join your religion. It is unacceptable. Therefore, most people are just ignorant and do not have knowledge of Islam. It is our duty as Muslims to explain to people that the perception is wrong because Allah Who owns the religion says you should not force people into it. You can only encourage people until they feel convinced. “Islam insists that a leader should give everybody his rights, whether Muslims or non-Muslims because Allah will ask you about it on the day of judgement. Everybody under you has his rights. This is what people don’t know. “Therefore, Islam is a religion of peace. God has put us together – Muslims, Christians, Pagans. It is our duty to come together and do things collectively and peacefully to move the country forward. “While the soldiers are fighting at the war front, it is important for all Nigerians irrespective of their religion including the religious leaders to unite and pray for the country to defeat Boko Haram, bandits and others. ”Don’t forget, the government has done the first thing, which is providing basic equipment to fight Boko Haram, but winning any battle is in the hand of Allah and it requires prayers. “That’s why I strongly support Governor Zulum who appealed to Nigerians to pray and fast for Borno and other places being threatened by insecurity. I read that a lot of Nigerians, both Muslims and non-Muslims observed it. That is very great. Allah will surely answer the prayers of the oppressed and verily the challenges will be surmounted”.