Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A Federal High Court sitting in Kano State has granted an interim injunction restraining Kano Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission from further investigating Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II. In an exparte order granted by Justice Lewis Allago on Friday, the court instructed the state Anti-Corruption and its Chairman, Barr. Muhuyi Magaji, Attorney General and Commissioner of Justice of Kano State and Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje to maintain the status quo pending the hearing and determination of the substantive motion. 2. The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has bombarded the Boko Haram terrorists’ camp at Alafa ‘C’ in the heart of Sambisa forest in Borno State. This was contained in a statement on Friday by Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola, NAF Director of Public Relations and Information. He said the operation was conducted on Thursday through the Air Task Force (ATF) of Operation LAFIYA DOLE under the auspices of Operation DECISIVE EDGE. 3. Nigeria’s Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, has said that they are still tracking 93 of the passengers, who boarded the same Turkish Airlines flight with the Italian, who became the index patient for coronavirus in the country. Speaking at a press conference in Abuja on Friday, Ehanire revealed that 55 of the 148 passengers were being monitored. The Italian, whose identity is still being withheld, arrived in Nigeria one week ago and tested positive to the virus. 4. The International Human Rights Commission said, it has uncovered plot to set up the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Muhammad Ibrahim Tanko. Speaking at a press conference on Friday in Abuja, Ambassador Friday Sani, said any attempt to tamper with any arms of government for selfish political interest was against the universal declaration on human and peoples right by the United Nations which Nigeria is a co-signatory. The IHRC said, it cannot sit to watch Nigeria’s democracy being gagged by few elements in the guise of quest for power. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari led federal government, in its update on coronavirus, on Friday, said the Isolation Centre in Abuja will be ready in April. Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, said this while responding to the remarks of Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, on the poor state of the facility. The Isolation Centre is located in Gwagwalada, a suburb in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). 6. A former Governor of Imo State, Ikedi Ohakim has blamed the current security situation in the country on the nation’s political leaders who have remained unmoved and indifferent in tackling the security challenges confronting the country. Ohakim stated this today while delivering a lecture. He said that insecurity has hitherto become the national anthem on the lips of every Nigerian, a situation, he noted will continue to portray the country in a bad light before the international community. 7. An unidentified woman and her lover are now feared dead after a ”hard sex” at a house in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital. The lady was found lifeless while her male partner was found unconscious with his manhood erect in a Storeyed building at Elechi-Wobo street Mile 3 Diobu, Port Harcourt. Eyewitnesses said neighbours broke into the Self-contained apartment and found the two victims naked. 8. The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Friday disclosed that its leader, Nnamdi Kanu will lead a one-million-man march to protest against the killing of Christians in Nigeria. The match by Kanu and members of IPOB will take place on the 20th of March in Washington DC, Maryland and Virginia. A statement by IPOB’s spokesperson, Emma Powerful said the match was aimed at creating international awareness on the killing of Christians in Nigeria. The Separatist group also explained that the match would help liberate victims of “neo-colonial subjugation in Nigeria.” 9. Former Head of State, General Yakubu Gowon (retd), said yesterday, that the Igbo nation were still been marginalized in Nigeria’s polity. Gowon, who spoke at a public event organized by Igbo Leadership Development Foundation, called for the appropriate measures to end the pains of the continuous marginalization of Ndigbo in the scheme of things. 10. The Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Ogbonanya Onu, has said the United States of America is conducting tests on a ‘chemical compound’ isolated by Prof. Maurice Iwu, ex-Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, which could be a possible cure for coronavirus. Onu dismissed reports suggesting that Iwu had found a cure for the disease, disclosing that his initial finding was that the compound could cure SARS.