Members of the House of Representatives Committee on Aviation, have tasked the contractor handling the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu, PW, to double its efforts towards ensuring the airport is reopened by Easter, as earlier promised. Speaking on behalf of members of the aviation committee, when they inspected the ongoing airport rehabilitation, on Thursday, the committee chairman, Hon. Nnoli Nnaji, expressed concern over the pace of work, stating that “it is not acceptable to us if you don’t complete this project before Easter”. Hon. Nnaji who reminded the contractor of its promise that the rehabilitation of the runway and installation of necessary equipment will be ready before Easter, disclosed that the committee had promised Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, whom he said has made a lot of contributions towards the reopening of the airport, and the entire South East people as well as all those using the airport, that the project will completed, inaugurated and put to use as promised. “So we are asking you to apply all necessary means to facilitate this all-important project. You promised us that even if it means working at night, that you people will achieve it. Double your efforts so that this airport can be used before Easter. There are certain things you complained about; the consultant said they have been taken care of. So I don’t think there will be issues. “We are pleading with you to deliver quality work as scheduled. We don’t want to disappoint our people. We want to make sure that we live up to our promise”. Insisting on quality, Hon. Nnaji maintained that his committee is also ensuring that the work being done by the contractor meets the international standard for the safety and convenience of the airport users. During their visit to Gov. Ugwuanyi, the aviation committee chairman, had thanked the governor for all his efforts towards the realization of the airport project, including his recent promise to reconstruct the access road to the VOR/DME and meteorological facilities behind NNPC depot at Emene. He equally appreciated the efforts of other governors of the South East geo-political zone, the Minister of Aviation, Sen. Hadi Sirika, the leadership and members of the National Assembly, especially the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila and his fellow committee members, among others, stressing that “we have a mandate to ensure that the Airport is reopened before Easter”. Addressing newsmen, the Enugu State Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure, Engr. Greg Nnaji, who is also member of the Technical Committee of the South East Governors Forum on the rehabilitation of the Enugu airport, restated Gov. Ugwuanyi’s commitment towards completion of renovation works at the airport. Other members of the committee, during the oversight function at the airport, include Hon. Musa Mohammad Pali (deputy chairman), Rt. Hon. Martin Oke, Hon. Victor Nwokolo, Hon. Kasimu Bello Maigari, Hon. Ifeanyi Chidi Momah, Hon. Abubakar Yarima Idris, Hon. Shoyinka Olatunji, Hon. Hassan Abudulahi and the clerk of the committee, Young Woko.