The Cross River State government has vowed to resist the construction of Navy five Star hotel in Calabar, Cross River State capital The government said the project which is a few kilometers away from the Governor’s Office in Calabar will pose grave security challenges for the state and is also in flagrant violation of the state’s town planning regulations. Addressing a press conference in Calabar, the State Commissioner for Lands and Housing, Professor John Inyang said the construction of the Navy five star hotel was the project that does not augur well with the state government, particularly the Ministry of Lands and Housing. “It amounts to a breach of security to put up a commercial structure very close to the governor’s office, and a five star hotel at that location will cause a lot of security concerns for the state”, he said. He called on the navy to obey the town planning laws of the state which entails application for allotment and subsequent approval by the town planning authorities before any building project takes place. “The government is asking the navy to make a formal request for allocation and do the needful by obeying the land use laws, building regulations which entail the application to the director of town planning before approval is given. “This is part of land administration in all states in the country and the navy is ignoring these laws and have with impunity commenced the construction of a five star hotel”, he said. On the controversial land project for the hotel which is under contention between the government and the navy, he said the navy authorities have no title to the said land and stressed that the government is seeking legal redress to recover the land. He said the government remains open to continuous partnership with the Navy and recently allotted 110 hectares of land at Idundu in Calabar for the establishment of the proposed Naval War College and outside Lagos, the state is the highest in terms of Navy Presence. Meanwhile, the authorities of the Nigerian Navy has insisted that it has no intention of joining issues with the state government over land issues stressing that the Navy at no point seized government lands. Commander of the Nigerian Navy Ship Victory, Rear Admiral Vincent Okeke in a reaction said they have documents to the effect that the land in question belongs to the Nigerian Navy and the naval authorities since 1970. He added that the directive to put up a befitting structure in Calabar is from the Chief of Naval Staff Vice Admiral Ibok Ette Ibas and the Navy is always open to working with the state government.