Anambra state government says it has launched what it called domestication of surveilance as a way of beating the entry of Covid-19 into the state. The government said it has also set up an account aid for people willing to donate to the state to help fight the dreaded disease. This was disclosed by the secretary to the state government, Prof Solo Chukwulobelu, during a press briefing in Awka, on Friday. Mr Willie Nwokoye, Principal secretary to the state governor, who was also among those who briefed journalists, said the state has domesticated its surveilance for the disease, and put it in the hands of local people. He said, “We have domesticated surveillance in the state, and we ask that if someone comes in from Lagos or Abuja, or any of those high risk states, you should be able to make the information go round. “That is domestication of surveillance. We want to make sure it does not happen in Anambra State. We have also announced that markets will be closed from Monday. We are not doing this out of punishment, but to protect the people. “This is the time everyone should think up a way to help vulnerable people in the society so we come out of the fight with no one lost.” Secretary to State Government, Prof Solo Chukwulobelu during the briefing announced that an account aid has been set up by the state government to accept donations from wealthy members of the public, to help fight the disease. He said, “We are happy to give you an update of the preparedness for the fight on Covid-19. The governement has set up a taskforce for the fight against Covid-19, and the latest is the account aid for individuals to donate towards the fight against the disease. “The critical thing is to ensure that the virus does no enter the state. We do not have any case for now. The virus is real and is killing people and it is very deadly. We must take all the necessary precaution.” Chukwulobelu said the state government has three major obligations, which are to prevent the spread of the disease into the state, ensure hospitals have facilities on standby in case the disease penetrates the state, and to ensure that there is a taskforce that makes sure that the guideline are implemented. We have decided that an account should be set up to appeal for Anambra who want to donate to the fight against this virus. “People are heeding our calls to shelve social gathering. You can bury dead people and do the funeral later. “We must take all necessary precaution because this state is the gateway to the South East and we are pleading with people to stay indoors and make trips only when it is necessary. Let us not allow the virus to enter the state,” he said. Mr Tony Nwumeh, a senior staff of MP Infrastructure, owners of Millennium City in Awka who represented Clem Nwogbo, CEO of the company, made a cash donation of N5million to help fight the pandemic.