The Bauchi State Assets and Funds Recovery Committee set up by Governor Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed of the state says it has discovered state government’s land in Kaduna State valued at 1.5 billion naira. The Chairman of the Committee, Retired Brigadier General Markus Koko Yake while presenting the committee’s report to the Governor at the Government House Bauchi, recommended for immediate action in order to secure the land from trespassers. The Chairman said these were lands acquired by the government over the years with the ground rent paid up to 2019 while certificates of occupancy for the plots have been in the possession of the state government. According to him, the government had also paid the cost of certificates of occupancy for 2 other plots while it required to apply for reallocation of the remaining 3 plots as they have fallen within the proposed Petroleum University. ” It is to be noted that Bauchi State Government remains the only owner that has not reapplied for the reallocation amongst all similar allottees whose plots fell under the same fate. ” The State Government should hasten to recover House No. 22 Arrakan Road, Nassarawa GRA, Kano which was purchased with government funds at the sum of 284,349,237.00 but yet to be handed over to the government. In addition two properties purchased in Bauchi which we paid for are similarly not handed over to the state government.” Markus Koko Yake noted that the property belonging to the State Government adjacent to Wikki Hotel, Bauchi which the former Governor M A Abubakar sold to himself without following due process should be recovered. ” The 8 exotic vehicles which the former Governor illegally sold to himself are to be recovered include 3 state government’s tractors he illegally allocated to 3 persons outside the state (in Katsina, Daura and Kazaure). It is to be noted that 4 similar tractors have been recovered recently at his residence at Fadamar Mada in Bauchi.” The Chairman said the committee discovered that the administrations of Malam Isa Yuguda and M A Abubakar have received allocations of over 1 trillion naira in addition to over 65 billion naira Special Releases collected by the immediate administration. He stressed the need for the state government to improve the status of several assets for effective revenue generation and mentioned the assets to include Mining Lands, Yankari Games Reserve, Sumu Wildlife Park, Hotel outfits and its moribund industries. ” As regards to contracts awarded within the period under review, 19 MDAs submitted a total of 12,249NO. Contracts/ Services with a total contract sum of 97,190,028,881.30 to the committee. 78No of Contracts/ Services from 6 major MDAs with a total contract sum of 63,840,092,807.15 representing over 65 percent of the total award sum by the 19 MDAs were verified and analyzed. He further informed the governor that the available time to the committee was further shortened by the two legal actions instituted by former Governor Isa Yuguda And M A Abubakar at the Bauchi State High Court and at the Federal High Court in Abuja by the former Governor M A Abubakar respectively. Speaking while receiving the report, Governor Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed directed the State Attorney General to prosecute those found wanting. Governor Bala promised to implement the report of the committee as it will be his working document. ” We are happy to receive the report of the committee we set up in July last year. I want to assure the people of the state that his administration will ensure people are accountable.”