The Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Thursday, rejected the appointment of a former Governor of Oyo State, Abiola Ajimobi, as the new Deputy National Chairman (South). It said the statement announcing appointment was a fraudulent assertion. A statement by the state Publicity Secretary, Ade Ajayi, described as null and void the decision of the National Working Committee (NWC). It recalled that South-West caucus of the party met in Lagos on January 31 and mandated its state chairmen and other members of the caucus to meet and decide on the matter. The chapter said the South-West caucus of the party again met on February 4 at Osogbo, the Osun State capital and it was inconclusive. “How can the party now issue a statement on March 4 that a decision was taken on Jan. 14? As far as the Ekiti APC is concerned, our nominee for the vacant position of the Deputy Vice Chairman (South) is Sen. Gbenga Aluko and we have not ceded our right to the position,” the statement said. The party said that it was unfortunate that the NWC could still go ahead to usurp the position of NEC, which it said, was the only body empowered by the party’s constitution to ratify nomination of candidates. It recalled that the same NWC wrote to the leadership of the South-West caucus sometimes in February to forward the name of their nominees to fill the vacant position. “How come then that the decision for ratification was taken on January 14? Meanwhile, one should ask: whose prerogative is it to ratify the nomination? Is it that of NWC or NEC? “From the provisions of the APC constitution, it is clear that only NEC can ratify such nominations. Suffice, therefore, to say that the purported ratification by NWC of Ajimobi’s nomination is an effort in futility,” it said. The party also recalled that an aggrieved aspirant to the contentious vacant position had instituted an action at the Federal High Court in Ado-Ekiti, praying against any nomination or announcement of anyone to fill the vacant position, pending the determination of the suit. According to it, all the parties to the suit have been duly served, including the office of the National Chairman. “For anyone to go ahead to take any decision or action while the matter is pending before a court of competent jurisdiction will not only amount to overreaching the court, but contempt and nullity of the purported action and decision. Ekiti APC added that whatever nomination and announcement that might have been made was nothing more than a nullity and exercise futility.