There is crisis in Ogun State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Monday as a statement disparaging former governor, Olusegun Osoba took over the social media space. An online media based in Ogun State had reported that the State Commissioner for Youths and Sports, Dr Oluwadare Kehinde, during an interactive session, described Chief Osoba as a failure. But Kehinde said he never made such a statement against the APC leader; threatening legal actions against the online media. DAILY POST reported in 2019 that loyalists of Osoba came at daggers drawn with Gov Dapo Abiodun of the state, allegedly for sidelining them in his list of Commissioners. Being one of the Commissioners, whose nominations Osoba’s loyalists kicked against, many people believe the Commissioner must have uttered the statement as a way of firing back at a perceived ‘enemy’. The online media quoted Kehinde as saying: “In 1999, Bola Ahmed came on board with the likes of Osinbajo, Kayode Fayemi, Fashola, Aregbesola, Mamora, Muiz Banire, Tokunbo Afikuyomi, Obanikoro, et al. And till today, all these people are doing well in their respective fields and that is why till today you see in Lagos, Ambode, Fashola, here and there doing well. When you also look back to that 1999, when Osoba was governor, Lam Adesina was governor, Oyegun as governor, and Dariye and few other people in 1999, how many of them can we point to, that these are the people that they are able to build. And we all know that, a leader without a successor is a failure. And that’s what matters in this world. “So, here in Ogun State, the only person I can see with Osoba is Segun Adesegun. Asides, Segun Adesegun, no other person again. So, likewise in Oyo State, nobody I can probably say this belongs to Lam Adesina’s camp. Likewise, Adefarati and few other people. But Bola Tinubu, appreciates brains.” In a swift reaction, the Commissioner issued a statement he signed personally, saying:
“At no time in the course of the interractive session where the said statement was erroneously picked up from, was the person of Aremo Olusegun Osoba maligned, rubbished or disdained. This can only be the unfortunate wish of the publisher(s). “It is quite evident that the ulterior motive of the online news medium (media) is just to attract traffic to their “cob-website”, this should however not be at the detriment of revered people’s dignity and reputation. “The purported statement was a discussion taken out of context. “Our Father, Aremo Olusegun Osoba is one of the few nationally acknowledged and respected elders statement, of both national and international reckoning. An Icon who has left an enviable record of achievements both in the public service and his professional career. Baba is well known for his great favourable disposition to tge emergence of youths in the positions of power and authority, of which my humble self, as the serving Honourable Commissioner for Youth and Sport have benefited immensely from. “I am also not in doubt that Baba Olusegun Osoba as a foremost Journalist will not hesitate to regard the publication as one of the sensational sides of modern day journalism. “I hereby urge the good people of Ogun State particularly the large community of Youths to discountenance the said malicious report. “Not withstanding, however, necessary legal steps will be taken against the concerned online medium if no retraction of the story is attempted within the shortest possible time.”