Governor Douye Diri of Bayelsa State has warned members of the opposition All Progressives Congress, APC, that he will now deploy the full weight of the law if they refuse to accept his olive branch. The Governor, who said the opposition party must realise that he is now on the seat of power, also donated the N40 million awarded to him and his deputy Senator Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo, by the Supreme Court to the church. The Supreme Court had on Wednesday, while dismissing the application filed by the APC for the review of its earlier judgement that sacked David Lyon as the governor-elect of the State, fined Afe Babalola (SAN) and Wole Olanipekun (SAN) lawyers to the applicants and ordered them to pay the respondents. Governor Diri, during a special thanksgiving service at the King of Glory Chapel, Government House, Yenagoa, said he and his deputy are donating the money, amounting to N40 million to the church. Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Daniel Alabrah, in a statement, said that the well attended service tagged: “Victory thanksgiving” was put together to appreciate God for His intervention. Diri added, “What has happened only proves the fact that there is a God that rules in the affairs of men. His decisions are final and supreme. “There is no Supreme Court greater than the supreme court of God. He gave that judgment through the learned justices and some people felt they had to question Him. “And God spoke through that woman that delivered the judgment. According to her, who are you to question the supremacy of the Supreme Court? “And so for desecrating the temple of justice, a cost of N10 million each was imposed on two of the senior lawyers that represented the other party to be paid to three of the respondents, which included me and my deputy. “Without even consulting my deputy, I have decided that both of us will surrender our N20 million each, that is N40 million, to the work of God in the church.” The Governor underscored the need for APC members in the state to embrace the olive branch extended to them for the sake of peace and sustainable development. He said some opposition elements in the State were still bent on fomenting trouble over the victory of the PDP at the Supreme Court. “As a people, let us learn to move ourselves upward. We need to build on the prevailing peace in this state so that investors can come in and we can also create employment for our young ones who want to work,” Diri said. “That is why we have offered the olive branch and we expect them all to accept it. But for those who refuse to accept it, but rather are planning evil, they should realize that we are now on the seat of power. We have every information at our disposal.”