Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A third case of coronavirus has been confirmed in Lagos, Nigeria. The state’s Commissioner of Health, Akin Abayomi, who revealed this at a press briefing on Tuesday, said the victim is a 30-year-Nigerian lady and her case is “independent of the index case”. 2. Adams Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), Tuesday, announced the lifting of the suspension on two National Working Committee (NWC) members of the party. Oshiomhole, during the party’s NWC’s meeting in Abuja, lifted the ban on the National Deputy Chairman, North, Senator Lawan Shuaibu and the National Vice Chairman, North West, Abdulkadir Inuwa. 3. The House of Representatives has called on the Federal government to ban all large gatherings in Nigeria to prevent the spread of Coronavirus in a motion of matters of urgent public importance moved by Luke Onofiok on Tuesday. The House resolved to urge the federal government, the ministry of aviation and security agencies to immediately halt all flights from high risk countries, especially the United Kingdom, Spain, Italy, United States, China and South Korea, except for Nigerian citizens who will be tested at the point of entry and may be quarantined if necessary. 4. Members of Nigeria’s upper legislative chamber, Tuesday, called for a travel ban on high-risk countries such as China, United Kingdom, United States and others. This call was made over the global spread of Coronavirus also known as COVID-19. 5. The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has abruptly ended activities at orientation camps across the country following the widespread of the deadly coronavirus. The Batch A orientation camps for graduates, which started last week, March 10, and were supposed to last for 21 days, were told in the middle of the night that the camps had closed and they were all to receive their letters to places of primary assignment. 6. The House of Representatives has urged the federal government to direct Multichoice Nigeria – owners of DStv and GOtv – and other Direct-to-Home Broadcast Satellite Service providers to implement Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) tariff plans. This followed a motion moved by Hon. Unyime Udem and adopted by the House at the plenary on Tuesday. The House also mandated its Committee on Information and Technology, and Telecommunications to investigate the non-implementation of PAYG tariff plans by the Service Providers with a view to ensuring strict compliance with the tariff plan. 7. President, Nigeria Medical Association, NMA, Dr. Francis Faduyile, has called on the federal government to close borders against countries with high cases of coronavirus. Speaking in Lagos, Faduyile said that the time has come for the country to close its border against countries with a high level of coronavirus infection, noting that coronavirus gets loose in the country, Nigeria will suffer for it. 8. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has appealed to the World Bank to come to the aid of Nigeria as it battles poverty. Lawan added that Nigeria also needed World Bank intervention as coronavirus was making it difficult to raise revenue for the implementation of the 2020 budget. 9. An Indian, who was under quarantined in Lagos State, has tested negative for coronavirus. The state’s Commissioner for Health, Akin Abayomi, who made the disclosure, the suspect is doing perfectly well in isolation unit. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the postponement of the National Sports festival., Mr. Sunday Dare, the Minister of Sports and Youths Affairs, said. This action came after people have been calling on the President to ban movements in public gatherings because of Coronavirus spread