Okezie Ikpeazu, the Governor of Abia State, has issued 48 hours ultimatum to the Transition Committee Chairmen of the seventeen local government areas of the state to launch grassroots information service on the increase cases of Coronavirus pandemic ravaging some states in the country. The governor threatened to sanction erring local government chairman that fails to comply with the government’s directive aimed at protecting Abia citizenry and inhabitants from the COVID-19 disease. Ikpeazu’s directive was contained in a report by Inter-ministerial Committee on Prevention of Coronavirus Pandemic, and jointly signed by the Secretary to the State Government(SSG), Chris Ezem, Commissioner for Health, Dr. Joe Osuji and the Commissioner for Information, John Okiyi Kalu. According to the report forwarded to DAILY POST on Wednesday, the Governor equally banned night club activities as part of precautionary measures mapped out in preventing citizens against the pandemic. It stated, “No burial, wedding and other ceremonies, for the next 4 weeks, should involve more than 30 persons who must ensure that they sit/stand at least 1.5m apart from each other. Security agents have been briefed to ensure full enforcement. “Religious worship centers are to ensure that for the next 4 weeks not more than 50 persons attend any of their worship streams and programs with a minimum sitting or standing distance of 1.5m apart from each other”. Continuing, “Henceforth, all tricycles (Keke) operators in the state should carry only a maximum of 2 passengers per time and they must sit at the back with only the rider in front. “Mini buses popularly called “Oke Bekee” are ro carry only 5 passengers per time while 14-seater buses are to carry only a maximum of 5 passengers per time with none in front except the driver. “All inter-state bus parks or terminals must procure and deploy digital thermometers for screening of inbound and outbound passengers as well as provide hand sanitizers and hand washing materials for use by all staff and passengers or risk immediate closure,” the report added.