Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The total lock down in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States commenced 11pm last night and is expected to last for 14 days. Within this period, residents of these areas are expected to remain indoors except health workers, food vendors and media practitioners who can prove they can’t work from home. 2. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Monday confirmed 20 new cases of coronavirus in the country. Nigeria now has 131 new confirmed cases of the virus. 3. The United States Mission in Nigeria has announced commencement of evacuation of its citizens from Nigeria due to the conronavirus outbreak which has killed 35,000 people worldwide. Interested citizens were said to have indicated readiness to leave the country to be with their loved ones back home. 4. The Governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, has revealed that he tested positive for coronavirus. Makinde, who disclosed this in a series of tweets from his official handle on Monday evening, said he’s asymptomatic and will continue to self-isolate. 5. Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu-Olu has announced that five Coronavirus patients have been discharged at the Infectious Disease Centre, Yaba Mainland Hospital, thus bringing to eight the total number of discharged patients from the Centre. The patients, who had been quarantined at the isolation centre for weeks, looked stable and unruffled. 6. The Anambra State Government has confirmed that the Governor of the State, Chief Willie Obiano has gone into self-quarantine. The Secretary to the State Government, SSG, Prof Solo Chukwulobelu and the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Mr Primus Odili, who gave the confirmation in a joint press briefing on Monday, said the Governor has been in self-quarantine since 11 days, and has not shown any sign of the disease. 7. Nigeria has recorded another Coronavirus death. Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, who made the disclosure at a media briefing on Monday, said The three fatalities include one American who died in Ekiti State. 8. The Ondo State Government has ordered the immediate closure of all markets across the state, including the sale of food, medicine and water in respect of the coronavirus pandemic currently ravaging the globe and the country. According to the state government in a statement signed by the State Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo, the move was part of measures to stem the spread of the COVID-19 into the state. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday, signed the COVID-19 Regulations, 2020, thereby declaring coronavirus a dangerous infectious disease. The signing was contained in a statement by Buhari’s spokesman, Femi Adesina, saying the president relied powers conferred on him by Sections 2, 3 and 4 of the Quarantine Act (CAP Q2 LFN 2004). 10. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) on Monday, suspended clearing of cheques in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun until further notice, following the lockdown order which affects the nation’s capital and the two neighboring states. The CBN directive was contained in a circular to Deposit Money Banks and the Nigeria Interbank Settlement System (NIBSS) by the Director of Banking Services, Sam Okojere.