Gov Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has announced the closure of its borders with the neighbouring states as well the Republic of Benin. Abiodun told DAILY POST that the closure will be effected at 12 midnight on Sunday, March 29. DAILY POST reports that the border closure will be in force for two weeks in the first instance. With this restriction order, government said movement in and out of the state is banned; being a further measure to prevent a surge in cases of Coronavirus pandemic recorded so far in the state. In a statement signed on Saturday by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, Gov Abiodun stressed that the state is constrained to effect border closure in order to stem and flatten the curve of the spread of the dreaded Coronavirus, “not only in the state but in the country and in the West African sub-region.” “The position of Ogun State is peculiar. It not only shares an international border with the Republic of Benin, it does so with all other states in the South West (except Ekiti), including Lagos State, which has understandably recorded the highest number of infections in the country, largely because it hosts the busiest air and sea ports and it’s the nation’s economic capital. “The border closure will not only be beneficial to Ogun State but the national efforts to curtail and contain the virus. Lessons from other climes strongly indicate that closure of borders has the potential to drastically flatten the curve of spread whilst unrestricted movement portends grave dangers”, Governor Abidoun further explained. However, the Governor said “the only exceptions to the interstate restrictions are vehicles conveying personnel involved in essential services such as security agencies, health workers, food and medical items and petroleum products.” He enjoined citizens to fully cooperate with security agencies, who he said have been fully briefed and directed to effect the closure, noting that at this period of a global pandemic and national emergency all hands must be on deck to slow down the spread of COVID-19; adding that the border closure and other measures will be reviewed from time to time.