The Bayelsa State Police Command has arrested a killer police Inspector serving at Kaima Police Division in Kolokuma/Opokuma Local Government Area of Bayelsa State, Mr. Tuddy Warebayigha, for the alleged shooting to death of his wife, Mrs. Charity Francis Tuddy, over a lingering dispute due to the custody of some of their children. The deceased, who was a teacher at the State Government Primary School board at Sampou community in the local government area, was reportedly shot twice in the leg and in stomach at close range. Eyewitnesses revealed to DAILY POST that the incident, which occurred last Monday, threw the entire Sampou community into mourning. DAILY POST, also gathered that the killer Police Inspector, an indigene of Agorogbene in Delta State, was known to be behaving in erratic manner and suspected to be in the habit of heavy consumption of alcohol. “Sampou indigenes that witnessed the incident, said though the couple were no longer together as husband and wife, the Police inspector usually threatened to deal with the wife. As she was on her way home from the farm, her armed and tipsy husband accosted her and demanded for the whereabout of the children. “The deceased was not responding to the abuse being rained on her. Her police husband cocked his rifle and shot her in the leg. Other sympathizers who attempted to grip him from behind and possibly disarm him were met with threat of death. “After he shot her in the stomach, he was seen making phone call to another woman, saying “I have shot her” and “I have dealt with her.” When contacted, spokesperson of the Bayelsa Police Command, Asinim Butswat, confirmed the development, stating that the killer Police Inspector has been arrested and under investigation, ”On 24/02/2020 at about 1350 hours, Inspector Tuddy Warebayigha, serving at Kaima Police Division, Bayelsa State shot his wife, Mrs Charity Francis Tuddy on her way to the farm at Sampou, Kolokuma/ Opukuma Local Government Area, over marital misunderstanding”. “The victim was immediately rushed to the hospital, where she was confirmed dead. The suspect was arrested and detained at the State Criminal Investigation Department for further investigation. He has been defaulted and if found culpable, will be dismissed and charge to court”.