Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Kano State Government, under Dr. Umar Abdullahi Ganduje, Monday, announced the immediate removal of Emir of Kano Muhammadu Sanusi II as the Emir of Kano. The State Secretary to the Government Usman Alhaji, who announced the removal/dethronement, said the Emir was removed for his total disrespect to the lawful instructions from the government and the lawful authorities 2. Following the dethronement of Emir Muhammadu Sanusi II by the Government of Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, Monday, the State has announced one of the sons of late Emir, Ado Bayero, Aminu Ado Bayero as the 15th Emir of the State. Until his selection and subsequent appointment by the Four Kano Kingmakers, Aminu Ado Bayero was the Emir of Bichi one of the four New Emirs created by the Ganduje administration. 3. Former President, Olusegun Obasanjo has reacted to the dethronement of Emir Sanusi of Kano State. Reacting, Obasanjo in a statement he personally signed on Monday, said Sanusi’s dethronement was good and bad, adding that the dethronement is good because Sanusi has paid the price. 4. The dethroned Emir of Kano Muhammadu Sanusi ii, has said that his removal from the stool of Kano Emirship is nothing new because every power is transient except that of God. The emir in a video on his Facebook page said the throne of an emir is not permanent, “every king and leader should know this, If it were a permanent throne, he wouldn’t have been the emir of Kano.” 5. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, OYC, has raised the alarm over a planned attack on pro-Biafra groups, the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, and the Movement for the Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, by Fulani herdsmen. The Igbo apex youth organisation said that Boko Haram terrorists masquerading as herdsmen may invade Southeast East in an attempt to destroy the fragile peace being enjoyed in the region, calling on Ndigbo at home and the diaspora to persuade the Governors in the region to hasten up their plans for the establishment of Southeast Regional outfit, Ogbunigwe. 6. Awareness for Good Leadership, Peace and Development (APGDA), has called on the Katsina Government and the Northwest region to establish an outfit similar to Amotekun to tackle insecurity. APGDA President, Abdullahi Aliyu, who gave the advice in a chat with journalists after he submitted a petition at the Katsina State Governor’s Lodge in Abuja, urged Governor Aminu Masari re-think his recent decisions and policies, including the suspension of activities of vigilante groups. 7. The Chairman, Senate Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Legal Matters, Opeyemi Bamidele, has explained the approval of $22.7bn loan request by President Muhammadu Buhari. Bamidele, in an interview with newsmen on Monday in Iyin Ekiti, stated that the Senate’s decision was to save the country’s economy from sliding into recession, adding that the N10.8 trillion 2020 budgetary provision by the Buhari government was prepared in a way that would avert another economic quagmire. 8. The Lagos State House of Assembly has impeached and replaced two principal officers. The House, after plenary, unanimously elected Noheem Adams (Eti-Osa constituency 1) as the new Deputy Majority Leader; Mojisola Miranda (Apapa constituency 1) is the new Chief Whip. 9. Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State, on Monday, announced the passing away of two of his aides, Chief Friday Akpoyibo and Chief Godspower Muemuifo. Okowa, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, on Monday, commiserated with the families of the deceased and their communities of Orogun in Ughelli North Local Government Area and Egbo-Ide in Ughelli South Local Government Area, respectively. 10. No fewer than 24 persons have been burnt beyond recognition in a fatal auto accident at Gwamfai village in Jahun Local Government Area of Jigawa State. Media aide to the Jigawa State Governor, Auwal Sankara, who confirmed the incident, said it happened while Governor Muhammad Badaru Abubakar was on his way to Gumel, explaining that the accident happened when the driver of an 18-seater Toyota bus from Jahun heading to Shuwari market in Kiyawa Local Government Area lost control and rammed into a black market petrol seller on the road side.