The leadership of the Parliamentary Staff Association Nigeria (PASAN) National Assembly chapter, has dissociated the union from a communiqué purportedly signed by some members of the association calling for a protest against the management of the National Assembly. Comrades Suleiman Haruna and Kingsley Odi, Secretary and Public Relations Officer (PRO) of the PASAN, while speaking with journalists on Tuesday at the National Assembly said that “the association at no point agreed on or authored such a communiqué.” The duo reiterated the confidence of the union on the management of the National Assembly. They stated that the union was in full support of the full implementation of the reviewed condition of service by the management of the National Assembly to the effect that all the staff of the parliament will benefit as envisaged in the already gazetted document. According to the PASAN Secretary, “there has never been a time, officially or unofficially where we discussed the issue of going against the reviewed condition of service.” Speaking further, Haruna said that the union was rather anxiously waiting and expecting the full implementation of the reviewed condition of service as captured in the document. He said: “The union initiated that, and we thank God that where we are today is that it has been fully captured and gazetted. Upon that we give our full support to that document. “At this point, all what we are appealing for is the speedy implementation of the reviewed service so that it will come to be fully. “And we believe in the system and institution, that is, the National Assembly, and we trust the capability of the current management of the National Assembly to fully implement the document.” The PASAN officials revealed that the review was the brain child of the Union, hence, they were happy about it. “I want to make it categorically clear that PASAN is never against the reviewed condition of service and can never be against the reviewed condition of service because from the records, the initiative to review the condition of service actually emanated from PASAN. So there is no way PASAN can be fighting its own initiative. “What we are rather saying is that we want a speedy and full implementation of the reviewed condition of service, especially the financial aspect so that every staff of the National Assembly will go home smiling. It is never officially recorded that PASAN is kicking against the reviewed condition of service,” the PRO stated.