The Abia state chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC), has described the embattled national chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomihole as a civilian dictator. The party claimed that the national chairman destabilized the APC in the state by deliberately allowing opposition PDP card carrying members to pick the APC tickets which led to the governing party’s poor performances. Mike Ozoemena, the factional Publicity Secretary of the Emmanuel Ndukwe-led State Working Committee(SWC) APC in Abia, made the claim during a radio programme tagged, “The Platform” and monitored by DAILY POST in Umuahia, the state capital, Monday. He said the calls for Oshimohole’s resignation by many APC leaders was not borne out of 2023 presidency. Ozoemena said the demand for the national chairman’s resignation following the purported suspension slammed on him was to correct injustices that was perpetrated before, during and after 2019 general elections. Recall that some aggrieved members of the party had dragged Oshiomhole to court in a move to get him removed as National Chairman. Following the suit filed at a Federal Capital Territory, FCT, High Court, Justice Danladi Senchi had ordered Oshiomhole to stop parading himself as National Chairman of the party pending the determination of the matter. However, a Federal High Court in Kano State had on Thursday vacated the order of the court. But, the embattled national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole has appealed the Abuja High Court’s decision to suspend and deny him access to the party’s national secretariat. In the disclosed appeal documents, Oshiomhole has challenged the court ruling that suspended him. The defendants in the case include Mustapha Salihu, the deputy chairman of the party (North-East). However, according to the Abia APC spokesman, “Oshimohole succeeded in destabilizing Abia APC with his abysmal handling of the party affairs and primaries in the state. It is not about 2023, it is about correcting the injustices of the party, and get APC on a solid foot. “You know in party politics, you don’t join a party at the national level. You join the party at the ward level. So, once you are not a member of the party, you can’t be a member of the party in Abuja. That’s why if you are joining, you will ask to go to your ward. If your ward says Mike, you are no longer our member, that is it. Because of his arrogance, Oshimohole did not go to court to contest it. The same yardstick which he(Oshimohole) measured somebody else particularly our Vice chairman in the North-West, forgetting his time has come now. “Because he is fighting a war at home, his governor being the leader of the party got his ward to suspend him and ratified by his local government area and the State. So, he ceases to be a member of APC. As the court rightly said, there is no way you will be a non member and you are still presiding over the party at all levels. “Nigeria today, President Muhammadu Buhari is the leader of APC in Nigeria while in Edo state, the leader of the party today is Governor Godwin Obaseki just as he was when he was the governor. Comrade Oshimohole after meeting President Buhari last Friday, he wanted to return back to the Party secretariat in Abuja, the police stopped him”. He added, “if he had the backing of the President, the President would have asked the IG of police to vacate the place. But, as we speak now, the place has been locked up, because he is not the national chairman of APC going to the order of competent court of the land. So, until he(Oshimohole) vacates that order, he ceases to be our national chairman. That’s the way it is. “We are law-abiding party. This APC is predicated on the rule of law. Now, he has been caught up with the kind of things he was doing to other people. There is no room for dictators in APC”.