Ohanaeze Youth Council (OYC), the apex Igbo youth organization, Thursday, condemned in strong terms the killings of Nigeria soldiers( majority of whom were Christians mostly from the Southern and Middlebelt part of the Country in an ambush at Gorgi Village in Borno State. The Igbo group insisted that infiltration through absolving of repentant Boko Haram sect members into the Nigerian Army resulted in the killing. DAILY POST recalls that the Nigerian troops were ambushed in a well calculated attack by Boko Haram terrorists. The incident took place after a military operation in Alagarno axis of Borno State. Boko Haram reportedly used the information provided by their local collaborators to stage an ambush. The reports had it that they(Boko Haram sect) shot at military logistics trucks conveying fuels and ammunitions in the area. The attack on the trucks triggered massive explosions that led to the death of 47 gallant troops of the Nigerian military. On Tuesday, Coordinator of Directorate of Defence Media Operations (DDMO), Major General John Enenche, confirmed the incident. But, OYC, in a press release issued by it’s President General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and forwarded to our correspondent on Thursday, urged the President Muhammadu Buhari-led federal government to do the needful and flush out elements of Boko Haram sect in the Army as government might be losing the war against terrorism and insurgency in the North East. It said, “Ohanaeze Youth appeal to the Defence headquarters (DHQ) to redeploy all christian soldiers to the South as a strategy to win the war against insurgency in the North East. It only when the so-called repentant Boko Haram sect that infiltrated in the Army are meant to alone (without Christian Soldiers)execute the war against terrorism. There will be victory on the side of the Nigerian Army, because, it will be repackaged terrorists versus Boko Haram terrorists, but, if paired with Christian Soldiers, there will be sabotage and leaking of information across to Boko Haram which will put christian soldiers as sacrificial lambs in this war against insurgency, like the ambush against Christian Soldiers mostly Igbos in Gorgi village, Borno state”. Ohanaeze, however, condoled with all the families especially Igbos that lost their loved ones in the ambush in Gorgi Village Borno State. It said, “With the frightening battle against coronavirus across Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari should direct the Defence Headquarters to change strategy against the war against Boko Haram. Presidency should equip the Nigeria’s Army to fight against Boko Haram”.