Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A Federal Capital Territory (FCT) High Court sitting in Jabi District of Abuja, Wednesday, ordered a temporary suspension of the National Chairman of the All Progressive Congress, Adams Oshiomhole, pending the determination of the substantive suit. Justice Danlami Senchi, gave the order following an application of interlocutory injunction asking the court to suspend Oshiomhole, having being suspended as a member of the APC from his Etsako ward 10 in Edo State. 2. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said it would respect court order on the suspension of its National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole. Acting National Secretary, Victor Giadom, on Wednesday, announced the decision of the party while speaking to newsmen on the court ruling. 3. The Nigeria Police on Wednesday, deployed more officers and men to the national headquarters of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Abuja. Although, the building is usually under police protection, more personnel have been sent there, following the court order which suspended National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole 4. The National Working Committee (NWC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has approved the nomination of new national officers hours after the court ordered the suspension of APC national chairman, Adams Oshiomhole. Lanre Issa-Onilu, APC National Publicity Secretary, made the announcement in a statement Wednesday night. 5. The Umar Ganduje-led Kano government has accused the Emir of Kano, Malam Muhammad Sanusi II, of N2.2 billion land scam. The Kano State Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission, who has asked him to appear on Thursday to answer questions over alleged fraud, said it is investigating an alleged violation of the provisions of Sections 22, 23 and 26 of the Kano State Public Complaints and Anti-Corruption Commission Law 2008 (as amended) in the management of land reserved as ‘GANDUN SARKI’ spread all over the state. 6. The President Muhammadu Buhari-led government has announced plans to involve the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in tracking relatives of former governors. Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee against Corruption, Prof. Itsey Sagay, who disclosed this on Wednesday at a PACAC Roundtable, stated that said a number of former Governors, including some who are now Senators, transferred public funds abroad to purchase properties in the names of their relatives residing there. 7. The United States Department of State has placed a $7million (N2.5billion) bounty on the head of Boko Haram’s leader, Abubakar Shekau. The Rewards for Justice Program (RJP) announced via a tweet that the United States Department of State offers a reward up to $7m for information leading to the arrest of the terrorist, Abubakar Shekau, leader of Boko Haram. 8. Youth numbering hundreds have stormed the Kano Hisbah office in protest over an alleged blasphemy song against the Holy Prophet Muhammad. The placards-bearing protesters accused the State government and the security agencies of being reluctant to act over the matter. 9. Two persons were on Wednesday reportedly killed in the aftermath of the Boko Haram attack in Damboa local government council of Borno State, northeast region of Nigeria. Reports said the local security outfit, who are working alongside the Nigerian Military, also said 20 people were injured, with over 30 gun truck recovered by the military from the insurgents. 10. Three people have been murdered in Benue State at Moon District, Kwande Local Government Area. Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ms Catherine Anene, told newsmen in Makurdi on Wednesday that the gunmen were suspected to be herdsmen.