The South-South chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC has endorsed and threw its weight behind his leadership of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of the party. This is ahead of the Emergency National Executive Committee (NEC) of the party which comes up in less than 24 hours. The South-South declared its position in a communique issued on Monday in Abuja after a meeting of the NEC members of the party from the zone in Abuja on Sunday night. The zone said the plot to remove Oshiomhole was the handiwork of some “agents of destabilization” within the party. The communique was signed by the Deputy Senate President, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, National Vice Chairman, Hilliard Eta, Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Yekini Nabena, Hon. Peter Akpatason, and thirteen other NEC members. The leaders also disassociated themselves from today’s emergency NEC meeting convened by the National Deputy Secretary, Chief Victor Giadom. The communique added, “We agree that the National Chairman of our great party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Adams Oshiomhole has done very well in the administration of the affairs of our great party. “That under the leadership of Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, we won the just concluded presidential elections, won majority of the seats in the National Assembly, and also won governorship elections in most states of the federation. “That in line with the resolutions reached by the National Working Committee (NWC) of our party, we dissociate ourselves from the purported NEC meeting being summoned by Hon. Victor Giadom as he does not have the constitutional powers to summon NEC meeting. “That the said Hon. Victor Giadom is not a member of NWC having resigned his position as deputy national secretary of the Party to contest elections in Rivers State as deputy governorship candidate in the 2019 general elections. “That we implore all members of NEC to respect the decisions of the National Working Committee (NWC) of our party that the purported NEC meeting summoned by Victor Giadom is illegal and unconstitutional”. The zone also passed vote of confidence on President Muhammadu Buhari, adding, “We unanimously pass a vote of confidence on our leader, His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari, for his sterling leadership of the affairs of our dear country and the National Chairman of our Party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole.”