Authorities of the University of Ibadan (UI), has said a monitoring team which will ensure compliance on precautions to contain the spread of Coronavirus, also known as Covid 19, has been set up by the university. The institution in a statement signed by the Director, University Health Service, Dr. Aderonke B. Ajav, a copy of which was obtained by DAILY POST on Friday, added that the monitoring team will go round to ensure compliance. The institution in the statement dated, 12th March 2020, said that it has suspended till further notice all international conferences to be hosted by the school, as well as foreign travels of staff. It declared that the new steps were geared toward the prevention of the Coronavirus which has been declared as a pandemic by the World Heath Organization (WHO). It instructed faculties and halls of residence to provide facilities for hand washing, as well as sanitizers. Students and staff of the institution, according to the statement, were also advised against handshakes and other body contacts. “As part of precautionary measures to prevent members of the University community from contracting Corona Virus (COVID-19), Management in consultation with the Director, University Health Service and Director, Infectious Disease Institute, University College Hospital has taken the following measures: “All international conferences to be hosted by the University have been suspended until further notice. “All international travels of staff are suspended until further notice. “All incoming and outgoing exchange programmes as well as international visits of professors, foreign partners and collaborators are suspended until further notice. “All Departments, Faculties, Units, Halls of Residence, places of worship and other places with a high concentration of people on campus are hereby advised to make provision for or resuscitate facilities for handwashing in the immediate environment in order to encourage routine washing of hands. “Adequate signs pointing to such should also be provided,” he said. The institution also advised that individual members of the university community, as well as internal programme organisers, should have alcohol-based hand sanitizer. It urged students and staff not to panic as preventive measures are being taken to prevent any case of COVID-19 in the University. “Management is working to complement the recommended preventive measures. A monitoring team will go round to ensure compliance. “There is no need for anyone to panic. These are precautionary measures as education on prevention is still considered the major intervention against COVID-19 and similar diseases,” it added.