The Kogi State Police Command has arrested a couple,”Woli Apara and his wife for aiding and abetting kidnappers in Ogori/Magongo in Kogi Central. The Command Public Relations Officer, William Aya in a statement on Friday in Lokoja said the couple were arrested for providing information to Kidnappers while his wife was also arrested for cooking for the kidnappers at their base in the bush. It was gathered that no fewer than 6 people were kidnapped along Ageva /Ogori road between March 12 and Wednesday the 19th by unknown gun men. It was further learnt that Kidnappers shifted their base to Okene -Ogori/Magongo and Ageva Ogori axis terrorising unsuspecting citizens in the area in the last two weeks. This followed the bombardment of all the flash points in Kogi West and East in the past two weeks by the security operatives in the State. Sources told journalists that a woman and her daughter were abducted along Akpafa Magongo highway on 12th March 2020 The victims were said to have boarded a taxi on their way to Akpafa LG when the incident occurred. “On Friday 12th, another kidnap incident took place in the evening along Magongo-Okene road and from there they crossed over to Ogori road where their suspected camp is said to be located. “On Tuesday 17th at about 4.00 pm a man who was identified as Anchorman was kidnapped on his way back to Ogori from Okene on his motorcycle along Ogori-Okene road. “On getting to their said camp, he met another victim there, while one person identified as “Woli Apara” living in the community was also found at the camp,” the source said. Sources hinted that earlier two men had escaped miraculously, noting that the people of the area have not quite recovered from that shocking incident, when the kidnappers stuck again at about 5.00 pm. Aya, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, DSP, however, said, that a joint task force of police, vigilante and Army were drafted to the area and have successfully rescued all the victims, while Woli Apara and his wife have been arrested and are providing useful information to the police.