Governor of Kwara state, Malam Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq says more sweeping measures are underway to curb the menace of COVID-19 in the state and nationwide. He said Kwara state currently had no confirmed case of the virus, but the government has set up various preventive and safety mechanisms, including establishing and equipping an isolation centre to tackle the virus as Nigeria records more confirmed cases in at least four states and the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. Abdulrazaq told reporters that COVID-19 pandemic may be treated as a national security issue, requiring the support and understanding of every citizen to stamp out. “We will be announcing further measures this week in containing the spread of the virus. “We also expect the Federal government to come up with further measures” according to a statement by the spokesman of the governor, Rafiu Ajakaye in Ilorin. “This may entail further restrictions on the movement of people in the interest of public health and security. “It is a national security situation now which everybody should understand,” the governor said hours after he directed state civil servants to work from home and called for social distancing in the state. “We will take more measures this week to make sure our people sit at home, the civil servants will sit at home, their children will be at home. “Please, take care of your kids, don’t roam about, it is also time to clean your environment and ensure that your community is clean,” the governor advised. He said the newly created isolation centre, would be extended in the coming weeks to accommodate around 100 patients at a go, while Kwara works with Abuja on the ongoing efforts to establish zonal test centres with the capacity to screen blood samples for COVID-19. He commended the state Commissioner for Health, Dr Raju Razaq and his team for the efforts to prepare Kwara for any outbreak, adding that, the state is also strengthening the capacity of its personnel to deal with the emergency. Governor Abdulrazaq while thanking traditional and religious leaders for their cooperation so far in the campaign against the deadly virus, assured civil servants of prompt payment of salaries despite the work from home directive. The Health Commissioner and the state Director of Public Health, Dr Oluwatosin Fakayode had earlier taken the governor round the newly equipped facility designated to handle infectious diseases in the state.