The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Oyo/Osun states Command, on Wednesday, said that no one died when its officers had a faceoff with some commercial motorcyclists in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital. DAILY POST recalls that some commercial motorcyclists on Tuesday engaged the Customs officers when a truck seized by the Customs officers lost control and hit some of their members Tuesday evening. The incident according to eyewitnesses occurred at the NCS barracks in Ijokodo area of Ibadan, Tuesday evening. Eye witnesses told DAILY POST that some people were allegedly killed as a result of gunshots they sustained when the Customs officers pulled the trigger on the protesting motorcyclists. It was gathered that the Customs officers had already seized a trailer carrying some prohibited items into the country. The Customs officers after seizing the trailer were said to be driving the trailer to their barracks located along the Apete-Ijokodo Road. The break of the vehicle failed in the process which made the driver lose control and hit some commuters. It was gathered that among those hit were some commercial motorcyclists plying the Apete-Ijokodo-Sango Road. A woman who asked not to be named said that the commercial motorcyclists later went to the barracks to express their grievances. This, according to her, made the officers to allegedly pull the trigger. Eyewitnesses said that some persons died as a result of the gunshots they sustained. DAILY POST made frantic efforts to get the reaction of the Public Relations Officer of the NCS in charge of Oyo and Osun states, Mr. Abdullahi Lagos. Efforts to get Mr. Lagos’s reaction proved abortive on Tuesday. However, Lagos in his reaction obtained by DAILY POST Wednesday morning, insisted that no one died as a result of the unfortunate incident. Lagos who narrated the incident confirmed that it was true that the truck suspected to be carrying some prohibited items hit a commercial motorcyclist along the Apete Road on Tuesday. He insisted that the victim was quickly taken to UCH for treatment, but no one died as a result of the unfortunate incident. Lagos said in the statement that, “Officers of the Oyo/Osun Command arrested a truck suspected to carry uncustom goods concealed with motor spare parts around Fiditi Area of Oyo State.” “On getting close to Customs Barracks Ijokodo for further investigation, the brake of the Truck failed and couldn’t entered into the barracks and it headed towards Apete road, it got to a point where it couldn’t move, the Truck descended and hit an Okada rider coming with speed behind the truck, the victim was quickly taken to UCH for treatment. “After this unfortunate incidents, some Okada riders started gathering to attack officers with stones and other weapons at the scene, the officers dispersed the mob and restored normalcy. None of the victim died as insinuated. “Meanwhile, the Command has informed the Police of the incident for further investigation. Sorry for the delay,” he added.