Three suspected bank robbers have been arrested in Calabar, Cross River State capital. The suspects: Peter Nwabueze, age 42. Ifeanyin Ebama, 29 years and Izuma Okechukwu, 45 years were arrested after robbing their victim on Tuesday. DAILY POST gathered that the suspects trailed their victim who withdrew N2.8m from First Bank along Calabar Road and robbed him along Boco Biri in Calabar South local government area of the State An eyewitness, who gave his name as Augustine Agbo, lamented the action of the robbers, noting that they trailed the victim from the bank up to Boco Biri where they allegedly robbed him. “The victim stepped out of his car leaving the money in a nylon bag, suddenly, he heard a knock on the side windscreen of his car “He shouted which attracted people to the area and the men of the Anti Cultism and Kidnapping of the Nigeria Police went into action and arrested the suspects. “The suspects were arrested with their vehicle ‘Siena car’ with registration No Abuja GWA 782 TE. After one of the suspect failed to pick the money because of the shout, he ran into their vehicle and they were arrested” the witness said. Speaking with our reporter, one of the suspect, Peter Nwabueze age 42 said, “My friend, (Pointing at one of the suspect) directed me to where we will see him this morning. “Before I knew it, he went and broke somebody’s car screen and attempted to carry the money which was in a nylon bag and when the owner who had stepped out saw him, he shouted, he abandoned the money and ran into our car, and we were arrested” he said Another suspect, Ifeanyin Ebama, 29 years said, “As I passed on the road, one man who parked his car, I told he has money in the vehicle, I broke the glass of the car and attempted to carry the money in the nylon bag and the man shouted and I left it and ran to our vehicle” On who told him about money in the car, he mentioned one of the suspects whom he described as “My Oga” and said He called me on phone that there was money inside the nylon bag and I went for it, I have been doing this for the past three month Izuma Okechukwu, 45 years, another suspect who claimed his son is schooling at University of Calabar, regretted his action. “I am from Aruchukwu, I came back from Libya last year and came back to Calabar yesterday to see my son before this incident happened. “I have been in this business for more than one month. That one, far right, he pointed is my in law because I married from their area” he stated. Speaking with newsmen while parading the suspects, the State Commissioner of Police, CP Nkereuwem Akpan said the action of these elderly men were disappointing and regrettable. “These suspects came in from different parts of the Country and they are from the East, Imo and Abia States precisely. They specialises in robbing people who withdraw money from banks. “This afternoon, the victim went to the bank to withdraw money from First Bank, the suspects monitored him and when he parked his car and stepped out, one of the suspect used an instrument and broke the windscreen and attempted to pick the nylon bag that contents the money but the victim who stepped out and saw them and screamed. “The suspects were arrested by the Anti Cultism and Kidnapping squad of the Nigeria Police. The vehicle the suspects used have been impounded and is at the premises of the Anti Cultism and Kidnapping squad “Incidentally, most of these robbers are not from the State, like these ones, they came in from the East and perpetuated the evil act and go back. The suspects today have conversed to the crime “We have changed our strategy in crime prevention and control because we have weekly meeting where we emphasises on community policing of the Inspector General of Police. More than thirty something suspected criminals have been arrested. “As we partner with the people in the community, information is pass to us and this is the result, that is community policing, we appreciate the public for what they are doing, people should keep it up and be vigilant, get message and pass it to us and they will see the result,” he stated.