The Kano State Government has said that all the nine Coronavirus suspects samples taken for tests have returned negative. The government further disclosed that it has dumped the Yargaya Isolation Center for lack of basic equipment for a Pfizer built hospital. The Yargaya isolation center had been publicized as fully ready for COVID 19 outbreak management but was subsequently rejected after series of investigations exposed the unreadiness of the centre. The State Governor, Ganduje has now approved the Dawakin Kudu Pfizer Isolation Centre which is a 70-bed facility. However, the state Commissioner for Health, Dr Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa told newsmen that the Yargaya centre could have been managed if there was an emergency. “had it even been there was an outbreak of a patients on the COVID 19, we will have still managed the Yargaya Isolation center”. Ibrahim Tsanyawa insisted that Ganduje government is doing a lot to ensure that Kano is free from the COVID 19 Pandemic. He said Ganduje has commended all health workers in the state who are working round the clock as part of the proactive measures taken against the fear and unwanted spread of COVID-19 pandemic. The Kwanar Dawaki Diagnosis Centre, serves as the second Isolation Centre which has 70 beds capacity with 15 Wards and 2 Intensive Care Units with 7 beds capacity each. At Kwanar Dawaki Centre there are 27 Ventilators, 14 out this are standby and 13 are mobile. There are 20 Oxygen Concentrators with all other equipment that are needed. And all the machines are functional that are ready to manage any eventuality. While all Wards are piped with Oxygen, water supply is effective and efficient with good conveniences. As power supply is also very encouraging. In his remarks during the visit governor Ganduje expressed his gratitude to Almighty Allah for making Kano one of the states that COVID-19 did not strike, adding that “Though we can say we are prepared but we are still not praying for any patient to be here.” He used the opportunity to reiterate government’s resolve to close all borders linking the state at 12 midnight, Friday, emphasising that “We are doing our best to see that we take all the necessary measures against this deadly COVID-19. We urge people to continue praying for Allah’s protection.” “I want to thank our health workers and all other stakeholders for their immense support in this all-important effort. Special thanks goes to the State Task Force on COVID-19, that is chaired by the Deputy Governor, Dr Nasiru Yusuf Gawuna and Co-chaired by Professor Abdulrazaq Garba Habib, from Bayero University, Kano, a renowned academic of global repute.” He urged people to observe social distancing and hand washing with soap and running water. Adding that “…hand sanitizer is very crucial. I also urge people to always take advice from health professionals.” It is noteworthy to understand that Kano as of now, has 3 Isolation Centres. These are Kwanar Dawaki Diagnosis Centre, ‘Yar Gaya Isolation Centre and Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital. While the State Infectious Diseases Hospital (IDH) is about to be considered as another Isolation Centre.