Justice Okon Abang of the Federal High Court, Abuja, Wednesday, delivered his reserved ruling on the admissibility of evidence sought to be tendered by the prosecution in the ongoing trial of the ex-chairman of the defunct Pension Reformed Task Team (PRTT), Abdulrasheed Maina. Abang while ruling on the said evidence noted that the argument must be in line with the provision of evidence Act. Further, he added that the defence counsel failed to mention any law in support of his objection saying, “The (learned silk), failed to mention any law to render the document inadmissible”. “It is sufficient for a witness to identify the documents in question which he is familiar with it. Abang also affirmed that the court is a court of law and not a court of sympathy adding that the defense counsel, “may wish to propose a personal bill to the House of Assembly, regarding his submission, until that is done, I can’t be of any help to the SAN”. In his final ruling, Justice Abang ruled that the objection on the grounds lacks merit and admitted in evidence a marked exhibit as evidence in favour of the B71, and adjourned the case to March 19, for the continuation of trial within a trail. DAILY POST recalls that at the last adjourned date on March 17, the prosecution commenced its evidence in-chief with presentation of its six prosecution witness, (PW6), a banker at the marketing department of a new generation bank, who told the court that he is a friend and former colleague to Khalid Aliyu, the Pw5 and a brother to Maina. During examination in-chief, the PW6 explained his relationship with Maina and how he was involved in the alleged N2billion money laundering. It would also be recalled that the EFCC on October 25, 2019 arraigned Maina and his son, Faisal, before the court alongside his firm, Common Input Property and Investment Ltd. But Maina is presently facing a 12-count charge bordering on money laundering while Faisal was charged on a three-count charge of arms possession and violent act.