Gunmen suspected to be unrepentant bandits Monday, stormed a weekly market in Birnin Tsaba village of Birnin Magaji Local Government Area of Zamfara State, killing four persons. According to one of the survivors of the terror attack who pleaded anonymity due to security reasons, the weekly market was in full session on Monday, pointing out that hundreds of bikes riding gunmen invaded and started shooting sporadically. “We were all afraid but later we were made to understand that, the bandits were not after anybody but two local militias who were twin brothers from the neighboring Birnin Magaji Local Government headquarters that were being targeted,” he said “They knew that the two local militias were in the market and they shot them amidst of traders who were running for safety. “It was obvious that the deceased twins had been a great obstacle to the bandits in Birnin Magaji as they always disorganized their mission in the community. “And for the bandits, they have chosen this time when all local militias have surrendered their sophisticated and locally made weapons and ammunition as directed by the state government”, the survivor stated. A woman, who also survived the attack, narrated her painful ordeal, saying, “I was negotiating the price of my cooking oil with one of my regular customers when I saw people running helter shelter in the market and were shouting for help at the top of their voices,” she said. ” I heard the unpleasant sounds of gunshots followed by a voice directing for attack on the deceased twins at all cost, and was telling people on the run to be calm, “our aim is to kill only two persons”, but yet the runnings for safety continued”, the woman said. According to a motorcycles dealer who was an eyewitness to the killing, “The twins alongside many more other customers were at my shade to patronize my market, just then, we heard gunshots sporadically and in less than a minute the bandits arrived where the twins were. “They opened fire on the targeted twins as they tried to take to their heels, in the course of which two other persons from Garin Tsaba and Birnin Tsaba who stayed close to the twins were hit by the fired ammunition and were killed,” he said. When contacted, the state police public Relation officer(PPRO) SP Mohammed Shehu, confirmed the incident, but said that the number of people that were killed were three and not four. He noted that armed policemen and military have been deployed to the axis to comb the whole area and fish out the bandits to face the full wrath of the law.