Cash reward offered by Nigeria and the United States have, in eight long years, failed to produce Boko Haram leader, Abubakar Shekau. DAILY POST reports that there have been three bounties announced by the two countries – two by Nigeria, one by the U.S. Shekau has been the sect leader, since the killing of its founder, Mohammed Yusuf in 2009. International bodies insist his death was extrajudicial as he was never tried but summarily executed. Jama’atu Ahl as-Sunnah il-Da’awati wal-Jihad (Western education is forbidden) better known as Boko Haram, has murdered thousands and displaced millions. Mostly affected are the Northeastern states of Adamawa, Borno and Yobe. In January, the United Nations (UN) and the European Union (EU) said they were worried about the recent upsurge in attacks against aid workers and civilians by Boko Haram/ISWAP. Chronology of bounties November 23, 2012: The Joint Task Force (JTF) Operation Restore Order placed a perk of N50 million on Shekau and different amounts for 17 others. Within six months, 17 had been killed with the exception of Shekau and Khalid Al-Barnawi, who was captured in Lokoja, the capital of Kogi State in 2016. But, even when Boko Haram commander, Bashir Aketa, was arrested, the military officer who played a major part and also ensured the annihilation of dreaded terrorist leader, Adam Kambar, reportedly did got the N20 million bounty. “This created doubts and lack of sincerity in the system and the whole arrangement,” a source told PRNigeria. June 2013: The U.S. placed a $7million bounty on Shekau, $5million on Al-Barnawi and $5million on Kambar, the same terrorist an Army team got rid of and weren’t compensated. The U.S. Department of State had on June 21, 2012, designated Shekau a Specially Designated Global Terrorist under Executive Order 13224. February 15, 2018: The Nigerian Army under the leadership of Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai, displayed what seemed non-serious attitude in its reward offer. It announced a N3million reward for credible information on Shekau, a great reduction from the N50million bounty six years earlier. A statement by the then Director of Army Public Relations, Brig-Gen. Sani Usman, urged anyone with credible hint to “contact the Military Command and Control Centre, Operation LAFIYA DOLE, any military location, security agencies or call the Nigerian Army Information and Call Centre 193”. Although, the bounties are part of the wider counter-terrorism efforts, Nigerians have expressed concern that Shekau has not been captured in almost a decade of atrocities. Meanwhile, apart from the military officer whose efforts, with the assistance of his men, arrested Aketa and took out Kambar, personnel of the Department of State Services (DSS) were reportedly denied their rewards after the capture and elimination of some Boko Haram leaders. A source told PRNigeria that: “A certain operation in 2015 led to the arrest of Bashir Aketa in Gombe State. Nothing was paid to those who provided the intelligence. Bashir was on the list of 19 Boko Haram leaders declared wanted on November 23, 2012, by the Nigerian military”. On Shekau, another security source said tracking the exact location of the terrorist leader remained an uphill task. “He is in the jungle and the Nigerian military has no capacity to reach him; the US has no Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Nigeria to provide such. The issue is not information but capability. “Even on the streets of Maiduguri, you will get information on all Boko Haram locations, including that of Shekau and other leaders. But the military cannot do anything about it. No capability to reach objectives, they sometimes wait to repel attacks,” the source regretted. Shekau, a Kanuri man, hails from Yobe State. Dark complexion and a medium build, his date of birth is believed to be July 14, 1974. He speaks Arabic, Hausa, Fulani, Kanuri and uses different aliases including Abu Bakr Skikwa, Imam Abu Bakr Shiku, Abu Muhammad, Abu Bakr Bin Muhammad and Al Shakwi Al Muslimi Bishku.