Yobe State Police Command has disclosed that it arrested a total number of 129 suspected criminals who committed various crimes across the state. The State Commissioner of Police, Yahaya Abubakar made the disclosure while briefing newsmen on the Command’s various operations held on Tuesday in Damaturu. The nature of the crimes committed by the suspects, according to the commissioner include homicide, kidnapping, armed robbery, rape and theft among others. He added that 48 suspects out of the total number have been arraigned in various courts for prosecution, adding that 59 suspects are still undergoing various stages of investigation, preparatory to being arraigned in courts for prosecution. The command has also sent the case files of 22 suspects to the office of Director of Public Prosecution at the State Ministry of Justice for vetting and legal advice”, he said. The Police Commissioner disclosed that the state has witnessed an increase in the number of armed robbery incidents, with 13 incidents recorded from January to March, 2020 when compared to only 8 cases recorded in the last quarter of 2019. “During various raids across the state, 1AK 47 rifle, 1 locally fabricated automatic Pump Action Gun, 107 live ammunition, 5 cartridges, 1 Honda vehicle, 2 cell phones, 2 television sets, as well as 13 SIM cards belonging to various telecom operators among other items have been recovered,” said the CP. On the security situation of the state, Mr. Abubakar noted that, “the current security situation in the state is relatively calm, but still very fragile and fluid in nature.” The Commissioner, however, revealed strategies for the lock down of the state by 12 midnight on Tuesday to prevent the importation of COVID-19. “In terms of enforcement, the Command has deployed its personnel at major entry points into the state, to enforce the lockdown order banning interstate movement of people and vehicles with effect from 12 midnight of 31st March, 2020. “They also embarked on regular patrols across the state to ensure compliance with directive on restrictions on social gathering and personal distancing”, Mr. Abubakar said. The CP stressed that his Command was fully committed to enforce whatever measures the state government deemed appropriate to stop the outbreak of Coronavirus in the state.