Prof Sidi Osho, who was reportedly dismissed by the Ogun State-owned Olabisi Onabanjo University appears to have secretly assumed office as the Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology in the state. Osho’s dismissal letter went viral after she was nominated by Gov Dapo Abiodun as a member of his cabinet in December, 2019. The dismissal letter reads: “In considering the recommendations before it, Council viewed your actions as unethical and a gross misconduct which is contrary to University Rules and Regulations and the conditions stated out in your letter of appointment. Council, therefore, in line with the earlier recommendations of the Staff Professional Ethics and Discipline Committee (SPEDC) and in accordance with the extant Code of Conduct approved that you should be dismissed from the service of the University with effect from March 8, 2016.” Osho is yet to react to the letter since it leaked out in January. As demanded by Gov Abiodun, Osho was screened alongside other nominees by the Ogun State House of Assembly; after which she was confirmed and certified fit for the all important assignment. However, when other nominees were sworn-in by Gov Abiodun on January 10, Osho was nowhere to be found. Since then, the post of the Commissioner for Education in Ogun has remained vacant. The controversies surrounding Osho’s appointment generated reactions from Ogun indigenes, who criticised Abiodun for appointing someone with such an allegation, despite waiting seven months before releasing the list of his commissioner-nominees. DAILY POST recalls that on January 25, students under the aegis of the National Association of Universities’ Students (NAUS), issued a 14 -day ultimatum to Gov Abiodun, to sack Osho, over the alleged scandal surrounding her disengagement by her former employer. NAUS in a statement signed by its National Vice President, Com David Aridiogo, said It was heart-wrenching that despite alleged serious scandal against Osho, the State government refused to drop her and replace her with someone with unblemished records to head the education ministry. But the state government, on different occasions, promised to carry indigenes of the state along on the issue, adding that it was still investigating allegations raised against the embattled Prof. Osho. DAILY POST also reported on February 1 that some protesting students, led by Com. Bamgbose Tomiwa Peters (NANS Chairman in the state) and Com. Ogunrombi Gbemileke (NANS National President) stormed the Convocation ceremony of Olabisi Onabanjo University, appealing to Gov Abiodun to reconsider and appoint Prof. Osho as the State Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology. https://www.google.com/amp/s/dailypost.ng/2020/02/01/drama-as-protest-rocks-ogun-university-convocation/amp/ According to them, Osho was a “victim of dirty politics”; urging the Governor not to yield to whoever that is opposed to her appointment. Our correspondent observed that the state government has not said a word about Osho’s Commissionership since the crisis that greeted her nomination. However, on Monday the state Ministry of Education, held a meeting with the Principals of Ilugun High School, Elega, Baptist Boys High School, Saje and some pupils over a recent fracas between them. In a report of the meeting circulated on the social media by Prof Osho herself, it was stated in part: “Students of Public Secondary Schools across Ogun State have asked to face their studies squarely, shunning cultism and other social vices that can truncate their lives, if not maim them. “Honourable Commissioner for Education Science and Technology (MOES&T) Ogun State, Prof. Sidi Osho, gave the directive at a meeting held with the Principals of Ilugun High School, Elega, Baptist Boys High School, Saje and the affected pupils which stemmed out from a recent fracas involving students of both schools in Abeokuta…” Likewise, Prof Osho, on Monday, received, on behalf of Gov Abiodun, the Institutional Development Plan report from the Consultant, International Training Solutions (ITS), aimed at improving technical education in the state. The new development has left Ogun indigenes with no option, other than to querry when she was sworn into office. However, the Chief Press Secretary to Gov Abiodun, Mr Kunle Somorin, told our correspondent that Osho has not assumed office as the Ogun State Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology. Somorin, when asked in a telephone interview with DAILY POST on Tuesday, said: “No, she has not assumed office.” When he was informed that the Professor had been acting in that capacity, Somorin said, “I am not aware of that.” But it was another response when our correspondent reached out to Hon. Remmy Hazzan, who is the Special Adviser to Gov Abiodun on Communications in a somehow unfriendly manner, asking what the reporter wanted to achieve by bringing up issues about Prof Osho this time. He said the matter has been addressed long ago, saying he sees no reason why our correspondent should be the only one raising it up again. The former lawmaker said: ”If there is any new development about her let me know. But if it is about her Commissionership, we have since addressed that.” Our correspondent tried to know when she was sworn in and the conclusion of government about the allegations levelled against her, but Remmy Hazzan quipped, “I don’t have anything to say about this issue again,” as he ended the call.