Dear Friend, If you want to re-grow hair on your head, restore natural hair growth, rebuild your hairline… and put an end to the embarrassment and frustration of baldness or severe hair loss, then this article will show you how. Here’s the story: My name is Damilola, and about 3 years ago I was a bald, ugly looking man, without almost any hair on my head and a very deep receding hair line. I spent money on several things like mixing marijuana with methylated spirit, rubbing my hair with creams, sprays, and even took drugs that comes with side effects just so my hair would come back. But it all ended as a waste of money and time… only for me to end up looking like an old, unattractive and tattered man that wears cap almost everywhere I went. But you know what the worst part was? When I attended a coursemate’s wedding reception, I met my old friends back in the university. A group of my friends laughed at me for still having a bald hair, and they even called me names like  “gorimapa”, “codo bald hair”, “baldy” and some even called me “ba man”, meaning “bald man” for short. It made me felt ashamed, embarrassed and angry. And months later, my hair loss got so bad, that I considered hair surgery, but it was quite expensive. Then call it luck, fate or even “divine intervention”, if you want but finally the breakthrough finally came for me through one of my friends in the USA. One day while browsing on the internet, I chatted with my old time friend who was in the (United States) USA. I opened up to him about how my bald hair problem was giving me issues and what he used to re-grow his own.
Because back then when we were in school, he used to have a terrible bald hair too. At first, when I sent him a picture of bad my hair looks now, he laughed at me. He simply said… “The Bald Hair Problem is Hereditary… Hair Loss problem comes from Deep in the family, But It starts showing its ugly self once the man ages between 35 to 50years above” Truth is, he was right, I quickly remembered that my sister, grandma and my dad used to have a terrible hair loss problem. But that was not all, my friend quickly introduced me to a very rare ASIAN serum that he used to permanently cure hair loss, and also restore his normal hair growth. When he agreed to send me the solution, at first I was skeptical and just agreed to try it. After using it for the first 14 days, I was surprised at the results I got. I decided to upload my pictures on facebook with my full blown hair that was growing again. The ASIAN Hair treatment serum works effectively and grows hair on your bald or receding hair line faster than you’ve ever imagined. Within few minutes some of my friends, inbox me, and started asking me what I used? I decided to share the same hair loss solution with only 3 of them, and they also started using it. After 2 weeks, they came back and 3 out of 3 of them said it worked for them and it restored their hair growth, and reverse the baldness they were experiencing before. Right now, I am rocking my full blown hair and no more baldness No more being ashamed about my hair, also I no longer have to wear hat or caps just to hide my bald hair anymore. My hair is growing better and my wife loves it and plays with it anytime she is opportune to. At this point, let me quickly introduce you to the Amazing Natural Hair Serum that Reversed my Baldness and Helped me Re-grow my Hair without spending any money on drugs or Hair transplant surgery… “Gentle Care Hair Growth Treatment Oil”  Gentle Care Hair Growth Treatment oil is a RARE hair serum formulated by 2 Asian Scientist who were once bald and frustrated about it, so they decided to team up and did research for a formula that will help restore hair growth and GET RID of baldness permanently. The scientific formulation of Gentle Care Hair Growth Treatment uses a patent bio-engineering technology that is used to extract active herbal ingredients, that RAPIDLY accelerate hair growth, on even totally bald hair.  “Gentle Care Hair Growth Treatment Serum Contains 100% Natural Ingredients” This powerful serum will help you GET RID of baldness and hair loss within 21 days of using it or less. Here’s How to Use it: Simply use warm water to rise your hair Apply 6 drops of Gentle care hair treatment oil on the affected part of your hair Use it morning and night for the next 2 to 4 weeks for effective results Are you a man suffering from severe or critical baldness? Are you tired of spending money on hair creams and other methods that do not get rid of your baldness? Then you need to get the Gentle Care Hair treatment oil that have been proven to worked for over 1,300 Nigerian men that have used to permanently cure hair loss and get rid of baldness. But don’t take my word for it, below are people who were once bald like you or suffer from severe hair loss but have now used these products and results that they got…        Another testimonial…  More proof from people that have used it…    After years of suffering from baldness and severe hair loss problem, I decided to go for the hair treatment oil and hair wonder cream that comes with it. Been using it for about 3 weeks now, and I can gladly say it works to improve hair growth. Now the bald spots on my head have hair follicles re-growing fast and sprouting again. Am no longer embarrassed and do not have to cover my head with a hat anymore. My wife so much loves seeing hair growing on my head again. Michael O. – Abuja  My wife decided to order the Gentle care hair treatment serum and hair wonder cream for me. Now, the hair on my head is growing back again and I now have a much fuller beard after using the serum for about 2 weeks. My bald hair is now a thing of the past. My friends are asking about what exactly I used to reverse my hair loss. Am definitely recommending your products for them. Mr. Smart – Umuahia, Abia state  With Gentle Hair treatment oil…. You can now say “goodbye’ to your bald hair, and welcome your full blown hair and beards and permanently get rid of hair loss. Now You can confidently rock your hair with pride! No more embarrassment or low self esteem because you have a full complete hair! You will become more handsome because your partner will love the new hair! You see, once I figured out that this asian oil works like crazy, I made an agreement with the supplier of the Gentle Hair treatment serum, and arranged for 100pieces to be supplied. But once I posted my results on facebook, I discovered that over 57pieces of the items have been sold already to people who need them. So you will need to act fast so that you can get it before the Gentle care Hair treatment oil are sold out. Get it here >>> http://bit.ly/jmhairlosstreatment Here’s a breakdown of the price… Gentle care Hair treatment (2 bottles) – N15,000 Gentle care Hair treatment (4 bottles) – N22,000 Note that, the 2 bottles option is for people wih mild baldness or hair loss, while the 4 bottles option is for people with severe baldness or hairloss. Now, you can go ahead and place order for the Gentle care Hair Growth treatment oil at an affordable price and start using it immediately. But to make it even better, when you place an order right away you will be among the people that will get a special bonus for free. The free bonus you will get is… FREE BONUS: Hair Wonder Cream  Hair Wonder Cream: Hair Wonder help enhance your hair growth. Formulated with refined Natural herbs and certified by NAFDAC hair wonder gives you that long, thick & strong hair that grows rapidly… like wild fire! Go ahead and place order now and get the Gentle care Hair Growth Treatment oil and Hair wonder cream for free.  To erase the fear of getting scammed, we introduced payment on delivery option to all States in Nigeria
This means you will pay for the products only when it has been brought down to you face to face by our courier service agent
Pay on Delivery Option Available to All States in Nigeria Here’s How to Order for Your own Gentle Care Hair Treatment Oil today Depending on the option that you are ordering for… *If you are ordering for only “2 bottles of the Gentle care Hair treatment”… indicate the code HAIR TREATMENT OIL (2 BOTTLES) in your text message… *If you are ordering for only “4 bottles of the Gentle care Hair treatment”… indicate the code HAIR TREATMENT OIL (4 BOTTLES) in your text message… GENTLE CARE HAIR TREATMENT(2 BOTTLES + Hair wonder cream) – N15,000 GENTLE CARE HAIR TREATMENT(4 BOTTLES + Hair wonder cream) – N22,000 Here’s what to send to us… Text the option you are ordering for with the following information below… 1. Your Full Name 2. Your Phone Number 3. Delivery Address Send This Information as a text message to 08034920365 Please Note: Your address Must Include Local Government and State. Detailed Enough to make it traceable by our courier company that will come around to deliver to you. You will get a SMS and Call from us within 24 hours to confirm your Order Before we Parcel It Across to You. DELIVERY TIME Once we received your order, and your details are correct, you will receive an sms or call confirmation from us. Your products will then be sent to our courier service partner and the items should get to you within 2-5 Days. Note: The product will be packaged discreetly and no one else will know what’s inside, and every other information will be kept private and 100% confidential. Option 2 If you live in Lagos, or nearby, you can also walk into our marketing department office to pick up the products. You will meet our team ready to give you these products at same price… That is you Pay at our office, and get it instantly Vantagesoft Marketing Enterprises Block B, Suite 9, Primal Tek Plaza, Beside ECO centre,
by Mokola Bus stop, opposite Gowon Estate Market,
Egbeda-Idimu road, Egbeda, Lagos. or Suite 3B, First Floor, Shopping plaza beside NNPC Filling station,
Ilo awela road, opposite Toll Gate Bus stop, ota
off Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway Or Abuja office Hub: EFAB MALL Extension, suite A-75,
3rd Floor, Garki, Area 11, Abuja, Fct. (Monday – Saturday 9am – 5pm) Customer support line: 08034920365 That is all you have to do to get the Gentle Hair care treatment serum and start using it to boost your hair growth and permanently cure your baldness without spending a dime on hair transplant surgery. Remember, once the available stocks are sold out the price goes up…so ensure you place order now at the affordable price. Yours,
Damilola  – 08034920365  