The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), on Thursday, said that no fewer than three thousand, seven hundred and twelve (3,712) corps members have completed the mandatory National Service Year in Oyo State. NYSC Coordinator, Mrs Grace Ogbuogebe, made this declaration while speaking at the passing out ceremony of the 2019 batch A corps members held at the Adamasingba Stadium Complex, in Ibadan the state capital. Ogbuogebe in her address congratulated the corps members on the successful completion of the mandatory one-year national service. She revealed that 3,712 corps members comprising 1,694 males and 2018 females existed the service year on Thursday. She urged corps members not to be perturbed about the current situation in the country but to belief in themselves and continue to keep their visions and dream alive. Ogbuogebe said, “As you exit the service today, always remember the laudable ideals of the NYSC which include among others, patriotism, hard work, perseverance, self-reliance and selfless service as these virtues will always speak for you wherever you go.” The State Governor, Engineer Seyi Makinde charged the state corps members on developing their creative empowerment. Makinde, who was represented by the Commissioner for Youths and Sports, Mr Seun Fakorede, urged them further to put to use skills acquired through the Skills Acquisition and Entrepreneurship Development (SAED) as it is a very good measure to reduce the alarming rate of unemployment among graduate youths. “The government cannot provide jobs for the teeming population of graduates. I implore you to continue exploring the skills you acquired during your service year. Having been empowered with skill, I assure you will have a good stead in the society,” he said. The governor expressed gratitude to the NYSC for its continuous contribution towards developments in urban and rural communities, social services, health care, and education. He assured that the welfare and safety of corps members will always receive priority attention as it will boost their morale for them to give their best.