Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Four new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Lagos State. Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Akin Abayomi, who made this known during a press conference on Thursday, said the total number of coronavirus patients in Nigeria is now 12. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Thursday directed a repositioning of the economy, starting with a review of 2020 budget to reflect realities in oil sector, and prioritizing health sector infrastructure to respond to the threats posed by Coronavirus. Buhari, who gave the directive after the 2nd Regular Meeting of the Presidential Economic Advisory Council (PEAC), held at the Presidential Villa, also recommended securitization of government debt, design and institutionalization of a revenue stabilization program and the imperative of cutting the cost of governance at all levels. 3. The Federal Government of Nigeria has shutdown Aminu Kano International Airport, Kano, Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu and the Port Harcourt International Airport, Omagwa. A statement signed by the Director-General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, Capt. Musa Nuhu, said the shutdown was part of its strategic measures to curb the spread of coronavirus across the country. 4. Following the recent pandemic outbreak of coronavirus in the country, FCT, Benue, Enugu, Plateau State, Adamawa, and other state governments have ordered that all public and private schools, be shutdown till further notice. The states in separate statements said that all schools, including pre-primary, primary, secondary and tertiary institutions in the state are to remain closed till the disease is been curbed. 5. The Italian citizen who brought the deadly Coronavirus to Nigeria has tested negative to the disease. Prof. Akin Abayomi, Lagos State Commissioner for Health, who announced this at a news conference on Thursday, said the Italian who had been receiving treatment at the Infectious Disease Hospital would soon be discharged. 6. The Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Keffi, has confirmed that it isolated a family of five with symptoms suspected to be Coronavirus (COVID-19) in Nasarawa State. Dr Adamu Yahaya, Chief Medical Director (CMD) of the hospital, who confirmed this to newsmen, explained that the family members who arrived Keffi from Ogun state on Thursday, March 19, showed some symptoms similar to that of COVID-19. 7. The Redeemed Christian Church of God, Elevation Church, Mountain of Fire, Daystar Christian Centre and other churches in Lagos and other parts of the country have announced suspension of activities till further notice. The churches also directed that all house fellowship meetings at any of the centres be postponed till further notice, asking members hook up online for church activities. 8. The Defence Headquarters on Thursday, said its troops killed ISWAP leaders in northern part of Borno State in an aerial attack. Bernard Onyeuko, Acting Director Defence Media Operations Defence Headquarters, said, several Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) leaders and fighters were neutralized and their dwellings destroyed as they gathered for meetings in a cluster of settlements West of Alinwa on the Lake Chad green fringes in the Northern part of Borno State. 9. The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) on Thursday, issued a 24-hour ultimatum to striking resident doctors to resume work. FCT Minister of State, Ramatu Aliyu at a news conference warned that failure to do so would lead to mass sack. 10. The Katsina State Commissioner for Information, Engr. Yakubu Danja, has confirmed that the state has no case of Coronavirus. Danja, who made the confirmation while addressing newsmen on Thursday, called on the good people of Katsina State to keep calm and remain informed about information on COVID-19.