A star witness of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Bosun Arebuwan has refuted receiving any proceeds of crime from Hon. Nicholas Mutu. Bosun affirmed before a Federal High court, sitting in Abuja that the former Chairman, House Committee on Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, Hon. Nicholas Mutu never asked for N4.8m alleged gratification from him. Arebuwan who is the Managing Consultant, Tarib Consultant LTD said this under cross examination to Mutu’s counsel, Patrick Ikwueto, SAN, and even explained that the money paid into Airworld LTD was not a proceed of crime. He added that the money was paid by Starline Consultants, the NDDC appointed revenue agent. The EFCC witness averred that the N400m paid to the Redeemed Church of God for the construction of their Redeem Camp in Lagos was his money saying, he has the right to do what he likes with it. He added, “I have never met Mutu or know him personally. He never solicited, demanded or asked for the money. “The consultants on their own decided to appreciate the Committee”. “I signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Airworld and issued it with an appointment letter to provide IT support for the project. ” They also signed a Non Disclosure Agreement with Airworld. “The alleged N400 million bribe was for services rendered by Airworld for the project. “MOU and Non Disclosure agreement were all a cover up and the demand order for payment were all part of the cover up. Also, the Managing Director of Starline LTD Ibinabo Micheal West told the Court that he does not know Hon. Mutu and never met him. It would be recalled that Starline was contracted by the NDDC in 2014 to help in the recovery of 3% of the approved budget of Oil Companies operating in the Niger Delta as part of their contribution to funding of the Commission especially the companies that have not been complying with the provisions of the NDDC Act. Starline partnered with Tarib Consultants to execute the job and Tarib, in turn, contracted Airworld to provide the Information Technology components of the project. DAILY POST recalls that the EFCC had on February 3, 2020 docked Hon. Mutu before the Federal High Court presided over by Justice Giwa Ogunbanjo over alleged N4.8m gratification through his companies – Airworld Technologies LTD and Oyien Homes LTD, from oil companies operating in the Niger Delta region. However, the lawmaker pleaded not guilty to the allegation.