Dr Solomon Chollom, a virologist and medical laboratory scientist with the National Veterinary Research Institute, Vom has decried the response of Nigeria government towards the Coronavirus outbreak. Chollom told NAN that N620 million earmarked to fight the deadly coronavirus was impulsive. He stated that a strategic approach would have been for the country to rethink long term intervention strategies. “One thing that has characterised the response of Nigeria to recent epidemics is this impulsive action rather than strategy”, Chollom noted. The virologist urged Nigeria to build laboratories that have the capacity to develop vaccines for all possible disease agents for the benefit of Nigerians. Chollom lamented that: “A recent media publication quoted a minister as promising N36 million reward to any Nigerian scientist that is able to come up with a vaccine against COVID-19. “Some Nigerians wonder how that will be possible since Nigeria has not known the virus. The virus is needed for vaccine development, and the country cannot boast of human vaccine production laboratories. “Another report claimed that N71 million was released to Port Health Services Department in January to raise a preventive barrier around our ports, while N315 million was released to the NCDC to escalate action against the epidemic. “The country has also been making efforts to track foreigners who entered the country from COVID-19 high index countries. How did they pass through our airports? “First, it was an Italian and his possible contacts cutting across Ogun and Lagos states. This was followed by a search for three Chinese who flew into the country and headed for Wase Local Government Area in Plateau, for Tin mining. “This is in spite of monies already released for the sole purpose of keeping our country ports safe from the virus. So, we need more of strategic planning not impulsive actions,” he stressed. Chollom, however, hailed the establishment of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), saying the agency had remained central in coordinating actions around epidemics.