The Conference of Nigeria Political Parties (CNPP) has declared “war” against the National Assembly over the bill seeking to extend constitutional immunity to cover presiding officers of legislative institutions. The bill has scaled second reading in the House of Representatives. It was sponsored by Hon. Odebunmi Olusegun and supported by some lawmakers. The bill seeks immunity for the Senate President, the Deputy, Speaker of the House of Reps and the Deputy. In a statement on Sunday, CNPP Secretary General, Willy Ezugwu warned that in the event that the Bill was not stood down, civil society groups and Nigerians, who are at the receiving end of the hardship and insecurity, will be mobilised to occupy the National Assembly. The body urged President Muhammadu Buhari not to assent to bill if passed. “Having carefully studied the circumstances surrounding the introduction of the immunity bill by the legislators, we fully align with the House Minority Leader, Hon. Ndudi Elumelu who asked the lawmakers to place the interest of their constituents above personal interest”, CNPP noted. “How can the lawmakers be more interested in protecting its principal officers from prosecution at a time Nigerians a dying in dozens in the hands of bandits and terrorists?” CNPP lamented that the bill proves that the legislators are too selfish to understand what should be their priority at the moment. The opposition coalition said lawmakers should be thinking of altering the constitution to remove immunity clauses for the president, vice president, governors and their deputies and not add more beneficiaries. “It is absurd for the lawmaker to be thinking of protecting themselves and indirectly providing cover for corrupt governors and other politicians who find their way into the national assembly immediately their tenure end. “If the bill eventually becomes law, it will ultimately alter the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and expand cover for treasury looters in the country”, the CNPP stated.