Hon. Benjamin Mzondu, member representing Makurdi/Guma in the Federal Constituency, on Wednesday said his constituency has suffered the worst unprovoked attacks in Benue State. Mzondu said this while reacting to statement a by the Commander of Operation Whirl Stroke, OPWS, Major General Adeyemi Yekini that his team has ended insecurity in Benue State and flushed out all criminals from the State. Major General Adeyemi Yekini had said that the troops are not overstretched and overwhelmed. But, Mzondu said Yekini ‘s claim is a gross misrepresentation of what Governor Samuel Ortom said when he spoke to newsmen on the influx of nomadic herders with thousands of cows and renewed attacks on farming communities in Benue state. According to him, ”Less than one week ago, two communities known as Tse-Keleke and New City both in Guma came under fierce herdsmen attacks leaving many injured and thousands displaced. Armed herders have been invading my people’s farms with their animals in spite of the military presence in the area. ”The other day, hundreds of cows accompanied by armed herders invaded the campus of Joseph Tarka University Makurdi formerly known as University of Agriculture and were grazing openly causing fear among the students and staff of the institution. No security operative was in sight to question the herders on why they carried such weapons. This is the source of worry of the people of my Constituency. As their representative, it is my duty to project their fears and concerns. ”It is true that Operation Whirl Stroke has done well to curtail some of the attacks but there is also the need for the Federal Government to beef up the operation. This is what Governor Ortom said in the interview which drew the harsh response from the military commander.” The lawmaker further called on security agencies to consider genuine form of support from all stakeholders as important. ”The fact remains that security outfits including Operation Whirl Stroke need our support to succeed. They alone cannot overcome the menace of insecurity,” he added.