Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Son to former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar, has tested positive for coronavirus. Atiku Abubakar, who personally confirmed this on his Twitter page on Sunday, said his son has been moved to Gwagwalada Specialist hospital Abuja for treatment and management. 2. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed three new cases of coronavirus (COVID-19) in Lagos State. It said two cases are returning travellers, while the other is a contact of a confirmed case, thus bringing the total number of patients with the disease to 30. 3. Some churches on Sunday complied with the directive by the government on public gatherings over the widespread of the coronavirus while others disobeyed the others. While mega churches, Redeemed Christian Church of God, Deeper Life, Mountain of Fire urged its members to worship from home, other ministries like Living Faith, The Apostolic Church and others ignored the order and held services in their respective churches. 4. As part of the efforts to curtail the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic, the Kwara State Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, Sunday, directed state civil servants to work from home beginning from Monday, March 23. The governor in a statement said it was part of the precautionary measures to curtail the incidence of the Coronavirus COVID-19 disease in the state. 5. The Lagos State Government has banned passengers standing on public buses, giving new rules to prevent overcrowding of passengers. In a statement by the Commissioner for Transportation, Dr. Frederic Oladeinde, on Sunday, the directive is part of the efforts by the Lagos State Government to further prevent a state-wide spread of COVID-19 especially in motor parks, garages and other public transportation related environment. 6. MTN Nigeria on Sunday said its team would start working from home as part of the precautionary measures to stop the spread of COVID-19. Mr Funso Aina, the telcos Senior Manager, External Relations, said in a statement that from March 23, workers are expected to perform their duties from home. Aina said that the telcos operations would continue to run at full scale with essential staff working limited hours on-site. 7. Similarly, Union Bank Nigeria, on Sunday shut down its walk-in operations. The financial institution in a statement on Sunday directed its workers to comply with the directive starting from Monday 23rd March, 2020. 8. The Federal Government has lifted the ban placed on the supply of petroleum products to border communities across the nation. According to a circular from the office of the Comptroller General, Nigeria Customs Service (NCS), Hameed Alli, 66 filling stations at various border communities have been granted waivers to lift and supply fuel. 9. Tragedy struck in Rivers State on Sunday as the parish priest of the Saint Helen’s Catholic Church, Ogbogoro, Rev. Fr. Simeon Kuro, slumped and died while celebrating the Mass. The incident, it was said, happened while Kuro was delivering the homily on the church’s altar in the Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of the state. 10. Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers on Sunday evening abducted two football players plying their trade with clubs in the eastern part of the country. The two footballers, Dayo Ojo and and Benjamin Iluyomade were said to have been abducted on the Benin-Akure highway at Ipele town in Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State.