The Kano state government has come under attack over the banishment of dethroned Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi to Nasarawa state. Sanusi who was dethroned on Monday by Governor Ganduje-led administration was banished to Awe village where he will not be allowed to have visitors until further notice. On Wednesday morning, pictures showing the alleged new home of deposed Emir posted by activist Deji Adeyanju appeared on Twitter and has since caused an uproar in different corners as some Nigerians called for Sanusi’s release and rights to be respected. Some Nigerians described the home as not fit enough for a man of Sanusi’s status, demanding his immediate release. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter seeking Sanusi’s freedom; @Adeyanju wrote: “This is the prison they are keeping deposed Emir of kano -SLS at Awe Local government, Nasarawa State. These people are beyond horrible. Mr. President, put a stop to this unlawful & unconstitutional act immediately.Free Sanusi now.” @Kofi_bartels “How can a globally respected world-class financial administrator, highly educated and qualified, who answered the call to serve his people as traditional ruler be dethroned and banished to a remote village to live in deplorable conditions without a say? @Ardokalefa “You can’t embrace Boko Haram members and banish harmless people like Sanusi Lamido Sanusi into a Bush in Nasarawa.This is not how to build a Nation. Sanusi has left the throne for Kano, let him enjoy his Freedom.” @Murtala_barjoga ” Wait! Who instructed Nasarawa State Government to keep Emir Sunusi with them? We know an ordinary Governor can not give order to a Governor. Who is that person? I ask. Sanusi’s right to freedom of movement, Speech and association must be guaranteed.” @dreal_perpnisky “It’s your president who instructed the governor. I’m so scared of this country, we’re gradually losing our freedom and moving from democracy to military govt and at worst totalitarianism.” @Adamm_mo “There is no justification or whatsoever to keep sanusi on exile, thereby depriving him of his Constitutional Rights of freedom and liberty, if he is arrested on what charges? Free him now and compensate him for this violation, this is totally unconstitutional.” @Oil_shaeikh “The ignominious incarceration and immurement of HRH Sanusi is a crime against humanity which should be resisted by all well meaning Nigerians , a citizen of the federal republic has the right to move, live freely and associate in any part of Nigeria.” @Abberty2 “Such man that practice his religion and profession consciously can not be incarcerated. You can not confine a vast reader like Sanusi.” @Itexpertsgsl “Today is freedom day. Free the Charismatic and eloquent 14th Emir of Kano now! He did nothing to warrant his detention.”