Calm has returned to Okigwe Local Government Area after gunmen went on rampage, Wednesday night, killing some persons and chasing residents into the bush. The Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodimma who responded promptly to the incident with a visit on Friday, assured Okigwe people that government was on top of the situation, urging citizens to go about their normal businesses without fear of any molestation. He promised adequate security for the entire Okigwe, describing it as the primary objective of any purposeful government. According to him, “We are concerned as a government because the primary responsibility of every reasonable government is to guarantee security for its citizens.” “When I heard that this ugly thing happened, I became very apprehensive, made phone calls, met with the Security Agencies and agreed to be here today to nip the problem in the bud.” On the rumour that the attackers could be Fulani herdsmen or Boko Haram insurgents, the Governor cautioned against fake news capable of causing disaffection. He noted that based on the arrest made so far and the confessional statement of the suspects, it was discovered that the attack was masterminded and carried out by natives of the area. The Governor disagreed with the claim that the security operatives did not respond promptly, adding that, “Under my watch in Imo State, there must be security. I am aware that Security Agencies responded after the incident. They may not have responded the way you wished, but because intelligence drives every investigation, I want to announce to you that an arrest has been made and one of those that killed these people has been arrested and the telephone number of one of the victims has been recovered from him. This man is an indigene, he is from here”, the Governor stated. He Commended the Security Agencies for rising to the occasion while charging them further to get to the root of the matter and arrest the two remaining suspects who are still on the run. Meanwhile, he has condoled with the bereaved families and promised that his administration will launch a security outfit on the 14th of March, 2020, in fulfilment of his pledge to bring criminality to a halt across the zones of the state. Governor Uzodimma equally urged traditional rulers and town unions to help the police by providing reasonable information and at the same time ensure that the local vigilante are working very well. The Governor was accompanied to Okigwe Local Government by his Deputy Governor, Prof. Placid Njoku; Speaker of the Imo State House of Assembly, Hon. Chiji Collins; Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Chief Cosmas Iwu; Chief of Staff, Barr. Nnamdi Anyaehie; and all the Service Chiefs in the State.