You have probably heard about trading stocks and people making real money out of it. However, it is not the only tool in the world of finance that can become an additional way of income. Forex stands for foreign exchange market, where people trade currencies. Fx traders can become very successful and earn a lot of money. Here are some basics that will help you get started. https://www.forextime.com/education/fx-trading What Do I Need to Start Trading? Luckily, there are no special requirements when it comes to Forex trading. All you need is Internet access. As Forex is an international market, you can become a player living in any country: from South Africa and Nigeria to France and England. Why Do I Need a Broker? To become a trader, you will need to choose a brokerage company, a platform where the players make their trades. This is the most important step, as you can get scammed easily. The first thing you need to pay attention to is a license. It can protect you in case of a company’s bankruptcy and guarantee payments. The majority of respectable brokers such as ForexTime have a license available on the website. You should also do your research and compare conditions at each platform to choose the most favorable terms. What Do I Do Next? After you have chosen a brokerage firm to start your Forex journey, here are the main steps you should take: Step 1. Registration of Your Account To get started, you need to register your account on the website. It is required for further work with accounts and trading operations. When registering, indicate your accurate personal data to get full access to your account and account management. You will be provided with a personal login and password, which must be remembered. Username and password will also be sent to your email address specified during registration. Step 2. Opening an Account If you are a beginner and want to first try your hand at the Forex market, open a demo account. It will allow you to gain experience in making transactions necessary for successful trading in the financial market, without investing your own money. All major platforms have this option and we always recommend playing on demo before you feel confident enough. Step 3. Choose a Strategy The next step would be choosing the right trading strategy. There are many approaches, but each one is unique. If you are looking for the best strategy to get the maximum profit, there is no such thing. Each method should correspond to your personal needs and initial background. The main difference in all the Forex strategies is the time-period. You can hold your trade for minutes, hours, days, weeks, and even months. Short-term trades are usually more profitable and high-risk, while longer ones require profound knowledge and a deep understanding of the currency market.
To conclude, Forex trading can be a great experience if you base all your decisions on actual data and stay responsible. Do not trust brokerage firms that offer you millions of dollars right away: becoming a professional trader will take time, money, and studying.