Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola, has described the South West Security Network, codenamed ‘Operation Amotekun ‘ as a child of necessity, in the face of present security challenges in the South West zone. He explained that the urgent need to secure the South West against criminality and create conducive environment for socio-economic activities were the major factor that necessitated the creation of the security outfit, as a complement to conventional security arrangement . Oyetola stated this on Wednesday, while playing host to members of Yoruba Unity Forum , led by Arch Bishop Ayo Ladigbolu, who were on a courtesy visit to his office at Abere. He said” I would like to commend the entire Yoruba nation for standing up in support of the establishment of Amotekun. The support created an incentive and encouragement for it to stay. I assure you that Amotekun has come to stay and the entire zone is secure. ” Amotekun is a child of necessity, with its emergence, the region has become a secure haven”, Oyetola averred. He, however, commended the forum for organising and engaging the youth who he described as leaders and future of the nation. Speaking earlier, the Chairman of the Forum, Arch Bishop Ayo Ladigbolu lauded the efforts of the governor towards nipping all forms of criminalities in the bud, adding that with the success on the establishment of Amotekun for the security of the entire Southwest, Oyetola and his colleagues in the region had assured the Yoruba that the good old days were coming back. He described ‘ Operation Amotekun’ as a thing of necessity to reposition the region. “We cannot forget to congratulate you and your brother governors on the successful establishment of Amotekun. This has rekindled our hope that the good old days are coming back. The good old days when the region can mobilise resources to take care of the people and the youth can organise themselves to engage in meaningful competition towards the protection of the region. “So, we want to commend and thank you and other Southwest governors on this feat as we are assuring you to be part of foot soldiers for the development of our region and the country at large,” he said . In attendance at the occasion, were the Deputy Governor, Mr. Benedict Alabi, Secretary to the State Government, Prince Wole Oyebamiji, Head of Service, Dr. Olowogboyega Oyebade, the Commissioner for Human Resources, Alhaja Latifah Giwa and the State Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Prince Gboyega Famodun among others.