Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Sunday ordered a total lockdown in Lagos and Abuja as cases of Coronavirus continue to rise in Nigeria following a number of confirmed cases outside Lagos, Ogun and Abuja. Buhari during a nationwide broadcast on Sunday, ordered suspension of all movements in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States as from 11pm on Monday, March 30th. The restriction is also extended to Ogun state following its proximity to Lagos State. 2. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Sunday night, confirmed 14 new cases of coronavirus in the country. The centre said the fourteen cases are 9 in Lagos and 5 in FCT, thus bringing it to 111 confirmed cases of #COVID19 in Nigeria. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has listed those that will not be affected by the lockdown in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun state. Buhari during his live broadcast on Sunday banned vehicular movement in high risk states as Nigeria battles to curtail the spread of COVID-19 but exempted medical line, hospitals, and health care distributors from the lockdown. 4. Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, who tested positive for the novel coronavirus six days has confirmed that he will be transferred from Abuja to Lagos on Sunday for further tests. Kyari said he has not had serious symptoms but in quarantine and obeying medical advice and would be back to Abuja in no distant time. 5. Kwara State Governor, AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, on Sunday, rallied support for the state’s campaign to keep Coronavirus (COVID-19) out of the state. He also announced the donation of 100% of his 10 months salary from May 29, 2019 to date to his administration’s efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19. 6. Dino Melaye, former senator representing Kogi West Senatorial district, has reacted to President Muhammadu Buhari’s nationwide broadcast. Reacting, Melaye, in a series of tweets on his official Twitter page on Sunday night, said it was an absurdity for President Buhari to take over the affairs of any State without the express approval of the State House of Assembly. 7. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has disclosed that the message spreading on social media that Coronavirus (COVID-19) is airborne, is incorrect. The WHO headquarters in Geneva explained this in its official twitter account @WHO at the weekend, said the virus that causes COVID-19 was mainly transmitted through droplets generated when an infected person coughs, sneezes, or speaks. 8. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Sunday, charged President Muhammadu Buhari to reduce the pump price of fuel from a cosmetic N125 per liter to an appropriate price that should not exceed N90 per liter. The opposition party also insisted that given the fall of the price of crude in the international market to below $30 per barrel, the appropriate domestic price for fuel should be between N80 to N90 per liter. 9. The Enugu State Ministry of Health has debunked rumours that the two cases in the state that tested positive for Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) are the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Hon. Geoffrey Onyeama and his Personal Assistant. A statement by the Permanent Secretary, State Ministry of Health, Dr. Ifeanyi Agujiobi, the state government said the claims were untrue, fictitious and baseless as well as the handiwork of mischief makers who want to dent the image of the Minister. 10. Joe Diffie, Grammy-winning country music artist, has died after contracting the deadly coronavirus disease. His death was announced by his publicist in a statement, disclosing that Diffie, 61, died on Sunday from health issues related to the deadly disease.