As people across the globe continue to provide solutions in the containment and spread of the deadly Coronavirus, some civil society organizations (CSOs) have urged President Muhammadu Buhari and state governors to restrict the importation of materials or items that can contaminate the disease. The CSOs made this suggestion via a communiqué issued at the end of a day sensitization meeting on infection, prevention and control of Covid-19 for civil society organisations in Ibadan organised by civil society on HIV /AIDS in Nigeria (CiSHAN) held in Ibadan on Thursday. Our correspondent reports that the sensitization meeting/ round table dialogue brought together selected representative of Civil Society Organisations to review progress so far on Coronavirus in Nigeria and Oyo sate. The CSOs in the communiqué signed by Seun Onifade, CiSHAN Coordinator for Oyo State urged Nigerian government including state governors to with immediate effect, restrict the importation of materials or items that can contaminate coronavirus. The CSOs, while urging the governments to increase the sensitization in order to avoid the myth and misconceptions, advised governments to monitor border towns and equipped them with non-invasive early detection equipment. The communiqué made available to DAILY POST on Friday reads, “Government need to sensitize the populace to avoid the myth and misconceptions about coronavirus and to seek medical advice from professionals when they have symptoms “Government should collaborate with CSOs to work at the grassroots. The borders towns should be well monitored and equipped with non-invasive early detection equipment. “Government should restrict the importation of materials or items that can contaminate coronavirus. “Government should sensitize people about avoiding highly congested places or large gathering. The Isolation Centres in all the 36 States should be well equipped and habitable. “Government at all levels should pay salaries early so that workers can get food stuff at homes. “Nigerians should adhere strictly to government directives especially for the people that are arriving from the Country affected by Coronavirus to stay indoors for 14 days self quarantine. CSOs should be engage to monitor the help line and Social Media by Government and NCDC “Neighbourhood Watch is very crucial, therefore community members should alert government and CSOs when people from the affected Country or States fail to follow the rules or submit themselves for surveillance. “The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) should support the CSOs with IEC materials to take the message to the grassroots especially our porous borders. Government should sensitize our people about Prevention lifestyle that can improve the immune system. “The Government should continue to sensitize the populace that the most important means of prevention is hand washing with soap and water as often as possible throughout the day.”