Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Yobe Police Command, on Saturday urged the people of the state to be extra-vigilant and give information that will assist in forestalling Boko Haram attacks. A statement by the Police Public Relations Officer, Dungus Abdulkarim, said its call was in response to the renewed attacks by Boko Haram insurgents, the latest being in Dapchi last Wednesday. 2. The Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) on Saturday, said power shortage being experienced in Nigeria was caused by low gas supply. Mrs Ndidi Mbah, TCN General Manager, Public Affairs, explained that the gas shortage had restrained the ability of many thermal power stations to generate optimally. 3. Former Governor of Anambra State, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife, has warned that not allowing an Igbo man to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023 means that they (Igbo) have been asked to leave the country. According to him, not giving the presidency to the South East means denying the people of the region their citizenship of Nigeria and whatever they do in consequence of being excluded is justified. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari government said it has relieved over 5, 781 N-power beneficiaries of their duties for truancy. The Senior Special Assistant (SSA) to the President on Job Creation and Youth Employment, Afolabi Imoukheude, who addressed the beneficiaries, said that complaints received from the places of primary assignment of the affected beneficiaries over truancy and lackadaisical attitude were getting overwhelming. 5. The Islamic Movement in Nigeria has faulted its proscription on the basis that it was not approved by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd), as required by law. The IMN said Justice Nkeonye Maha of the Federal High Court in Abuja, in issuing the proscription order on July 26, 2019, relied on a memo by the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari, claiming to have conveyed the presidential approval for the proscription application to the National Security Adviser, Babagana Mogunno. 6. The Imo State police command has arrested a suspected member of a kidnap gang who abducted, Rev. Fr. Cyriacus Onunkwo and subsequently killed him in 2017. According to the state Public Relation Officer, Ikeokwu Orlando, the suspect, Mr Charles Nnana from Aji in Oru East council of the state had been on the run since the incident occurred while other members of his gang were rounded up. 7. The Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Most Rev. Dr Matthew Hassan Kukah, has maintained that he did not mince words when he recently came hard on the nation and the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari over his observed inability of the government to ensure security, peaceful co-existence in the country, equal opportunities for all, amongst others. Kukah told newsmen in Abuja that irrespective of what anyone feels, he only spoke truth to power, challenging his critics to provide a superior argument to the issues he raised in the homily delivered on February 11, 2020. 8. The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) has said that a male labourer lost his life when a building accommodating a commercial bank in Palmgrove area of Lagos collapsed. Nosa Okunbor, Head, Public Affairs of the bank, who confirmed the development, said the incident happened during renovation of the said building. Contractors were on site. 9. The people of Agbenema in Opada/Ofejiji ward in Omala Local government Area of Kogi State on Saturday fled their homes for fear of Fulani herdsmen attacks. A villager, who spoke with our reporter from his hideout, explained that farmers and hunters who went to a popular forest at a boundary between Omala and Bassa local government saw herders camped, claiming that they were preparing for an attack on Agbenema village and its surrounding communities. 10. South African President, Cyril Ramaphosa has appointed former Nigeria’s Minister of Finance Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as a member of the country’s Economic Advisory Council. Until her appointment, Okonjo-Iweala’s was the present Board Chair of GAVI, present Board Chair ARCapacity and former Managing Director Operations, World Bank.