The Nigeria Deposit Insurance Company (NDIC) on Wednesday disclosed that it has completed payments to all depositors of 18 closed Deposit Money Banks. It said in line with its mandate, both insured and uninsured monies trapped in such banks have been cleared. The NDIC also appealed to members of the public to stop patron­izing wonder banks which offer mouthwate­ring interest rates to dupe unsuspecting public of their hard earned monies in the name of investmen­t. The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of NDIC, Alhaji Umaru Ibrahim dropped the hint while delivering an address during the NDIC day held yesterday at the ongoing 31st Enugu International Trade Fair. He called on the general public, especially traders and businessmen, to always save money in licensed banks where the savings are protected by the NDIC. Represented by the Enugu Zonal Controller, Mrs Vera Ikwue, the NDIC boss advised members of the public to “desist from keeping their hard earned monies in homes or shops to avoid the dangers of fire, theft, armed robbery, flood or other forms of losses.” He said the NDIC will not rest on its oars in protecting depositors through prompt operational responses to novel developments in the banking system as they evolve. Ibrahim also cautioned members of the public to stop patronizing “wonder banks” which offer mouthwatering interest rates to dupe unsuspecting members of the public of their hard earned incomes in the name of investments. “For the avoidance of doubt, these wonder banks are neither licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) nor are they under the NDIC deposit insurance scheme. I advise members of the public to patronize insured banking institutions that display the NDIC stickers: ‘Insured by NDIC’ in their banking halls or entrances,” he counseled. He announced that the corporation had developed the framework for the extension of Deposit Insurance cover to the the tune of N500,000 per depositor for depositors of Payment Service Banks (PSBs). In his words: “The PSBs, recently granted licence in principle by the Central Bank are to provide basic banking and financial services to individuals and small businesses. “This development underscores the operational readiness of the NDIC and its commitment to the enhancement of public confidence in the nation’s banking system.” On wonder banks, Alhaji Ibrahim noted that those wonder banks were neither lic­enced by the Central Bank of Nigeria not are they under the NDIC deposit insuran­ce scheme. He reiterated that the NDIC will not rest on its oars in pr­otecting depositors through prompt opera­tional responses to novel developments in the banking system as they evolve. “I therefore call on the general public especially traders and businessmen to always save money in licenced banks where the savings are pro­tected by the NDIC,” he said. Alhaji Ibrahim howev­er noted that the Ni­geria Deposit Insura­nce Corporation, NDIC and the Central Ba­nk of Nigeria, CBN have been taking steps to strengthen the operations of the Mi­crofinance Banks MFBs with a view to mak­ing them relevant to the needs of the Sm­all and Medium Enter­prise, SMEs. “The MFBs have been re-cat­egorised into units, states and National MFBs with different capital requirement­s. In addition, the Corporation and the CBN are financing the development of the National Microfinan­ce Banks Unified Inf­ormation Technology, NAMBUIT platform de­signed to address the challenges of tech­nology in the operat­ions of MFBs,” he added. Ibrahim noted that NDIC, being a critical component of the Nigerian Fin­ancial Safety-Net, the public policy obj­ective of the Corpor­ation is the protect­ion of depositors of licenced banks as well as promoting pub­lic confidence in the financial system. While lauding the ef­forts and consistent initiative of the Enugu Chamber of Comm­erce Industries Mines and Agriculture, ECCIMA to support the Federal Government’s strategy for attai­ning sustainable gro­wth and fulfilling it’s promise of lifti­ng millions of Niger­ians out of poverty through the developm­ent of the SMEs, the NDIC Boss said that the problems if cre­dit constraints and managerial incompete­nce in the Nigeria SME sector could also be overcome with a good corporate gover­nance structure in place. Earlier in an addres­s, President of ECCI­MA, Sir Emeka Nwandu encouraged the CBN through its regulato­ry framework, to make the work of NDIC easier by ensuring th­at the chances of ba­nk failures is reduc­ed to the barest min­imum and guarded aga­inst especially to save depositors going through hallowing experiences. Sir Nwandu commended the CBN and the NDIC as key players in the financial sector, for the stability and near tranquility in the banking/ fin­ancial sector through their regulatory frameworks, despite the current challenges being experienced in Nigeria economic cycle.