Commandant of the Nigeria Police Academy, Wudil, Kano State, Assistant Inspector General of Police (AIG) Zanna Mohammed, on Wednesday, said the institution offers courses that are outdated as a result of administrative and financial obstacles. Speaking at a public hearing on Wednesday, which was organised by the Senate Committee on Police Affairs, he explained that the Police Academy has twin challenges of administration and finance that inhibit the training of modern day Police officers. The AIG called for legislative intervention to reposition the school in line with the dynamic nature of the society. “I spoke about introduction of courses that are relevant to the present realities which bothers on digital forensics, digital accounting, digital linguistic. “I believe these courses when introduced, is going to redefine security implications of the modern day Police officer. It will gradually reinforce common and single honour courses that are obtainable in conventional Universities because modern day policing has become technologically driven. Therefore, core policing courses have become more expedient to curtail the emerging crimes in Nigeria. He said NPA is a special school that should concentrate on Special training, adding that there was conflict of interest among top staff that further endanger the running of the institution. According to him, the school has been civilianised rather than the purpose of training Police officers. “I am very happy that in the key note address that was given by the Senate President, he made mention on the issue. “The third issue is the faculty structure or organogram of the school which has facilitated dichotomy that need to be addressed to reflect the Nigerian Defence Academy which we are supposed to be complementing. “In the Nigeria Police Academy, you find dichotomy all over the place and you see duplication of offices, transport, public relations, finance and so on. “These problems would have been averted if the founding fathers of the school have harmonised the academic wing and Police wing during the take off of the institution as is obtainable in the Nigerian Defence Academy. “This dichotomy tend to civilianise the institution and is irregular because it is an institution that will feed the Nigeria Police in the future. So it should not be a civilianised institution. “If you look at the organogram of the Nigeria Defence Academy, the Commandant, Director of Administration Department of Training, Coordination, Finance, logistics, ICT Cadets brigade, office of the Academic Provost and all military officers, are under the Commandant. “So, if you look at it critically, it’s only the Provost and academic Librarians and the management team that are answerable to the Commandant of the Nigeria Defence Academy. “At the Nigerian Police Academy, the office of the Registrar and Bursar should have been occupied by Police officers to have a semblance with the Nigeria Defence Academy. “The rationale behind this, is the Commandant should take absolute control over the affairs of the Academy, both administratively and financially and answer for it, if there are any financial infractions. “Another issue that I have to raise here is the issue of envelope system of allocation which has been a stumbling block to the progress of the institution. “We have had two courses graduated so far, but regrettably, inadequate funding has stopped us from training them at the citizenship and leadership training centre in Jos.” He urged the Senate to consider adequate Appropriation for the institution in due course.