The leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has come up with a fresh claim about President Muhammadu Buhari and his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari. Recall that Kanu claimed during the week that Abba Kyari, who tested positive to the Novel Coronavirus, had been secretly flown to Cuba for treatment. Abba Kyari had tested positive for the dreaded COVID-19. And apart from an earlier information that the CoS would be isolating himself at his residence at the Defence House, Maitama and other sources saying he might be moved to another facility for extensive medical care, nothing has been heard about his location. In another claim via his Facebook page on Saturday morning, the IPOB leader said that ‘Jubril Al-Sudani, a name he uses to refer to the Nigerian leader, is in Cuba alongside Abba Kyari. He, however, said that the man he described as an impostor, was not in Cuba for treatment of Coronavirus, but was hiding “because the puppet master Abba Kyari is incapacitated and can no longer issue directives.” Dismissing rumours surrounding the President’s health and whereabouts, the Federal government, through the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, said on Thursday said the President is hale and hearty. On why Buhari has not addressed Nigerians during this period of crisis, his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina said it was the President’s style of leadership. But Nnamdi Kanu, who is a wanted man in Nigeria, believes otherwise, asking Nigerians to insist in knowing the whereabouts of their leader. “QUESTIONS THEY CAN NEVER ANSWER: Nigerians, where is your president? He began. “Zoo inhabitants where are your Fulani leaders? Hopeless citizens, who is in charge during this time of crisis? “My challenge to sections of corrupt Nigeria media, cash and carry commentators that always support evil and the rest of you cowardly Nigerians that have no courage to confront bad leadership, has it dawned on you now that I was right all along? “Buhari is not your president, Jubril is. Jubril is in hiding because the puppet master Abba Kyari is incapacitated and can no longer issue directives. Even Imam of Peace in far-away Australia knows Jubril is in hiding beside a sick Abba Kyari in Cuba “SHAMELESS NIGERIA, SHAMELESS NIGERIANS “ASO ROCK MEDIA WHERE IS YOUR PRESIDENT? Or are you people working on a new recruit, a new Buhari? Have you people run out of pictures to photoshop?”