The apex Igbo socio-political organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, has reacted to the Supreme Court’s final ruling on the application by former Imo State Governor, Emeka Ihedioha seeking a review of its earlier judgment, which sacked him. Ohanaeze’s Secretary-General, Barr. Uche Okwukwu in an exclusive chat with DAILY POST, described Ihedioha’s application for review of judgment as “irritating.” The Supreme Court had recently sacked Ihedioha and declared Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress, APC, as governor of Imo State. Against this backdrop, Ihedioha had approached the Supreme Court to review its judgment. However, the Supreme Court had on Tuesday dismissed Ihedioha’s application because it lacked merit. Justice Olukayode Ariwoola, who read the ruling held that it’s the final judgment of the Supreme Court on the Imo governorship tussle. Reacting to the ruling, Okwukwu insisted that the application from the onset was aimed at distracting the Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma from delivering the dividends of democracy to the people of the state. According to Okwukwu: “Ohanaeze Emeka Ihedioha and Hope Uzodinma are Igbo sons, we thank God for this judgment and from the beginning we knew the case was aimed at distracting Uzodinma from focusing on governance and delivering the dividends of democracy to the people of Imo State. “We also knew ab Initio that the whole application to review the judgment irritating and aimed at provoking the people of Imo State who came out on March 9, 2019 and voted for Hope Uzodinma. Ohanaeze and I had asked INEC knew ab initio that they do not have the powers to exclude 300 polling units from final collation if the right things were done Uzodinma would have been declared governor last year.” The Ohanaeze Secretary-General urged aggrieved parties to team-up with Uzodinma in delivering the dividends of democracy to people of the state. “But be that as it may, we thank God Almighty, congratulate the governor and the people of Imo State and we call on all parties to shelve their swords and support the governor who belongs to Imo people. “We have confidence in the governor that he would use the budge of Imo to develop the state. We have confidence in his capacity and ability to deliver. “We call on all aggrieved to shelve their sword and support the governor and encourage him to be focused so he will deliver on the dividends of democracy,” he said.