The Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai has approved the appointment of former Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, into the board of Kaduna Investment Promotion Agency, KADIPA. Sanusi’s appointment is coming barely 24 hours after he was dethroned by the Kano State Government for disobeying lawful authorities. However, a statement by El-Rufai’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Muyiwa Adekeye, said the governor approved Sanusi’s appointment while reconstituting the board of KADIPA. According to the statement, Sanusi was named the Vice Chairman of the board. The statement reads: “Malam Nasir El-Rufai has appointed His Highness, Muhammad Sanusi II into the board of KADIPA. The appointment is part of the reconstitution of the board of KADIPA, which is statutorily chaired by the Deputy Governor, and has as internal members senior officials of the Kaduna State Government. “Governor El-Rufai said that Kaduna State hopes to benefit from the profile, experience, intellect and networks of His Highness, Muhammad Sanusi, who before becoming Emir, had built a solid reputation in global financial circles. Malam Nasir El-Rufai said that Kaduna State is honoured to be able to call on the services of a man of such calibre to drive its development. “The Governor also said that he is confident that the new board, which includes the most senior officers of the state will further propel KADIPA to greater success in attracting investments to Kaduna State. He disclosed that the external members have been carefully chosen to further reinforce the investment credentials of the state. “The new board of KADIPA has the following members: 1. Her Excellency, Dr. Hadiza Balarabe Chairman
2. His Highness, Muhammadu Sanusi II Vice-Chairman
3. Balarabe Abbas Lawal, Secretary to the State Government
4. Bariatu Y. Mohammed, Head of Service
5. Jimi Lawal, Senior Adviser-Counsellor
6. Aisha Dikko, Attorney-General of Kaduna State
7. Idris Nyam, Commissioner, Business, Innovation & Technology
8. Fausat Ibikunle, Commissioner, Housing & Urban Development
9. Thomas Gyang, Commissioner, Planning & Budget Commission
10. Farida Dankaka, KACCIMA
11. Amal Hassan, Private Sector
12. Hafiz Bayero, MD, Kaduna Markets Development Company
13. Altine Jibrin, Director-General, KADGIS
14. Umma Aboki, Executive Secretary, KADIPA “Malam Nasir El-Rufai has expressed his gratitude to members of the reconstituted board of KADIPA for agreeing to serve.”