A Former Security Adviser to the Bayelsa State Government, Chief Perekeme Kpodoh, has said the only way to put a stop to the looting and monumental fraud allegedly being perpetuated by heads of Niger Delta intervention agencies is by arresting and prosecuting indicted officials. According to Chief Kpodoh, the mere sack of past and present heads of the Niger Delta Development Commission and the Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP) without prosecution has hardened and turned intervention agencies to a cash cow for corrupt politicians and further throw the region into the abyss of under development. Kpodoh, made his position known in a statement signed and issue to DAILY POST, on Thursday in Yenagoa. The All Progressives Congress (APC), Chieftain also urged President Muhammadu Buhari, to arrest anyone found wanting, while commending him for the steps taken so far on the suspension of the embattled Amnesty Boss, Charles Dokubo and some officials. “The decision to suspend Dokubo and set up a committee to investigate the financial dealing of the Amnesty office is commendable, “but when you always sack and did not prosecute, these corrupt heads of Amnesty office and NDDC will laugh and become hardened. “Despite the fact that I commend President Muhammadu Buhari for the step taken, there is the need to prosecute these sacked officials” “Most of them feel after the sack, the next is to leave in affluence with the stolen monies meant for thousands of reformed youths of the region. The likes of Kingsley Kuku, Brig. Boroh, Dokubo, Brainbaifa of the NDDC and many others in the NDDC, are left to enjoy the looted funds without prosecution and arrest. “They’re many reputable individuals in the Niger Delta that can serve and be upright in the assignment to oversee the intervention agencies. “It has come to the era in which we need to move away from these professors that soil the name of the region, because the competent once like us don’t have godfathers to lobby for us, these indicted heads of intervention agencies come from nothing and become stupidly rich without being prosecuted. If the Federal Government prosecute, the monumental fraud will stop. “If those stolen monies are used the region would have been transformed. Projects have littered the whole region with abandoned status and contractors are nowhere to be found. All those involved should be prosecuted. President Muhammadu Buhari should look for capable hands to handle the Presidential Amnesty office and the NDDC.” On the crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Bayelsa State over the recent Supreme Court verdict, Chief Kpodoh noted that though there is the need for party faithfuls to remain calm and focused,” Sylva has made a huge blunder and it will hunt him. Most of the people aggrieved within party are those that felt betrayed by Sylva.” “Sylva used many of the party faithful. If he gets a better side of them, he will dumped them. He abandoned some of us that sold our building to set up the APC in Bayelsa. Today, he has failed by fielding a running mate that cost the party a popularly won mandate.” Kpodoh argued that it is time for the party in the state to have a change of leadership in the state chapter of the Party, “we need to put in place genuine leadership of the party. A good leader should ensure that the followers are protected when political rough climate come, but Sylva has betrayed his followers in Bayelsa.”