Gubernatorial candidate of the Alliance for Democracy (AD) in the March 9th 2019 election in Oyo State, Engineer Oyedele Hakeem Alao, on Tuesday said that the explanation given by Governor Seyi Makinde on the eleven billion Naira (N11b) wage bill and One Hundred and Fifteen Thousand (115,000) workers on the pay roll of the state is not enough. Alao insisted that the people of the state and the general public still deserve more explanation from Makinde on how he arrived at the Eleven Billion Naira (N11b) wage bill in the state and the Fifteen Thousand workers on the pay roll of the state. DAILY POST recalls that Makinde had two weeks ago told participants at the Nigerian-American Business Forum in Tampa, Florida, United States that the state has 115,000 civil servants and a wage bill of N11 billion per month, which is just 1.4 per cent of the total population. He said, “Presently, Oyo State has 115,000 civil servants and a wage bill of N11 Billion per month, which is just 1.4 per cent of the total population. We can’t employ all the strong and energetic people in the state. Our job is to ensure we create opportunities that will be appealing to the private sector, so they can come in and provide employment opportunities for 10 per cent of the population who are presently unemployed and create more opportunities to attract further investment.” Alao had earlier urged Makinde to explain how he got the figures. Makinde through the Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), in the state, Engineer Akeem Olatunji described those who are criticizing the Governor on the figures as uninformed, mischievous and devious. Olatunji stated that the opposition APC and some political minions including Hakeem Alao, are confused and needed to be educated about running a state. But Alao in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday by his Media Aide, Omotayo Iyanda, insisted that Makinde and the PDP Publicity Secretary should know that government is not a family enterprise. He noted that, “It is wrong to claim that Makinde was in order to lump figures together as a “father” of the state. Everybody knows his father in his family. In this context, the matter of fatherism does not arise at all. We should begin to put record straight if indeed we are educated.” Alao who said that the explanation given by Olatunji on behalf of Makinde is not genuine enough, remarked that his concern is sanity and sanctity of running a sincere and transparent government for a genuine development of the State and the benefits of its citizens and residents. “Our concern is sanity and sanctity of running a sincere transparent government for a genuine development of the state and the benefits of its citizens and residents. “However, sad that the party, through its Publicity Secretary, Mr Akeem Olatunji, has not really seen anything wrong in the way Governor Makinde lumped the figures of the workforce and the wage bill of both the local government and the state together. It is also sad that Mr Olatunji, who is a beneficiary of the daylight fraud and robbery that put in place the present state exco of PDP and subsequently their government, digressed from the sanity of the allegation of inflation of figures by the governor to the dirty politics of the yore labelling the past administration. “Mr Olatunji should note that Oyedele Hakeem Alao, a reputable world-class practicing engineer managing international multimillion dollars engineering companies, cannot be uninformed or confused unless Mr Olatunji, their party’s leader and their other co-travelers deliberately planned to deceive the people of the state to con them by twisting figures. “In our press release of Wednesday, 11 March 2019, which was the first eye-opener on the cleverness of Governor Makinde in the US, we categorically stated that the governor lumped the figures of the labour force and the wage bill of the state and the local government together and regarded the action as “illogical and preposterous. Mr Olatunji, as far as this matter is concerned, has only succeeded in rabble-rousing as a typical Nigerian politician. “We, hereby, state that it is unethical and an attempt to becloud and play a fast game with figures on the residents of the state by lumping the figures together as doing so is against the principle of accounting and auditing. The PDP state Publicity Secretary should know that government is not a family enterprise. So, it is wrong to claim that “Governor Makinde was in order” to lump figures together as a “father” of the state. Everybody knows his father in his family. In this context, the matter of fatherism does not arise at all. We should begin to put record straight if indeed we are educated. “Indeed, Mr Akeem Olatunji’s party and leadership is a master in running a state government and that is why their government has earned a laurel in policy reverse and somersault, perhaps their team always act before thinking. Talking about integrity, what integrity is in a leader who corners every contract and project by awarding it to his agents and cronies? Where is integrity when you cannot honour a gentlemanly agreement reached with the main coalition forces ahead of the March 2019 governorship election and behaving like another emperor after the exit of one? Where is the integrity when you abandon the leaders and elder statesmen that worked for your victory?”.