The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has called for the rejig of emergency response in Nigeria in a manner that would educate Nigerians on how to respond to disasters. PDP made the call in response to the gas explosion in Abule-Ado area of Lagos State which claimed several lives and damaged properties. In a statement signed by its spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, the opposition party expressed worries over the spate of explosions and other disasters in Lagos State in recent times. The statement reads: “PDP is shocked and grief-stricken by yet another devastating explosion in Abule-Ado, Lagos state, on Sunday, which again resulted in the agonizing death of innocent citizens while injuring and rendering many more homeless. “PDP is particularly worried about the spate of explosions and other avoidable disasters, particularly in Lagos and other strategic states, which raises grave public safety concerns in our nation’s commercial nerve centres.” The opposition party recalled that only in January, a pipeline explosion had rocked Abule-Egba in Lagos State. PDP stated that the incident had killed several Nigerians in the inferno that razed valuables and brought anguish to many families. It added: “PDP, therefore, calls for a rejig of the national emergency response in a manner that will educate Nigerians on how to prevent disasters. “Our party also holds that such an overhaul of the nation’s emergency management must strengthen quick responses to disasters by respective agencies of government and volunteer groups.” The party called for drastic measures to be taken to check recurring disasters in the country. “The party lamented that the explosion has again brought sorrow, anguish and pain to families who are now suffering bereavement, injuries, homelessness, loss of property and means of livelihood. “The PDP is grieved by the traumatizing effect of the explosion on a school, which killed the school principal, Revd. Sist. Henrietta Alokha, and injured many of the students. “Our party notes the heroic service rendered by Revd. Sister Alokha in saving no fewer than 300 students and losing her own life at the end,” the statement added. The former ruling party urged the Federal Government to confer a worthy posthumous recognition in honour of Revd Sister Alokha. PDP deeply commiserated with the victims of the explosion and urged relevant authorities as well as public-spirited individuals, groups and establishments to come to their aid.