The Nigeria Association of Women Journalists (NAWOJ) has called on the Federal Government to roll out palliative measures for women, children, and the vulnerable in the country. This is as the Coronavirus outbreak continues to take its toll on the nation’s economy. The urgent call is contained in a statement released on Sunday and signed by the National President of the Association, Ifeyinwa Omowole, and the National Secretary, Ladi Bala. The group, however, applauded the proactive response of the Federal and state governments in containing the spread of the virus. “Of particular note is the efforts of the Lagos State government, which has the highest number of positive patients. “While NAWOJ supports the lockdown and restriction of movement of persons as well as other precautionary measures taken by states across the country, the low economic power and high level of poverty among Nigerians especially women, calls for concern. “The Nigeria Association of Women Journalists being the mirror of the society wonders how the millions of poor Nigerians, who rely on daily paid jobs and petty trading to survive, will cope in the event of total lockdown in fighting the spread of COVID-19. “NAWOJ, therefore, calls on the Federal and state governments to roll out an economic palliative plan to cater for citizens, especially in the provision of basic consumables such as food items and other essentials to ease the difficulty that may undermine an effective fight against the pandemic,” it appealed. The Journalists also commended the Lagos State Government for taking the lead by rolling out an economic stimulus plan for residents, a feat worthy of emulation by other states. The Association, however, appealed for special consideration for women and the vulnerable, especially the elderly in delivering these palliatives to citizens. “This is a trying moment in the history of the nation, which requires collective response of all citizens to get through. “There is no better time for Nigerian politicians to rally round their electorate than now”, said the Association. NAWOJ, further, appealed to Nigerians, especially women and children, to be socially responsible by adhering to preventive measures as prescribed by the health authorities.