Former National Publicity Secretary of the defunct New Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and chieftain of the APC, Chief Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, has blamed the unending internal crisis rocking the Rivers State chapter of the APC on Senator Magnus Abe. Eze, in a memo presented to the Bisi Akande-led APC National Reconciliation Committee and contained in a press release forwarded to DAILY POST on Wednesday, alleged that Senator Abe sided a group of party stakeholders to sabotage the fortunes of the party during the 2019 general elections. Senator Abe was the factional governorship candidate of APC in Rivers during the 2019 general elections after the Supreme Court voided the parallel primaries conducted by the party in 2018. However, according to Eze,”I must reiterate that Dr. Akande-led Reconciliation Committee should note that the case of Rivers State chapter of the party is a bit unique and different from that of other chapters and therefore, cannot be handled in a manner depicting a mere feud, owing to the fact that some extremes and agents of other political parties and external forces are interested and hell-bent on destabilizing and weakening the party structure in the State in order to pave way for the operation of a one party system in the State. “Abe and his co-conspirators continued with their denigration of the party beyond 2015, when the group embarked on an obvious destructive mission with the determination that the party would not field any candidate during the 2019 general elections, and this was the result”. The ex-PDP spokesman maintained that the Akande-led Reconciliation Committee may face some hurdles trying to reconcile the party with such group of persons who have done much harm, not only to the party but also the electorates who were disenfranchised, as well as key members whose desires to represent the people at the parliament and in other positions in the government were abruptly terminated. He claimed, “A recompense for the success of their unholy venture and treacherous alliance with the People’s Democratic Party in Rivers State, some of them have been appointed into the Rivers State Executive Council under a PDP Government, others have formally joined PDP in droves and others have contested elective elections under PDP and won while others are in confidence, waiting for their own reward for a job well done. “Not relenting in their satanic and anti people assignment, the group has once again, vowed that the party will not exist to participate in the 2023 general elections in Rivers State, reason being why they have defiled all hands on solution to the problems of the party in Rivers State, and has continued to push passionately for the extinction of the party to pave way for the opposition in state as they have done in previous elections”. Eze also described the latest effort by one Igo Aguma, who is continuing in the footsteps of Abe as unwholesome and another grand plot to keep the party debased, haven’t volunteered himself as a willing tool in the hands of the Rivers State government and the People’s Democratic Party to weaken the APC. “If such plot succeeds, it will entail the Ikwerre ethnic Nationality governing Rivers State for 24 years to the determinant of other tribes in the state. Should APC play along in this devious plot by Governor Nyesom Wike, I am not sure the other tribes in Rivers State will ever forgive the leadership of the APC for such a blunder. The party must do everything to ensure that Aguma is stopped in his evil conspiracy and plot with the opposition to scuttle the chances of the APC fielding candidates in the next election”. He commended President Muhammadu Buhari and the APC leadership over what he described as inspired moves, to reconcile warring factions within the chapters of the party that are having divisive and internal conflicts. Meanwhile, former representative of Rivers South-East Senatorial District, Senator Magnus Abe, has reiterated the need for a cohesive and, an all-embracing All Progressives Congress (APC) in the State. He condemned the attitude of the leadership of the party towards routine political issues, and the penchant for disobedience to court orders which has brought the party to its predicament. The former Rivers State Secretary to the Government noted that had the leadership adhered to wise counsel, its fortunes would not have so dwindled. Abe who spoke in a press statement, recounted that problems of Rivers APC are self-inflicted and stated that the party logo would not have been removed from the ballot paper, if the leadership of the party had not interfered in the agreement of the stakeholders of the party on their congresses in the state.