Former Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial district, Shehu Sani on Sunday has asked the government to provide food and relief materials for the poor in Nigeria to make the stay at home order effective. In a statement made available to DAILY POST, the former lawmaker said that the order was a good step in the right direction in an attempt to curtail the deadly disease. He wrote: “The stay at home order by the Federal and State Governments can only be morally right and effective if palliative measures in form of relief materials are provided to cushion the effect of the lockdown. “Without providing food and essential items for poor families, the nation will be heading to starvation and social upheavals. “The stay at home order is an inevitable strategy of containing the spread of the virus but the level of poverty in the country demands that the poor must be assisted and supported to avert an open disobedience and revolt against the order, the Government and the system. “Coronavirus is not just a medical disaster but a social and economic tragedy confronting our nation and humanity as a whole. “Third world countries should not just copy and paste the same measures taken by developed and industrialized nations without taking cognizance of the inherent deficiencies and vulnerabilities of our countries. “The FG donations of N10 Billion to Lagos should not be politicized, trivialized or ethnicized. It is for the good of all Nigerians if judiciously utilized. However, the test and operation of the Coronavirus processes should be decentralized to involve other teaching hospitals in all the geo-political zones. “Coronavirus is a test of our faith, spirit, wisdom and resilience as a people and as a nation. “The Coronavirus crisis is an indictment on the failure of our public health system and the consequences of the decades of neglect by our successive Governments. “The Federal and States Governments should consider the following measures
-Release of Prisoners to decongest the prison.
-Suspension of payment of rents.
-Suspension of payment of electricity and water bills. “Suspension of payment of loans and mortgage payment. “Half payment of Tuition fees for all categories of students in public and private schools”.