Abia State Governor, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, has approved the set up of Enforcement Committee to ensure full compliance of the precautionary measures mapped out by the government in preventing the spread of deadly coronavirus pandemic in the state. This was contained in the recommendation report jointly signed by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Barrister Chris Ezem, Commissioner for Health, Dr. Joe Osuji and Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu. DAILY POST recalls that the Abia State Government had inaugurated a committee to manage the prevention and preparation to handle issues around the reported outbreak of Coronavirus in Nigeria. The committee which terms of reference included launching preventive media campaigns, putting machinery in place to protect vulnerable groups such as school children, identification and preparation of isolation centres in case of any outbreak in the state, procurement of test kits and drugs as well as coordination with state and federal agencies, was inaugurated by the Secretary to State Government (SSG), Barr Chris Ezem, at the Government House, Umuahia. The committee which is chaired by the state Commissioner for Health, Dr Joe Osuji, has the Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, his counterparts in Homeland Security, Prince Dan Okoli and Science and Technology, Chief Chijioke Madumere, who is the Secretary, as members. However, Ikpeazu named the Commissioner for Environment, Dr. Solomon Ogunji, as Chairman of the Enforcement Committee in fight Against Coronavirus disease. Members of the committee included, Sir Onyi Wamah(Head of Service), Chief Sopuruchi Beke, Dr KCK Nwangwa, Barr. Ekele Nwaohamuo, Dr Jonathan Osuji, Dr Felix Chinwendu Joe, DCP Alfa Jibrin, Meshach Jatau, Dr Uba Nwugha, Mr Bright Ikeokwu, Chief Ezinwa Abiri, Hon. Kingsley Nnaji and Hon Obinna Friday. Meanwhile, the Abia government has emphasized that there are no recorded cases of Coronavirus in Abia as at today, assuring to keep the state free of the virus while working hard to put necessary measures in place to protect all and sundry. This was contained in a press release made available to newsmen in Umuahia, on Wednesday. It said, “Citizens, residents and visitors are strongly advised to take individual measures to protect themselves and loved ones as well as strictly follow guidance from this committee and medical professionals. “We will continue to review all measures on a day-to-day basis and give the people regular briefings, “the government further assured.