Elders of Anambra State under the aegis of Anambra State Elders Council have supported the decision of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA to shift power to the southern zone of the State. The group which consists of eminent citizens of the state during its first meeting of the year backed the plan, and described it as being just. A communiqué jointly signed by former Secretary-General of the Commonwealth, Chief Emeka Anyaoku and Professor Solo Chukwudebelu,
Secretary to the State Government stated that the council also reviewed happenings in the State, while receiving briefing from the State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano on some critical projects in the State. Part of the communiqué read, “The Council reiterated its position on the rotation of the office of the Governor among the three senatorial zones in the state, and hence its expectation that the next Governor of the state will come from the Anambra South senatorial zone. “The Council received the briefing from Governor Obiano through a documentary on the key achievements of his administration since March 2014. The council commended the administration’s scorecard. “The Council was comprehensively briefed on the building of Anambra International Cargo/Passenger Airport at Umueri in Anambra East Local Government Area. Members were satisfied with the pace of work, the choice of internationally reputable contractors in the construction and the 15-month deadline to deliver the airport and the business prospects of the airport. Members also expressed delight that the airport will be completed without a loan.” DAILY POST gathered that former CBN governor, Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, the Chairman of the Anambra State Vision 2070 Committee, used the opportunity of the meeting to present a blueprint of the state’s developmental plan to the elders. The Council was also said to have commended the state government’s effort to ensure that Anambra State remained one of the most secure states in the country, and in this respect applauded the work of the Anambra State Cattle Menace Committee set up by Governor Obiano since February 2015.