The Legislative arm of Ikorodu West Local Council Development Area (LCDA) has impeached the council chairman, Hon. Princess Ganiyat Olajumoke Jimbo Ademehin, in a unanimous resolution passed by the House. According to a statement released by the Council Leader, Hon. Agbaje Wasiu Omotayo, the impeachment was based on allegation of gross misconduct and abuse of public office levelled against the council boss. Princess Ademehin, who was summoned to appear before the Councillors, failed to appear before the Legislative Council to defend herself with appropriate and relevant documents stating the facts and figures against the allegation at the expiration of the seven working days ultimatum on Monday stated in the summons. The LCDA Chairman was also alleged by the councillors to be stifling the development of Ikorodu West LCDA and thereby compromising the development agenda of T.H.E.M.E.S and consequently that of achieving a Greater Lagos. The leader of the House said the Councillors also considered the high level of mal-administration and serious retrogression leading to misappropriation of Public Funds by the Chairman. I want to make it clear there is also the allegation of the denial by the impeached chairman of some revenue from the State and Federal Government, some of the stated revenue include the Lagos Signage and Advertising Percentage remittance, Lagos land Use charge remittance and Wharf landing remittance. “The impeachment notice was duly signed by all the councillors representing the 5 wards of Ikorodu West Council Development Area which include Hon. Gbadamosi Olaomo Saliu representing Ward A, Hon. Dada Oluwatoyin Moses the Chief Whip, Hon. Kalejaiye Adebowale Aramide, the majority Leader, Honourable Tejumaiye Adeyanju Julius, the deputy leader and Hon. Agbaje Wasiu Omotayo, the Leader of the Council. A copy of the impeachment has been submitted at the Ministry of Local Government and Community Affairs and the Lagos State House of Assembly. “By the impeachment, Princess Ganiyat Olajumoke Jimbo Ademehin ceases to be the chairman of Ikorodu West Local Council Development Area.”