Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A Strong legal team of the Dethroned Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, led by a Senior Advocate of Nigeria, AB Muhmud has given the Nigeria Police, the entire security agents and the Nigeria Attorney General of the Federation, an ultimatum to immediately release the Emir and allow him reunite with his family. AB Muhmud (SAN), who spoke to newsmen in Kano, Tuesday, said they have since received instructions from the Emir through his Chief of Staff to challenge the legality of the Emir’s detention and banishment. 2. No fewer than four people were on Tuesday, allegedly killed by some officers of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) Oyo/Osun states command in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital. The incident sources said occurred at the NCS barracks in Ijokodo area of Ibadan, Tuesday evening when the Customs officers pulled the trigger after seizing a trailer conveying some prohibited items into the country. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of members of the Governing Board of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) and Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA). Sabiu Zakari, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Transportation, who made the announcement in a statement on Tuesday in Abuja, named Honourable Asita as Chairman of the Governing Board of NIMASA while members of the governing board to include Victor Ochei, Executive Director (Cabotage); Chudi Offordile, Executive Director (Admin & Finance); Shehu Ahmed, Executive Director (Operations); Adekola Adefemi, Muhammed Abubakar, and Hassan Mahmud. 4. A Federal High Court on Tuesday affirmed Governor Douye Diri as the authentic Governorship Candidate of the People’s Democratic Party in Bayelsa state in a suit filed by Timi Alaibe calling for cancellation of the result of the primary election based on cited procedural flaws. Justice Tijani Ringim in a judgment delivered on Tuesday, dismissed the case, saying that the plaintiff failed to prove his case. 5. The Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai has approved the appointment of former Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, into the board of Kaduna Investment Promotion Agency, KADIPA, barely 24 hours after he was dethroned by the Kano State Government for disobeying lawful authorities. A statement by El-Rufai’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Muyiwa Adekeye, said the governor approved Sanusi’s appointment as Vice Chairman of the board while reconstituting the board of KADIPA. 6. Delta State Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa, has lost another aide, Dr Amos Itihwe. Itihwe, the EA on Political Matters, is Okowa’s third aide to pass away within one week, following the demise of, Friday Akpoyibo and Godspower Muemuifo, on March 8 and 4, respectively. 7. The All Progressives Congress (APC), State Chairmen Forum has denied passing a vote of confidence on Adams Oshiomhole, National Chairman of the party. The forum in a statement by its Publicity Secretary, Alhaji Lawal Liman, said that there was no such decision reached by the forum, saying they had not met to deliberate on the crisis that had engulfed the party. 8. The Chairman, Ekiti State Teaching Service Commission, Babatunde Abegunde, said on Tuesday that the commission had dismissed a secondary school teacher, Mr Gbenga Owoosi, for allegedly impregnating a 17-year-old pupil. Abegunde said TESCOM, on getting a hint about the development, carried out a thorough investigation and followed the due process before arriving at the decision to dismiss the teacher. 9. The House of Representatives has resolved to intervene in the crisis between the Federal Government and the Academic Staff Union of Universities over the Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System. The leadership of the House has scheduled a meeting with the Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu; Minister of Labour, Employment and Productivity, Chris Ngige; and President of ASUU, Prof. Biodun Ogunyemi, on Wednesday (today). 10. The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mr Abubakar Malami (SAN), on Tuesday, rejected the call by human rights lawyer, Mr Femi Falana (SAN), for stolen funds, especially the ones linked to the late Head of State, Gen Sani Abacha, to be returned to the Federal Account. Malami, through his spokesperson, Dr Umar Gwandu, was reacting to the suggestion recently made by Falana in Akure, Ondo State that the recovered loot ought to be paid into the Federation Account and shared between the Federal Government and the federating units.