The Spiritual Director of the Adoration Ministry, Enugu, Rev. Father Ejike Mbaka, has debunked reports that he had directed the people to check their bible to find a strand of hair which they should put in water to wash their face as a solution to the COVID-19 global Pandemic. The rebuttal was signed by Barr Ike Maximus Ugwuoke, the Media Aide, Adoration Ministry Enugu, and made available to DAILY POST on Sunday. Reports emerged in some quarters [not DAILY POST] that the respected preacher had found a solution to the wide-spreading disease which has infected more than 90 people in Nigeria. Enugu Government on Saturday confirmed two cases of coronavirus in the state. The statement from Adoration Ministry reads, “Our attention has been drawn to the claims being peddled on public domain and social media that the Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry Enugu Nigeria, Rev Fr Ejike Mbaka, had ministered that people should check their bible to find a strand of hair which they should put in water to wash their face as the solution to the COVID-19 global Pandemic. “This claim credited to Fr Mbaka is false, mendacious, unfounded and is hereby refuted. Rev Fr Mbaka as a priest of the Holy Roman Catholic Church is not associated with such occultic and satanic utterances or practices in his ministrations. “The claim is a handwork of enemies of Adoration Ministry seeking to dent the good image of Fr Mbaka. Those spreading such rumours are agents of darkness, witches and wizards from the pit of hell with a demonic assignment of misleading people over such a global life-threatening pandemic. “Consequently Fr Mbaka enjoins all true Christians to ignore these agents from the satanic kingdom and to share this message to counter their antics. “To keep the records straight Fr Mbaka has been ceaselessly praying for the healing of the World of the COVIC-19 global pandemic. “Prayers, Fasting, Charity and Calling on the Precious Blood of Jesus are the Spiritual solutions Fr Mbaka had proffered to all in the situation while giving directive a few days ago for suspension of all the ministry’s programmes pending further directive. “In addition to this he had also recommended that people should adhere to all measures from World Health Organization in contending the spread of the COVID -19 virus. “