Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Lagos State Government, on Wednesday, announced that four children of the same family and their teacher have been quarantined for Coronavirus. All five persons came into the country from the United States of America (USA), Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, told a news conference in Alausa, Lagos. 2. The Imo Governor, Hope Uzodinma, on Wednesday, sent names of 22 commissioner-nominees to State House of Assembly for screening The nominees have been urged to submit all necessary documents to the panel at the Assembly complex. 3. The House of Representatives, on Wednesday in Abuja, ordered an immediate probe of the cleanup of spills and remediation in oil-producing areas of the country in the last five years. Considering a motion sponsored by Abubakar Hassan Fulata at plenary presided by Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila, it resolved to set up an ad-hoc committee to probe activities of the National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA) in the Joint Investigative Visits. 4. The High Court of Federal Capital Territory, Maitama, Abuja, has cleared the way for the All Progressives Congress (APC) Emergency National Executive Committee (NEC) meeting slated for next week. The Nation reports that the court restrained National Working Committee (NWC) members loyal to National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, from obstructing the conduct of the meeting which is expected to decide the fate of the embattled former Edo governor. 5. The Nigerian Senate has assured that its report on the nation’s insecurity will be ready next week. Chairman of the Senate Ad-hoc Committee on Security Challenges, Sen. Yahaya Abdullahi (APC- Kebbi), on Wednesday, requested a week extension to enable the panel conclude work. 6. The Katsina State Police Command has killed six kidnappers and rescued 18 passengers, including 13 prospective corps members abducted on their way to the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) orientation camp in Zamfara. Commissioner of Police, Sanusi Buba, said the freed captives were forcefully seized along Funtua-Gusau road, Funtua Local Government area in Katsina State. 7. The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) has stated that Open Market price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) in Nigeria is currently N114.53 per litre. This is contained in the Pricing Template data for petrol released in Abuja, on Wednesday. 8. The Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved N13.9billion for the purchase of insecticides in states affected by quelea birds. Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono, who disclosed this on Wednesday when he addressed State House correspondents, explained that the money also covers the purchase of drugs for the treatment of animal diseases like rabies. 9. The Authorities of the Bayelsa Police Command, has confirmed the arrest of two herdsmen for attacking and stabbing a police officer in Bayelsa. According to the spokesman of the Command, Asinim Butswat, who confirmed the incident, said two of the herdsmen were arrested and being interrogated over the incident,”On 10/03/2020 at about 0700 hours one Dautra Abakara and one Agonto Gimta amongst others, entered the premises of a leading construction company’s yard at the uncompleted Bayelsa Tower Hotel, Azikoro, with cows for grazing”. 10. The Federal Government has said the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU)’s two-week warning strike is illegal. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, who stated this while speaking with State House correspondents at the end of the Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday, explained that contrary to the International Labour Organization (ILO) convention, ASUU failed to give proper notice to the government before embarking on strike.