Good Morning: Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The federal government has barred international flights arriving into the Murtala Muhammed Airport Lagos and the Nnamdi Azikiwe Airport, Abuja. The Director-General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), Capt. Musa Nuhu, on Saturday, explained that the closure of international flight operations at the Lagos and Abuja airports, are in addition to the three other international airports in Kano, Enugu and Port Harcourt, which were shut for flight operations on Saturday. 2. Nigeria now has 10 new cases of the new coronavirus. The total number of cases in Africa’s most populous nation is now 22. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, tweeted in an update on Saturday, that Nigeria has recorded 10 new cases of #COVID19 in Lagos and FCT. 3. The Lagos State Government has reviewed the number of persons allowed at all forms of gatherings to 20 from 50 due to coronavirus. The government explained that the decision was to further enforce social distancing to curb the spread of the global pandemic. 4. The Nigerian Railway Corporation (NRC) on Saturday announced the suspension of passengers’ train services in the country with effect from Monday. The NRC Deputy Director Public Relations, Mr Yakub Mahmood, who made this known on behalf of the Board and Management of the corporation in Lagos said, the suspension is in view of the report of the already known Coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak. 5. The Nasarawa Government on Saturday confirmed that all the five suspected cases of COVID-19 being isolated at the Federal Medical Centre (FMC) Keffi, tested negative for the virus. The State Commissioner for Health, Ahmed Yahaya, who made the disclosure at a press briefing on Saturday, said the results from specimen taken from the five suspected cases for test at the National Center for Disease Control (NCDC) Abuja, all came back negative 6. Unknown gunmen, on Saturday kidnapped the District Head of Wuya in Anka Local Government Area of Zamfara state, Alhaji Umar and two others. His abduction was confirmed by Zamfara Commissioner of Security and Home Affairs, Alhaji Abubakar Dauran. 7. Three residents of Kaduna that recently travelled to the United Kingdom and Egypt are presently in self isolation and being monitored for Covid-19, according to the Kaduna state health officials. The information contained in a statement issued by the state Commissioner of health, Dr Amina Mohammed Baloni, explained that the affected persons have shown no known symptoms of the disease. 8. Due to the Lagos State Government’s ban on public gatherings of more than 20 people, the Catholic Archdiocese of Lagos has suspended all public masses for a period of 4 weeks. This was made known in a special circular by the Archbishop of Lagos, Archbishop Alfred Adewale Martins. 9. Oyo State has recorded its first case of coronavirus (COVID-19), bringing the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria to 23. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State confirmed this in a statement on Sunday morning. The statement said the COVID-19 confirmation test for the suspected case at Bodija has come back POSITIVE. The result was released at 17:35 PM of March 21, 2020. 10. Troops of the Nigerian Army attached to Operation Hadarin Daji have shot dead 26 bandits during separate encounters in the Jibia Local Government Area of Katsina State and Maru LGA of Zamfara State. According to the military on Saturday, the troops encountered the bandits on Thursday while responding to a distress call on the movement of bandits with rustled animals within Gurbin Magarya, Kwari and Garin Gado villages of Jibia LGA.