The chairman of the All Progressives Congress,(APC), in Abia state, Hon. Donatus Nwankpa Tuesday, called for a truce among leaders of the party in the state, saying that claims and counter claims over the outcome of the 2019 polls will not help in future elections. Nwankpa said the party at this time cannot allow itself to be mired in internal wrangling, calling for all members and supporters of the party to remain calm. This followed a lingering war of words among the leaders of APC in the state, accusing each other of aiding the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP), to truncate the party’s chances in the last 2019 general elections. However, Nwankpa, in a chat with newsmen on Tuesday, in Umuahia, called on bigwigs of the party in the state to sheath their swords and allow peace to reign even as the party explores all avenues to enhance its chances in 2023. He said, “We cannot exhaust our energy in intra disagreement. We have a lot do to ahead. In APC, we are putting our house in order. Whatever were our shortcomings in the last election, not just in Abia but across the country. Every effort is being made to ensure we get things right. We are appealing for all frayed nerves to calm down so that we can unite as one family”. He called on the parties to be open to the principle of forgiveness and reconciliation, appealing to chieftains of the party to at all times be guided in their utterances. Nwankpa also said his party has the popularity, membership, and support of people of the state, insisting that the party is strategizing and not ready to engage in meaningless altercations with the ruling party in the state. “The time for action is coming. The problem I have in Nigerian politics is that people at all times politick. We have a tenure of four years and within four years we should have at a time in our life say this is the time for governance, this is time for politics. It’s not every minute you will be politicking with everything, politick with human life, politick with welfare, politick with health and security. These things are not the best we should do”.