The Governorship candidate of the Allied People’s Movement (APM) in Ogun State in the last governorship election, Hon. Adekunle Akinlade, has condemned the “gruesome” killing of Sekinat Agbelade, an SS3 student of Agosasa Community High School, allegedly by men of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS). Akinlade also charged Governor Dapo Abiodun of the state to wake up to his responsibility of protecting the lives of the people of the state. DAILY POST reported that Sekinat, 15, was killed on Saturday, while some men of the NCS were on the chase of some suspected smugglers, in Agosasa, Ipokia Local Government area of Ogun State. According to Akinlade, “A situation were a trained officer points his gun in anger and shoots at harmless bystanders in broad daylight is condemnable, to say the least.” In a statement signed by his Media Aide, Azeez Adelani on Monday, the former lawmaker noted that the Nigerian nation is bordered by 105 Local governments in 21 States and that the relationship between Custom officers and residents of such communities dated back to time immemorial; questioning the highhandedness of the men of the Nigeria Customs in Ipokia Local Government of Ogun State. Akinlade, who is also an Agosasa indigene, expressed sadness that the continuous killings must be placed squarely on the steps of the Ogun State government. He was of the opinion that the laws of the country were clear on the rules of engagement and use of fatal force by arms carrying personnel. “The Saturday, 28th of March 2020 killing by men of the Nigeria Customs in Agosasa is needless and will continue unless the government of the day in Ogun State stands up to its responsibilities of protecting its citizens and residents alike, until every life counts, regardless of where you come from, only then will this ‘madness’ cease”, Akinlade noted. He continued: “The roles of our courts are also clear and by extension, the rights of every citizen to be heard by a competent court of jurisdiction and must be found guilty of an offence before he or she is punished. To this end, no person or institution under any guise has the right to take someone’s life.” “I expect the State’s Attorney General to petition the Federal government and at the same time institute a case against the officers responsible for this killing, and by extension, the Nigeria Customs Service. We deserve to be protected because of our rights to life,” he emphasised. DAILY POST reports that Akinlade has sent a delegation to the families of the deceased and those injured by gunshots allegedly fired by the Customs officers, while condoling with the people of Ogun state at large. “My dear good people of Agosasa and Ogun State in general, l once again extend my heart-felt condolences to the families of those that have lost loved ones. God bless us all,” Akinlade mourned. DAILY POST recalls that three students of Ojumo Community High School, Ihunbo were allegedly killed by a Customs officer, who was conveying a ‘tokunbo’ vehicle seized from some suspected smugglers in October 2019.