The Speaker, House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila; former governor of Oyo State, Adebayo Alao-Akala and the Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Saliu Adetunji, Aje Ogungunniso I, were among eminent Nigerians who defied Coronavirus fear to attend the final burial of father of a member of House of Representatives, Hon. Musliudeen Akinremi in Ibadan on Friday. Our correspondent reports that the dignitaries were seen at the final burial of the father of the lawmaker who represents Ibadan North Federal Constituency despite the ongoing fear of the deadly Coronavirus across the world. This is coming when both the federal government and state governments, religious organisations and institutions are closing schools and banning public gatherings. Other personalities who defied Coronavirus fear also known as COVID-19 to attend the final burial of Alhaji Abdul-Lateef Akinremi Adisa, father of the lawmaker were; Chief Medical Director, University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Professor Abiodun Otegbayo; gubernatorial candidate of All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 2019 elections in Oyo State, Chief Adebayo Adelabu. Others were; Senator Teslim Folarin, representing Oyo Central in the Senate; governorship aspirant of APC in Oyo State in 2019, Dr. Olusola Ayandele; and Chairman of APC in the state, Chief Akin Oke. The list also included the 2019 governorship candidate of Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) in the state, Alhaji Sarafadeen Alli; Alhaji Abass Oloko and Wasiu Emiola. Our correspondent, however, observed that proper screening against COVID-19 was conducted for every person that entered the hall with digital thermometer and alcohol-based hand sanitiser was provided by the organisers, which individuals used to disinfect their hands against Coronavirus. Popular Fuji music icon, Alhaji Wasiu Ayinde, who was installed recently as Mayegun of Yorubaland by the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi III, was the artiste for the occasion to thrill the audience. Our correspondent recalls that this this is not the first time politicians in the state will gather in hundreds for a function despite the fear of the deadly Coronavirus. The PDP in the South West region on Wednesday organized what it termed as unity rally in Ibadan.