The crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Kwara State took a new dimension Monday with the Vice Chairman of the party for Kwara North senatorial district, warning that “the soul of our party is been threatened by political marauders.” Sunday Oyebiyi, who addressed a press conference in Ilorin, on behalf of the state chairman, Hon Bashir Bolarinwa, called “on all genuine party members to join us in the tortuous task of saving our party from leeches and serial jobbers.” He reiterated that “contrary to the norm, there is a gapping disconnect between the governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, and the party and between the governor and revered party elders. “This scenario has been in place since after the party primaries, during and indeed after the elections,” he stated. Oyebiyi said, “severally, party elders had tried to wade into the matter by meeting with the state party chairman, the Hon Minister of information and the governor himself. “However, a follow up meeting with the governor to resolve the areas of differences has not been possible because the governor has refused to grant audience to the elders,” Oyebiyi alleged. He said “it is a well known fact that all hands were on deck during the elections under the aegis of one APC, it was after victory had been won,that splinter groups with a recurring AA acronym began to spring up.” He said the promoters of these groups have acted in ways inimical to the constitution of the party, as their activities presupposes a parallel structure to the party and have bandied the name of the governor as giving approval to their activities. Oyebiyi said as a party,led by Hon Bashir Bolarinwa, “we will remain focused on the task of party building and strengthening based on the principle of cohesiveness and oneness” adding that “any other agenda by the agents of divisive politics and their sponsors are abhorred by genuine stakeholders in the Kwara project.” The other faction in the state exco of the party led by Samari Abubakar, Deputy Chairman of APC, Kwara North senatorial district,had last Friday at a news conference accused Bolarinwa’s faction of alleged high handedness, lack of accountability and transparency in running the affairs of the party in state.