Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of All Progressive Congress, APC, has reacted to the Supreme Court judgement that sustained the victory of Governor Hope Uzodinma. The former Edo State Governor described the judgement as refreshing. Recall that the apex court on Tuesday dismissed the application filed by Ihedioha and his party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP for review of the January 14, 2020, judgment which saw him [Ihedioha] sacked as Imo State governor. DAILY POST reported that while six out of the seven members of the Supreme Court panel maintained their grounds on the ruling, one of them, Chima Nweze, disagreed with the judgment and declared Ihedioha winner of the 2019 governorship election in Imo. The APC National Chairman, who visited President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, told State House correspondents that compared to the Bayelsa judgement, the decision from the apex court was predictable. The former Labour leader said, “I think it is refreshing and quite predictable in the sense that from the attitude of the Supreme Court last week on Bayelsa that nothing was wrong with the candidate; the lower court did not disqualify the candidate, the issue of the candidate was not before the Supreme Court and yet the Supreme Court made a decision which we thought they benefited from in the words of Mr. Olanikpekun, some human corrections and the court says no, whatever they have done was final. “If that is the tradition of the court, unless they want to be changing it every other day I know nothing that has happened today was strange. “We know that Ihedioha did not have the required number and that is a fact that nobody has ever disputed. How anybody thought he can impose someone who did not meet the spread is only known to PDP. “Because, they specialize in rigging and they see rigging as their birth right. And that is why they could have the guts to be protesting in front of foreign embassies as if Nigeria is a colony under the supervision of some foreign powers. “So I think what the Supreme Court has done today is just to reaffirm that they are supreme and whatever they did the last time was on the basis of what was before them. “They did not make mistakes, there are no gaps, no ambiguity and therefore there was no basis to re-approach them to seat on the appeal in their own judgement. I think they are just being consistent with the position they took in previous cases. “Of course as a party chairman, APC members and indeed all democrats and all those who believe in the rule of law, who believe that as imperfect as the Supreme Court can be, they remain supreme. “We are happy and we thank God that the whole litigation process has come to an end. Because like one of the Justice said, there has to be an end to litigation, and I cannot agree less so that the people of Imo state can relax, sit back and work with their governor and that all hands are on deck to fill up the gaps so that Imo people will witness sustainable growth and development.”