The Oyo State House of Assembly on Tuesday passed into law the Oyo State Security Network Agency Bill 2020. DAILY POST reports that the passage of the bill followed the presentation of the report of the House Committee on Security and Special Duties led by Mr. Akeem Obadara representing Ibadan North West constituency. The new security outfit which was launched in January this year by some governors of the six states in the South West region is code-named ‘Operation Amotekun’. DAILY POST report that majority of the members of the assembly wore regalia likened to that of Amotekun (Leopard) to the house, which gave an insight that the bill would be discussed at the plenary. The session started with a clause by clause consideration of the bill before the eventual third reading and final adoption and passage. DAILY POST gathered that the state Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde had earlier sent the bill to the Assembly for consideration. One of the objectives of the bill is to create a security network that would collaborate with and assist the Police and other security agencies in maintaining law and order within the state. Obadara who gave the report of the committee to the house at the plenary on Tuesday maintained that the bill is a product of extensive deliberation by critical stakeholders. Speaker of the House, Adebo Ogundoyin in his remarks maintained that the House had fulfilled its fundamental responsibility of making people-oriented laws that would guarantee adequate protection of lives and property of the people in the state. He expressed optimism that the bill when signed into law by Mr. Makinde would stem the tide of kidnapping, banditry, armed robbery in the state. “By passing this bill, we have made history and we will be creating big strides towards providing and ensuring that all persons travelling along the highways, major roads, remote areas, hinterland and forest are free to participate in their normal social and economic life without fear or hindrance. “One of the major concerns has always been the issue of kidnapping, banditry, armed robbery and all other forms of criminalities. We believe that this bill will provide the needed security for our people. “We can be rest assured that the implementation will be thorough because we have not passed this bill in vain.