The national body of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), has berated its Ogun State Chairman, Tomiwa Bamgbose, for condemning the Federal and the Ogun State governments over the closure of schools to curtail the spread of Coronavirus. NANS said it has dissociated itself from the “outburst” of Bamgbose, describing his statement as reckless. DAILY POST learnt that Bamgbose had condemned the decision of the Federal and the State governments to shut down schools, saying the decision was “not the right step to take.” The Ogun student leader was also quoted to have said he was not in support of the government’s action because the deadly Coronavirus disease was not widespread in Nigeria, compared to countries like Italy and Spain. Reacting, the National Public Relations Officer of NANS, Comrade Azeez Adeyemi, said the Association is distancing itself from the Ogun State Chairman’s position, which he said was a “reckless talk.” Adeyemi said Bamgbose was not speaking on behalf of the entire students’ community in the State and the country at large, but he has only expressed his personal opinion, which he has the right to do. However, Adeyemi disclosed that, “we in NANS want to emphatically say that his position is not the general view of the students community in the State neither is it the general opinion of the national body of NANS in the country.” The NANS National Spokesman emphasised that Bamgbose cannot speak for Nigerian students because he is just a State Chairman out of the 36 States Chairmen, stressing that he is in no position to speak on behalf of the entire student population in the country. Speaking further, Adeyemi said: “We, therefore, urge all the students in the country, the Federal and the Ogun State government to disregard this reckless statement as it does not represent the general opinion of students in Nigeria. The NANS national PRO therefore called Bamgbose to order and warned him to desist from making unguarded statements that could throw the nation into chaos.