Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigerian government has imposed travel ban on thirteen countries over the Coronavirus outbreak. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, who made the disclosure, said the government is restricting entry into the country for travellers from the following countries: China, Italy, Iran, South Korea, Spain, Japan, France, Germany, Norway, the United States of America, the United Kingdom, Netherlands and Switzerland. 2. The President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government on Wednesday, approved a new pump price for premium motto spirit, otherwise known as petrol from N145 to N125 per litre. Mele Kyari, Group Managing Director, NNPC that the development was compliance with the directives of the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva on PMS pricing. 3. The Federal Ministry of Health on Wednesday, announced five new cases of the coronavirus, bringing total number of confirmed cases to eight. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), all the new five cases have a travel history to the United Kingdom and the United States of America. 4. The House of Representatives has asked the federal government to take a cue from the Saudi Arabia government and the Vatican city to ban open worshiping to stop the spread of coronavirus. The House also banned all airlines from coming into Nigeria, and refused to consider the return of Nigerians, as lawmakers concluded that the United Kingdom and other countries are equipped enough to take care of those at risk of the Virus. 5. The Senate on Wednesday urged President Muhammadu Buhari, to immediately brief Nigerians on efforts by his government to address the outbreak of the Coronavirus disease in the country. The lawmakers made the resolutions while considering a motion brought to the floor by Senator Danjuma Goje and was contained in a statement signed by Senate President, Ahmed Lawan’s spokesperson, Ezrel Tabiowo. 6. The Lagos State government, on Wednesday banned all religious gatherings involving over 50 worshippers in agreement with religious leaders in the State. The decision was passed in a communiqué read by the commissioner for Home Affairs, Prince Anofiu Elegushi, after a meeting with religious leaders in the state at the Bagauda Kaltho Press Centre, Alausa. 7. The United States has reciprocated Nigeria’s action which slammed travel ban on Americans amid the coronavirus scare. A statement from US Embassy in Nigeria on Wednesday said it had stopped all visa appointments. 8. As part of measures to address the impacts of coronavirus disease on the economy, the Federal Executive Council (FEC) has approved reduction in the size of the 2020 budget by about N1.5 trillion. Hajiya Zainab Ahmed, Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, who disclosed this while addressing State House correspondents on Wednesday, said the proposed budget cut of N1.5trillion, which must be approved by the National Assembly would include N457 billion from Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) under-recover. 9. Former Governor of Osun State, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola and ex-Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Ambassador Taofeek Arapaja, on Wednesday, officially rejoined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Oyinlola and Arapaja together with other political bigwigs rejoined PDP at a rally held in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital tagged PDP Southwest Zonal Unification Rally was held in Mapo in Ibadan. 10. The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has announced the cancellation of all forms of football activities in the country for the next four weeks. NFF Director of Communications, Ademola Olajire, in a statement on Wednesday, disclosed that the shutdown was “as a result of the global coronavirus pandemic’’.