Yobe State Governor, Mai Mala Buni and his deputy, Idi Barde Gubana have donated 50 percent of their basic salaries to the state’s COVID-19 Support Fund to help accelerate the effort in dealing with the coronavirus pandemic. This is as the government pushes measures to ensure that the coronavirus disease does not break out in the state. In a statement released by Abdullahi Bego, Commissioner for Home Affairs, Information and Culture and COVID-19 Resource Mobilization Sub-Committee Secretary, members of the State Executive Council, the Secretary to the State Government, Head of Service and the Chief of Staff to the governor also donated 50 percent of their basic salaries to the Fund. The statement also said all permanent secretaries, chief executive of boards and parastatals, permanent members of Commissions, including the Local Government Service Commission, House of Assembly Service Commission, Judicial Service Commission, Teaching Service Board, Science and Technical Schools Board, State Independent Electoral Commission, Fiscal Responsibility Board, Arabic and Islamic Education Board, Bureau For Public Procurement, Civil Service Commission, and the Pilgrims Welfare Commission, as well as the Directors of Personnel Management (DPMs) who are currently in charge of the 17 local government councils will donate 50 percent of their basic salaries to the effort to prevent a COVID-19 outbreak in the state. “The State Assembly Speaker, Hon. Ahmed Lawan Mirwa, his deputy, Hon. Mohammed Auwal Isa and 22 other members of the House of Assembly are also putting their shoulders behind the effort by donating 50 percent of their basic salaries. “The State’s judiciary is also chipping in with the Chief Judge and Grand Khadi making available 50 percent of their basic salaries to the effort to convert COVID-19. “As the work goes on across sectors and communities, the Yobe COVID-19 Prevention and Control Committee under the leadership of Governor Buni and his Deputy calls on the sons and daughters of Yobe State both within and outside the country, members of the business community, organisations, and philanthropists to do their part as well, by donating to the Yobe COVID-19 Support Fund through the following bank account: Yobe State COVID-19 Support Account Number 1022751510 Bank UBA. “The committee also reminds people across the state to continue to exercise social distancing, observe excellent respiratory etiquette, wash their hands regularly, avoid crowded places, stay at home most of the time, and pray to Almighty Allah (SWT) to provide a way out of the COVID-19 global pandemic,” the statement said.