Ebi Andrew, a 13-year-old boy has stabbed his 20-year-old elder brother to death over domestic argument. The incident, which threw the residence of Jehovah Witness Road, off Goodnews street in Azikoro Community, in Yenagoa Local Government Area of Bayelsa State into mourning, happened on Saturday night. DAILY POST gathered that the suspect, Ebi Andrew, stabbed his brother, named Tarikebina Andrew, over a minor disagreement which emanated when the deceased asked the suspect to go home and sleep. The sad incident, which occurred at about 9pm on Saturday, threw many into shock as their father was accused of hurriedly burying the murdered son to avoid police investigation and arrest of the killer boy. According to a family member, named Denis Andrew, who narrated the incident, both the suspect and the deceased were at a friend’s place few meters away from their home, when the deceased asked his younger brother to go home because it was late, an order the younger brother refused. He said his refusal led to a disagreement, adding that the suspect got embittered by the brother’s persistent order and entered the kitchen of the friend’s house and took a knife which he later used in stabbing his elder brother to death. Dennis said the deceased was rushed to the Federal Medical Center Yenagoa where he was confirmed dead because of internal bleeding. The father of both children took the deceased home and buried him Saturday night but some concerned neighbours, however, contacted the Azikoro Community police station which immediately deployed officers to the scene and arrested the father. The family member, Denis Andrew told our correspondent that the police ordered the corpse of the murdered boy to be exhumed, and it was later taken to the hospital. He also told our correspondent that both his father and the suspect were in police custody for interrogation and possible prosecution on the matter. Contacted on the development, the spokesman of the Bayelsa Police Command, Asinim Butswat stated that Ebikari Andrew ‘m’ 13 years, had a misunderstanding with his elder brother one Fineboy Andrew ‘m’ 20 years, which resulted into a fight. “The said Ebikari Andrew took a kitchen knife and stabbed his elder brother Fineboy Andrew in the stomach. Their father one Andrew Okpofemi, rushed the injured victim to the hospital, where he was confirmed dead. The suspect has been arrested and the murder weapon is recovered. Investigation is ongoing,” he said.