Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1.The Federal Capital Territory Administration, FCTA, has banned all religious or social gathering of over 50 persons. Malam Abubakar Sani, the Senior Special Assistant to the FCT Minister on Media and Strategic Communications, made this known on Friday. According to Sani, this decision was reached after a meeting of the FCT administration and religious leaders. 2. The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) on Friday announce that it has postponed the West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) for 2020 school candidates indefinitely. This was confirmed in a statement by WAEC Head of National Office, Mr. Patrick Ehidiamen Areghan, on Friday. He said the examination was postponed because of the deadly coronavirus. The exam was earlier scheduled to commence on April 6, 2020. 3. The Federal Government on Friday announced restriction of international flights to Murtala Muhammad International Airport Lagos and Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport, Abuja due to coronavirus outbreak. According to the Government, this was part of the preventive measures taken to halt the spread of the virus in the country. Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, made this known to newsmen. Ehanire stated that International flights will only go through the two airports until further notice. 4. The Federal Government has imposed travel ban on two more countries over the Coronavirus outbreak. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire while briefing newsmen in Abuja on Friday said it has included Austria and Sweden to the list in the list of high-risk countries. The travel ban is to take effect from March 21st 2020. 5. Evelyn Murray-Bruce, wife to former lawmaker representing Bayelsa East in the upper legislative chamber, Senator Ben Murray-Bruce, is dead. The 67-year-old Evelyn was battling cancer before her death. The family in a statement on Friday confirmed her death. 6. The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) has arrested the suspended Chairman of the Special Presidential Investigation Panel for the Recovery of Public Property (SPIP), Okoi Obono-Obla. ICPC spokesperson, Mrs Rasheedat Okoduwa, disclosed this in a statement on Friday night. Obono-Obla, former Special Assistant on Prosecution to President Muhammadu Buhari, had been on the run after he was declared wanted. He was nabbed along Aso Drive opposite the Millennium Park Abuja on Friday afternoon. 7. The Lagos State Government has announced plan to conduct a clinical trial on the effectiveness of chloroquine to manage coronavirus. Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, made the disclosure in a statement on Friday. Abayomi stated that the drug had not been ascertained as an effective treatment for the disease. He added that Lagos was monitoring the global research space to clearly define the efficiency of Chloroquine. 8. The Central Bank may have devalued the naira to exchange at N380 to one dollar. The apex bank’s decision followed the failed interventions in the market, of imposing sanctions on errant operators and use of moral suasion to curb illegal forex operations. A circular to the operators in the sector from the CBN merged the rates at both the Bureau De Change rate and Import & Export window at N380. 9. The University of Abuja on Friday suspended indefinitely 24 students of the institution arrested during cult initiation in Gwako village along Gwagwalada Road in the Federal Capital Territory. They include seven final year students, who were arrested by the police on March 15 after the villagers raised the alarm of some cultists hiding in a bush. 10. The Senate Public Accounts Committee has commenced investigation into the $289m (N56bn) paid by the Central Bank of Nigeria to ex-Director General of the National Intelligence Agency, Ayodele Oke. The panel’s probe is from 2015 till date. Officials of the Apex bank, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation and NIA appeared before the panel on Thursday to defend their various roles in the transactions.