The Adamawa State Government on Friday commissioned a coronavirus isolation centre at the state capital, Yola, with a call on the people to keep clean hands as a vital preventing the virus. The state Commissioner for Health & Human Development, Prof Abdullahi Isa, who unveiled the Coronavirus Isolation Centre at the State Specialist Hospital, Yola, said clean hands are vital as most of the ways the virus is contacted involve the hands. He said, “There are many ways you can contact coronavirus, including shaking hands with an infected person, handling money from such person, holding a contaminated banister rail, and so on. “This is why we are telling our people to always wash and sanitise their hands and stay clean. This precaution is necessary because you can’t avoid contact with people. You can’t say you will not shake hands. So, the most important thing is hand hygiene. You should at least Wash your hands with soap and water always.” He said that, especially with the opening of the isolation centre, the state is ready to deal with any emergency involving coronavirus virus. He told the newsmen who gathered at the newly dedicated building for the isolation of suspected coronavirus patients: “We came here today to tell the public of our emergency preparedness. It became imperative for us to prepare an emergency place where if we have any case of coronavirus, we can handle it. “We have an isolated place here, duly prepared to manage such patients, and in the event, we have to refer any patient, we have standby ambulance dedicated for their transfer.” He disclosed that, to educate the people, including those in rural areas, committees had been established in each of the 21 local government areas of the state to interact with health officials and pass preventive message to the people. This, he said, is in addition to radio and television jingles giving appropriate messages on the Coronavirus. The Coronavirus Isolation Centre at the Specialist Hospital Yola, is a two-storey, 10-bed facility with staff kitted to give isolation services that may arise.