The All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), has sent a heart-warming message to all members of the party as well as Nigerians across all shores over the growing cases of Coronavirus pandemic rocking some states of the federation. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, the National Chairman of APGA, Ozonkpu Victor Ike Oye, called for togetherness of APGA faithful and Nigerian citizens in the fight against the virus, as he lamented that the impact of the COVID-19 disease has continued to grow day by day. The party appealed to critical stakeholders, including elected representatives in both the state and the National Assembly to support this initiative by making personal donations of sanitizers, masks and other needs on behalf of the party to their constituents to mitigate the impact of the perilous virus. The National Centre for Disease and Control, NCDC on Saturday announced more cases as number of patients with COVID-19 increases to 97. According to APGA, “We cannot afford not to live for one another at this time of national emergency. This is the time we need to show practical love to one another and carry one another’s burden in prayer. By belonging to the same political party we share a common ideology-bonded together by love and patriotism”. The party explained that it has taken more measures to protect its members against the impending cataclysm, which among whom is shutting down of APGA national and state offices. “Now that the impact of the pandemic has continued to grow we have thought it wise at this time to appeal to us to stick together as one family, help one another as much as we can, by sharing information, our God-given wealth (in cash and materials) and praying for one another. “What our people need most now is food items, medical equipment and disposables. What is happening in our nation, nay the world, today calls for continued vigilance and obedience to God’s word and dictates of civil authorities”. It continued, “We cannot continue to live as if nothing is happening. The truth is that the world is continually imperiled by the scourge inflicted upon it by the COVID-19 pandemic. “We have, as a people, learned some useful lessons from the current experience; one of which is to be prepared at all times for any eventuality. Even the world superpowers have been bamboozled by the frightening damage the virus has done on the global economy and peoples within a short time. They still fear for the worst”. APGA added, “As we pray for divine intervention in our present circumstances, we must not fail to extend the hand of fellowship and support to one another. This is the time to bury whatever differences that exist among us and work together to defeat this wicked and errant adversary”. The party commended the willingness of Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, for the proactive steps his government had taken to fight the scourge and protect the people of the State. APGA, however, urged the governor not to relent but collaborate with relevant agencies and governments to ensure that the adverse impact of the pandemic is generally and maximally mitigated.