In a bid to consolidate the efforts of the Federal Government and the 36 State Governments to effectively fix the power sector, President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the composition of a Power Sector Reform Coordination Working Group under the leadership of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN. A statement issued on Saturday by Malam Nasir El-Rufai, chairman of the committee, set up by the National Economic Council (NEC) on Power sector reforms and Distribution Company ownership (DISCOs), said that the new Working Group will incorporate the ongoing efforts of the NEC committee and ensure all power sector initiatives are on the same page under the leadership of His Excellency, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, SAN. According to the statement, membership of the group comprise Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-Rufai, representing the Nigeria Governors’ Forum and the National Economic Council, the Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari who leads the German Government/Siemens initiative to improve power supply, the Ministers of Power, Engr Saleh Mamman, and Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajiya Zainab Shamsuna Ahmed, and the Governor, Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr Godwin Emiefele. Special Adviser to the President on Infrastructure, Ahmad Zakari is the Working Group Secretary. It will be recalled that in November 2019, the NEC had constituted an ad-hoc committee to determine the nature and extent of State Governments’ ownership of Distribution Companies (DISCOs) and provide feedback on the challenges afflicting the power sector reforms. This new presidential working group will coordinate ad-hoc committee and other efforts on a national scale, and report progress fortnightly to Mr. President. The presidential working group, which will meet weekly, commenced work at the Presidential Villa on Tuesday, at a meeting at which the Vice President presided. The President will receive updates and briefings twice a month on the progress of the National Working Group. As outlined above, the key objective of the working group is to harmonise various efforts by the Federal Government and the 36 States, through the National Economic Council (NEC), on power sector reform and to oversee the design and implementation of a well-coordinated roadmap for the sector. “The national working group will support critical financing initiatives with the World Bank Group, DFID and other key development partners.
“The group will also ensure that ongoing Federal and State initiatives are in sync with the Presidential Power Initiative being implemented with the German government and Siemens, and infrastructure investments of the TCN and the Ministry of Power,” the statement further said.