Ahead of the the Anambra State governorship election in 2021, the State’s Elders’ Council has been warned to focus more on how best to offer the state qualitative and result-oriented leadership. They were told to stop presenting its members as praise-singers of Governor Willie Obiano and his appendages in the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). Speaking in a statement made available to journalists in Enugu Thursday, President of Anambra Ekunie, Dr. Ifeanyi Anachusi, said a recent meeting of the Council with Gov. Obiano in Awka, left much to be desired. Dr. Anachusi said a communiqué issued after the “so-called meeting” and signed by Prof. Solo Chukwudebelu, Secretary to the State Government, left much to the imagination wondering how much members of the council were induced with to make pronouncements that would further imprison Anambra state. According to the group, which membership, Dr. Anachusi said, is spread across political zones of the state, members of the Elders Council are not in a position to determine which zone produces the next governor of Anambra state. He said members of the group “will also mobilize against the so-called elders” if they insist on imposing any particular aspirant to succeed Obiano rather than allow people of the state, especially the youths, to work out a better future for the state. “We have read the communiqué from their so-called meeting and it is very clear to us that the meeting was called to endorse a particular aspirant from Anambra South as successor to Obiano who is a resounding failure. “We are not folding our arms. Anambra State also belongs to members of Anambra Ekunie, not just to the elders who have had a maddening run on the state since its creation. “We have been hearing their names since time immemorial. Therefore, they cannot continue to determine the fate of our people even when they are on the departure lounge. “We must rescue Anambra from the clutches of APGA and its failed policies. Is it not shameful that those so-called elders were invited to watch Obiano’s achievements on video? Anambra people cannot see the achievements. They are only on video. Those elder should come publicly to point to achievements on the ground. Obiano works in 3D video. We have had enough. “Those elders must be made to know that zoning gave Anambra an Obiano who has reversed every development he inherited from Peter Obi. It is amusing that Obiano is thinking of Anambra of 2070 when he has not been able to develop any part of the state, even his own Anambra north since 2014 when he assumed office”, Anachusi stated. Anachusi further stated that those listed as members of the council have long been known as praise-singers of Obiano and APGA warning that “Anambra belongs to all of us, and not just a select few called elders”.