In this interview, the MD/CEO of T Pumpy Concept Limited, developers of T Pumpy Estate spread across the nation’s capital, Abuja speaks on his passion for real estate development. He also averred that sincerity and transparency are the hallmark of the driving force of the company. My name is Adaralegbe Akintayo, I am the MD/CEO of T PUMPY Concept Limited. T Pumpy is into real estate development. We’ve seen your work in Guzape, Karsana and some other places in Abuja. What is your passion for real estate?  Well, I’m not doing it as a business. I tell people I’m living my life within the business. I don’t even know whether I’m doing a business. But I’m living my life within the business. It’s a job I have passion for – The job is me and I am the job. And I live within the job. “A job you have passion for…” You are becoming a big brand of real estate in Abuja. What is your secret? Because almost every household talks about T Pumpy Concept I think any business you are doing, not only real estate, if you put in sincerity and honesty and you don’t play with your integrity you will move forward and strive.  So your secret is sincerity, honesty and integrity. Now your promo is on in Abuja. This year you have the one called 2020 land sales promo. What is the 2020 land sales promo all about? You know, it’s like the last interview I granted. When we were coming into 2020 I thought we should welcome the people of Abuja, and Nigerians into 2020 with fantastic sales. And since its 2020, you pay 2020 to get to become a land owner. So 2020 is sales that have to do with the year.  Your firm has really employed so many Nigerians especially the youth. What do you have to say to Nigerians and businesses as far as you are concerned with land sales? Because people buy lands these days and end up in court due to fraudulent sales. What advice do you have for Nigerians? How do they avoid buying disputed or 419 lands? Like I was discussing with some people who came to my office earlier, I think it has to do with how best you know the job you are doing and how best you study what others are doing – why they fail – and then you take it up from there. You also have to study what you do more and have passion for it. You need to be transparent and not be greedy to say only you want to take it all. Little profits take you far.     