Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed has flagged-off the construction of 2,500 affordable housing units. Speaking at the ceremony held at Dungal Village of Bauchi Local Government, Governor Bala Mohammed said the project was designed to be completed within 12 months. He said that the houses are coming at a period when the state’s demographics have changed dramatically due to internal displacement caused by insurgency as many people within the region came to the state thereby creating a significant imbalance especially in respect of existing facilities. He assured that, quality assurance mechanism has been established with a corresponding compliance arrangement to drive the project to effective delivery as that will protect the goodwill of the government and people of the state as well as the federal government. ” I wish to reiterate that, in tandem with our desire to comply with the established building codes and the best practices in Basic Engineering Management and Evaluation. I will in addition to the statutory supervision of the Ministry of Housing, establish a task force in my office for monitoring and evaluation of the projects. ” As part of our effort in regaining the lost glory of our education sector as we address school enrollment, my government is going to rebuild the Government Secondary School Bauchi, an offshoot of the Bauchi Provincial School, in the new city with a view to sustaining the legacy of the school that produced significant quantum of the intellectual capital that Bauchi state is proud of today and beyond.” The governor further said in compliance with the government intention of providing opportunities for the people, local content and community engagement will be prioritised. He called on contractors of the housing project in all the emirates to patronize local suppliers to enrich the value chain that this project will create for the benefit of the host communities. ” Let me thank Mr President for his kind intervention that led to what we are witnessing today. We call on developers to partner with us to build shopping malls and other facilities in compliance with established procurement standards and global best practices. On her part, the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajiya Zainab Ahmed Shamshuna applauded Governor Bala Mohammed for recognizing housing as a major need for his people. Represented by the Ambassador Adamu Jumba, the Minister said the flagg off of the construction project was not just witnessing the ground breaking of the 2,500 houses, but also the beginning of milestones that will bring great development to the state.