Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The dethroned Emir of Kano, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, has finally dragged the Inspector-General of Police IGP, and the Director-General of the Department of State Services, DSS, to Court. He filed a suit before the Federal High Court in Abuja on Thursday through his lawyer, Lateef Fagbemi, SAN, praying an order for his release from banishment in a case marked FHC/ABJ/CS/357/2020 before the Federal High Court in Abuja. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has said the fight against the Integrated Payroll Personnel Information System, IPPIS, by members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU was a needless one. Buhari, who was represented by the Executive Secretary of the National Universities Commission, NUC, Prof Abubakar Rasheed was speaking at the 14th convocation ceremony of the Nnamdi Azikiwe University in Awka, Anambra State on Thursday, added that all universities must be committed to these cherished values if they are to serve as moral compasses for the society. 3. The bill before the Senate which prescribes a degree as a minimum qualification for persons aspiring to be the President of Nigeria is close to passage into law. The bill, sponsored by Senator Istifanus Gyang (Plateau North), has passed second reading at the Red Chamber. 4. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has suspended twelve of its chieftains in Bayelsa State. A former Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, former governorship aspirant in the last election, Senator Heineken Lokpobiri, are among the suspended party bigwigs. 5. President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro is being tested for the coronavirus. The president is presently being monitored for coronavirus which has spread to at least 34 people in the Latin American country, Reuters reported, citing the Brazilian newspaper O Estado de S. Paulo. 6. Arsenal head coach, Mikel Arteta, on Thursday, tested positive for coronavirus. Consequently, the club’s London Colney training centre has been closed after head coach Mikel Arteta received a positive COVID-19 Thursday evening. 7. The presidency has stated that President Muhammadu Buhari was not attacked while on his visit to Kebbi at the Argungu Fishing and Cultural Festival. Femi Adesina, his Special Adviser on Media, in a statement Thursday night, who gave a recount of what happened, said as Buhari went round the arena to inspect rice pyramids on display and take photographs with farmers, a young man was very excited to see his president so close but was prevented by security personnel. 8. President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), has said that the sudden crash in crude oil price by 45 per cent heightens the need for Nigeria to promote growth in other sectors of its economy. Buhari stated that the development, occasioned by the outbreak of coronavirus, would seriously affect the ability of the Federal Government to deliver planned infrastructure, especially with the impact on oil revenue. 9. Members of the Sout-East caucus in the National Assembly on Thursday met with the leadership of both chambers of the federal parliament to protest against the non-inclusion of their region among the beneficiaries of the $22.7bn foreign loan request by the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.). The caucus, led by the Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe, met separately with the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, behind closed doors. 10. The management of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation has retired about 40 group general managers at the oil firm. It was gathered on Thursday in Abuja that the affected GGMs and GMs were asked to leave the employ of the oil firm on Wednesday.