Kwara State Governor, AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq, on Wednesday, hailed the border closure policy of the Nigerian government, saying regional economic agreements should not be an excuse to dump goods or compromise the security of the country. AbdulRazaq said Kwara would continue to support the government policy, including offering necessary supports to the joint security architecture mandated to enforce what was necessary to check illegal trade, proliferation of small arms and light weapons, and cross border crimes in Nigeria. “Despite several international agreements Nigeria has entered into, our borders need to be properly secured so that the country does not becomes a dumping ground for all manners of foreign goods,” AbdulRazaq said in Ilorin, the state capital, when a delegation of the Joint Border Operations Drill, North Central Zone, visited him. The delegation was led by Comptroller of Customs and Team Leader of the Border Drill, Uba Garba Muhammad, at the Government House, Ilorin. AbdulRazaq also observed that Nigeria and sub national governments like Kwara must work hard to become more competitive in a world increasingly linked by technology and trade, calling for better investments in entrepreneurship. “The closure of borders is a wake up call to sub-nationals and to the country at large that there are challenges ahead because of the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) which Nigeria is part of for free movement of goods and people across borders,” he said. AbdulRazaq, however, called for win-win measures to assist border communities in Nigeria who are badly hit by the restrictions on petroleum products — a call that follows daily appeals by some residents of Kwara North, especially in Baruten local government, who travel hundreds of kilometres to access petroleum products. “We will do everything to support what you are doing. Let us always know the areas we can further come in to support you. We thank you for your service to Nigeria. We all sleep at night without actually knowing what you do to ensure adequate security of lives and property. “For us border issue bothers on security and economy. On the security front, the Nigerian Army, Air Force, Navy, Customs, Police, DSS and other security agencies play major roles in ensuring security of lives and property. We will continue to engage and support security agencies to fortify security in the state,” he said. Muhammad, on his part, commended the Governor for his “laudable steps” since he took over the reins in Kwara.