In Ilorin, the Kwara state capital, mixed reactions Tuesday trailed the deposition of former Emir of Kano, Sanusi Mohammed Sanusi as a cross section of residents either criticized the Kano government action or blamed the dethroned ruler for being too vocal to a fault on governance. Isa Aremu, a labour activist in a telephone chat with DAILY POST, said the deposed first class traditional rulers has said it all that “God gives and takes power from people, and since he did not get to the throne through court process, I think we should move on.” In his reaction, Barrister Tayo Ishola described the deposed emir now exiled to Nasarawa state”as the most progressive radical and articulate traditional ruler in Nigeria today. “His deposition is quite unfortunate and a minus not only to Kano Emirate but to Nigeria in general, we need a leader like him,” Ishola asserted. Also reacting, another legal practitioner, Barrister Afolabi Gambari of Bawallah chambers, countered that “dethronment by its implications is a devilish act perpetrated for vengeance, relating same with the recent happenings by the government, he said it was ”vengeance simpliciter.” However, arguing from a different point of view, a civil servant, Alhaji Ahmed Abdulazeez, said “an Emir or Oba is not supposed to play politics and should equally avoid uttering evil against constituted authority.” Abdulazeez said ” deposed Emir Sanusi is too proud to a fault, and ungrateful, he believes he is special and above the law of the land,such people don’t have the fear of God.” In his reaction, Professor Yomi Omotesho, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Ilorin, said “Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, SLS, has accepted his dethronment as the will of God, I think that pretty closes the case.” A security expert, Dr Abdulsalam Ajanaku, said ” while traditional rulers should not be neck deep involved in partisan politics for self respect, political leaders should stop bringing traditional institutions to the background as everybody will.account for their actions in the hereafter.” Imam Bature, Alhaji AbdulWahab Musa, described the development as unfortunate and asked the warring parties to remember and think deeply about the implications for the future, adding that in all circumstances, God is always the best judge.