Ten aides of Kano State Governor, Umar Ganduje, have been indicted by the Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB). They were reportedly probed for failing to declare some assets that have been traced to them. The news emerged three weeks after Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) arrested Commissioner for Special Duties, Mukhtar Ishaq, for alleged N86 million fraud. The officials have been linked to alleged huge sums of money in local and foreign currency accounts as well as physical assets, against CCB statutes. Elected and political appointees are required by law to list monies and assets belonging to them to the CCB within a stipulated timeframe after assumption of office. On Wednesday, PRNigeria reported that CCB documents seen show that Salihu Tanko Yakasai, Special Adviser on Media to Ganduje, is first on the list of non-compliance. Other accused members of the Kano State Cabinet Office are Uba Tanko Mijinyawa, Special Assistant on New Media; Mansur Ahmed, Special Assistant on Critical Infrastructure; Tanko Indi Sarki, Special Assistant on Intelligence; Ado Abba Tiwada, Director-General, Youth Office. Also on the list are Kabiru Baita, Special Assistant on Sports; Habibu Saleh, Special Assistant on Revenue; Saleh Shehu, Special Assistant on IGR; Zulyadawi Sidi Mustapha, Senior Special Assistant on SDGs and Haruna Zago, Special Assistant on Food Security. The CCB, it was gathered, is concluding investigations and would submit the names of defaulters to the Code of Conduct Tribunal (CCT) for trial. Meanwhile, the Kano Concerned for Prudent Leadership has petitioned the State Public Complaint and Anti-Corruption Commission (PCACC) to investigate Ganduje over allegations of bribery. The group based its demand on the viral 2018 video which showed Ganduje receiving stacks of dollars. The state government claimed the footage was doctored. The petition signed by Mukhtar Sani Mandawari, urged the PCACC to invoke its “powers under the relevant provisions” to carry out a thorough investigation into the matter. The group noted that Ganduje’s immunity was not as excuse since former Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose, was investigated by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) even while in office. 