The Governor of Imo state, Senator Hope Uzodinma has stressed the need to preserve both the aquatic and terrestrial habitats of the state, regretting that people’s activities have not added any value to it. Governor Uzodinma stated this while delivering an address at the 7th edition of World Wildlife Day celebration held today in Owerri, the Imo state capital. He said that the actions and inactions of the people with respect to conservation of natural biogenetic pools may have a direct impact on future generations. “Habitat degradation manifests in many forms. Amongst them are relentless mining, both lawful and unlawful, uncontrolled logging, development of industrial plantations, highway and urban development drives, unbridled fuelwood exploration and a host of other human activities.” He recalled that forefathers used natural herbs from ecosystem to cure various diseases, insisting that such practice should be reinvigorated. Meanwhile, he has called for a globally renewed drive to strengthen local and international legislations to protect wildlife and biodiversity, especially the endangered species. He thanked the state ministry of Environment headed by the Permanent Secretary for putting up a stellar performance in the 2020 edition of the celebration. Speaking at the event, the General Manager of Imo state zoo and wildlife park and National President of the National Association of Zoological Gardens NAZG, Mr. Francis Obioye, he said that the idea was to create awareness and sensitize the people on the need to preserve the wildlife and endangered species. He thanked the Governor for coming and partnering with them in recording success. The Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Mrs Sabina Onwuchi also spoke on the importance of preserving both plants and animals for their economic values. DAILYPOST reports that the two-day program had the theme, “sustaining all life on earth” and was well attended by Imo people including the Governor, Senator Hope Uzodinma and deputy Governor, Prof. Placid Njoku.