Sequel to reports making the rounds that Governor Simon Lalong has gone into self-isolation because of allegations that not too long ago he has been in contact with some high profile citizens of the country who are said to be positive to coronavirus, the Governor has denied being in self isolation, saying he is “hale and hearty”. The State Government has also taken further stringent measures to ensure safety of the citizenry, by saying tricycles, taxis and bus commercial operators in the state will now carry one, four and six passengers at a time respectively. It further stated that as from 29th March, 2020, vehicular movement from all border entry routes to the state that is 6pm to 7am. This was disclosed by the Governor who is the chairman of the State COVID-19 Taskforce, while briefing journalists in Jos on Saturday. Lalong, who spoke through the Secretary to the Government of the State, Prof. Danladi Atu, said, “The Governor had a few days ago went round to ascertain the preparedness of the isolation centres in the state, so he is hale and hearty. “So there is no need for such insinuations, because he is fine, and as chairman of this committee he is working round the clock to ensure all that is needed to be done to equipped the state is put in place concerning the coronavirus pandemic ravaging the world.” He, however, said the further measures taken are; “Tricycles will no longer take more than one passenger. “Saloon cars will only take four passengers including the driver; and buses will only take six passengers. The Governor further stated that the state government has setup a COVID-19 Eradication Fund, which the organised private sector and well spirited individuals can contribute into. “The essence is to take care of the vulnerable and some social challenges arising from the situation”. Meantime, the Governor said, “Effective Sunday 29th March, 2020, there will be prohibition of vehicular movement in Plateau State from all border entry routes from 6pm to 7am. “All people coming into Plateau State should take note of this and prepare their trips to avoid unnecessary inconveniences”, he stressed. Lalong appealed to the citizenry to corporate with government as its making efforts to protect the lives of the people.