A member of the House of Representatives, representing Dambao/Gwoza/Chibok federal constituency of Borno State has revealed that Boko Haram group are kidnapping Doctors, ex-military, and bright students, not for ransom but forcing them to work for the insurgents. The lawmaker on Wednesday during the debate on a bill to prohibit discrimination against victims of insurgents and militants revealed that four doctors are currently with Boko Haram who are perhaps compelled to work for the group. He revealed that Boko Haram have started kidnapping ex-military men who can operate guns and young sharia scholars for interpretation work. “I have four medical doctors that were kidnapped by Boko Haram, and they are in the bush, they have not killed them. Maybe, they are compelled to work for these Boko Haram guys. “I have a child who read sharia law, they kidnapped him, they refused to kill him, and he is still working for them, making interpretation. If tomorrow he regains his freedom, are you telling him to not be a part of the society again? Another thing is that you have experts, who are ex-military men, they know how to operate gun, and they were kidnapped by Boko Haram.” He stated that the victims who are forced to work for Boko Haram or militants in the Niger Delta should not be subjected to discrimination. Jaha said: “If we reject this bill, we are saying that people like that should not be integrated back into the society, and they should be discriminated and stigmatized against.” Meanwhile, the bill passed through seconding reading amid opposition from several members of the House that Section 42 of the 1999 constitution already prohibited discrimination against anyone. The bill sponsored by Rolland Igbakpa seeks to make provision for the prohibition of stigmatization of persons who are victims of insurgency or militancy from re-integration with the community and to provide for the prosecution and punishment of any person or group of persons who stigmatize such victims. The bill was referred to the House committee on Internally Displaced Persons for further legislative process.