An Igbo group, Igbo National Council (INC), has rejected the proposed Community Policing adopted by the governor’s of South east region in curbing the menace of Herdsmen, banditry and kidnappers in the society. The group claimed that the proposed Community Policing was another tactics to officially aid the framework for intelligence gathering and invasion of Igbo communities by the jihadist. This was contained in a communique jointly signed by the INC President General, Chilos Godsent, Comrade Eze Adiuku, Chairman, Communique Drafting Committee and the Secretary,Mrs. Regina Obasi, and made available to DAILY POST in Umuahia on Monday, after its enlarged meeting held on Sunday, in Owerri, the Imo State capital. The Igbo National Council (INC) also condemned in its totality what it termed the naked cowardice exhibited by the Governors of the South-East geopolitical zone on the failures to establish and officially inaugurate the highly demanded South-East Regional security outfit like their contemporaries in the North-West and South-West geopolitical zones. The group said based on the foregoing, the Igbo organization requested the Governors of the South-East, South-South and North-Central geopolitical zones respectively as a matter of urgent necessity to establish and officially inaugurate their regional security outfits like the South-West (Amotekun) and North-West (Sege Ege Ka Fasa) within ninety days from 29th February 2020 as a sign of patriotism and commitment to the security and welfare of their citizens. Recall that the Chairman of the South-East Governors Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi, last Wednesday, said governors and stakeholders of the zone had concluded arrangements to kick- start a regional security outfit in the south-east zone. Umahi made this known while addressing the General Officer commanding 82 Army Division Enugu, GOC, Lasisi Adegboye, during a familiarization visit at the government house, Abakaliki, Ebonyi State. However, parts of the Communique read, “The National Working Committee (NWC) which was attended by delegates from the twenty states chapters of the Igbo National Council (INC) nationwide critically deliberated on burning issues of national interest and other matters affecting the INC and the Igbo Nation, therefore resolved as follows: “We note that failure for the Governors of the aforementioned geopolitical zones to adhere to this call, the Self-Determination groups in those geopolitical zones may be compelled to take their destiny into their own hands in other to protect their citizens from the rampaging Fulani Jihadist. “The meeting supports in its totality the call by the National Assembly (NASS) of the Federal Republic of the Nigeria urging President Mohammadu Buhari to sack all the Service Chiefs with immediate effect. The reality on ground has clearly showed that the present crops of service chiefs can no longer protect the lives and properties of Nigerians who are daily slaughtered like cows and chickens by Boko Haram, Fulani Herdsmen and Fulani Jihadists. “On the foregoing, INC urge the Government of Anambra State to rise up to the responsibility of protecting the lives and property of the people of Anambra State. “The NWC meeting urged the Federal Government to be very sensitive of the untold hardship the people of Southern Nigeria are passing through because of the border closure. On the above, INC therefore request the Federal Government to reopen the southern border or otherwise close the porous Northern borders where too many smuggling activities has been taking place since the politically motivated closure of the Southern borders. “Finally, the Igbo National Council (INC) wish to advice the leadership of Miyetti Allah in Nigeria to urge hers members who now camp in many forests in South-East and South-South geopolitical zone to immediately vacate those forests or regret their deviancy”.