A Divisional Police Officer (DPO) in Obudu Local Government Area of Cross River State, Mr Gabriel Amawu has been shot dead in Obudu Local Government Area of the State. The victim, DAILY POST gathered was shot dead on Tuesday night when some youths and students from the Federal College of Education suspected to be cultists were arrested and taken to the station. Sources hinted that other students and youths mobilized in large number, besieged the station and the Police in an effort to dispersed the crowd shot into the air but nobody could ascertain which of the bullets killed the DPO as it was also alleged that the students and youths equally shot. Mr Amawu, a Deputy Superintendent of Police who is also from Obudu which is also the Local Government of the Governor of Cross River State, Benedict Ayade, met his death at the Police Station. A witness who declined giving his name alleged that when the large crowd invaded the station, there was a rowdy session which led to a Police officer discharging his weapon in the air but said, “It is still unclear how Mr. Amawu whom initially, report said was shot in the head, was killed.” When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) Deputy Superintendent of Police in Calabar, Irene Ugbo said she was aware of the incident, noting that in-depth investigation was being carried out. “I am aware of the shooting of a Divisional Police Officer in Obudu Local Government Area of Cross River State on Tuesday night. A suspected cultist was arrested, and he was taken to the station and the students of that area went to the station, and started protesting with a view to rescuing their people. In the process, the Police tried to discharge the crowd. “We don’t really know what happened or transpired, who released the bullet; was it from the students or the Police? We are investigating to ascertain the bullet that killed him. This morning, we have deployed some men to the area because we are having some threats from the community. “Very soon, we will know what actually happened but there are some many angles to it. We have some of the students in our custody already. The youths and students should remain in camp pending detailed investigations which has commenced,” she stated.