The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi 111 on Tuesday urged Governors Seyi Makinde of Oyo state and Gboyega Oyetola of Osun State to cede the Ladoke Akintola University of Technology (LAUTECH) Ogbomoso to one state and end the joint ownership agreement of the university. Alaafin who gave this advice while receiving members of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Oyo state Council led by its Chairman, Alhaji Ademola Babalola in his palace, maintained that there is no way two states can manage a university successfully in Nigeria. DAILY POST gathered that the university, which is currently owned by both Oyo and Osun states was established in the early 90s and has been in ownership crises in the last few years.  But, Alaafin while speaking on the array of issues including the LAUTECH crisis, ongoing ASUU warning strike among others, insists that the best way to solve the crisis at LAUTECH Is to end the joint ownership agreement of the university by the two states. Oba Adeyemi added that the joint ownership agreement between the two states of Oyo and Osun is the source of crises in the institution. He said that differences in political parties, ideologies and policies will not allow the two state governors agree on some issues that affect the university. He urged the two governors, Makinde and Oyetola to cede the university to one state and end the joint ownership agreement. The monarch said, “Have you heard of a situation where two men married one single woman as a wife at the same time? There is no way two states will run one university in Nigeria.  “There are some time where they will come from different political parties. No, two states cannot manage one university successfully. Even when they are from the same political party, they will have different policies. “The education policies introduced by Aregbesola have been cancelled by Oyetola. So, there is no way two states can manage the university successfully”. The monarch who added that journalism is a tasking profession which has its hazard, urged journalists in the country to always be careful in their professional duties. “Today is a day of value and what you are. This is a risky job. Many people who are in government want to associate with you, but it is risky. It is with peace and joy that I welcome you to this palace, palace of palaces. You have to be very careful. “ Babalola earlier in his address commended the monarch over his good leadership role in the country. “Kabiyesi, we are very glad to be in your palace. Kabiyesi, we appreciate you, we pray that you will continue to play your fatherly role in Yoruba land and Nigeria as a whole. “We are glad that the Kabiyesi is playing a leadership role among the traditional rulers in the country”.