The National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has been told to resign without further delay as he is not an experienced politician. Making the call in a chat with DAILY POST on Monday, Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, said Oshiomhole dug his own grave by being too aggressive. The senior lawyer also said that Bola Tinubu, the National Leader of the party cannot save the former Edo State Governor . Recall that Oshiomhole was suspended by a Federal High Court in Abuja as the APC National Chairman last week. Justices Danlami Senchi had ruled that the APC National Chairman should step down pending the determination of a suit seeking his removal from office. The judge had ruled on an application of an interlocutory injunction following his suspension as a member of the APC from Etsako ward 10 in Edo State. The former Labour leader, however, approached the Federal High Court, Kano to quash the order and this has escalated the crisis in the party. Sharing his opinion on the crisis that has turned the ruling party apart, the Lagos-based legal practitioner said, “This is really funny as one would have expected him [Oshiomhole] to know that it’s only the Court of Appeal that can do that. “Oshiomhole dug his own grave by being too aggressive. He is not an experienced politician per se. “He should have known that politics and activism are two different things. He is more of an activist than a politician. “He should bow out in honour or be humiliated. The APC as a party has already concluded to show him the way out.I seriously doubt if Buhari can save him. “I don’t also believe that Tinubu, the National Leader of the party can save him. He is indeed the architect of his misfortune. Party Politics don’t go well with party activism. “Buhari is not really in the firm grip of APC. It’s most likely that before the end of 2021, APC will split. It’s obvious that the choice of who takes over from Buhari may very likely lead to the disintegration of APC.”