The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Kaduna Zonal Office has secured the conviction of one Abdulkadir Mohammed Salihu, a former Sales Assistant of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Kaduna Depot. He was arraigned, Wednesday, on three count charge bordering on fraud to the tune of N6 billion, before Justice Z. B Abubakar of the Federal High Court in Kaduna State. Salihu, who was in charge of loading manifest at the Kaduna Depot of the NNPC, was arrested on 29th October, 2019. He pleaded guilty to the three count charges. EFCC prosecution lawyer, Deborah Ademu-Eteh then asked the court to sentence him accordingly. Following several petitions, the EFCC discovered that he conspired with other marketers to lift petroleum products without payment at NNPC deport, Kaduna State worth over N6 billion. He was found to be part of the cartel behind multiple loading of petroleum products and he committed the fraud between 2009 to 2017 at Kaduna Deport without corresponding payments. Justice Abubakar sentenced the suspect to a term of three years imprisonment with an option N1million fine. He ruled that the convict will forfeit: One unit of three bedroom apartment and one unit of two bedroom boy’s quarter situated at 2 Kpak close, off College Road, Kurmin Mashin, Kaduna; One-storey building containing four bedrooms and one bedroom self-contain with its appurtenances situated at 4 Kpak close, off College Road, Kurmin Mashin, Kaduna. Others are One unit of three bedroom apartment with two parlours and one self-contain bedroom situated at 6 Kpak close, off College Road, Kurmin Mashin, Kaduna; a water factory known as Ummus Water and Drinks Ltd, situated at Birnin Yero, Igabi Local Government in Kaduna; One Fuel Station with four pumps with the name: Aminu and Salihu Ltd, situated at Sabon Gayan, Panturawa, along Saminaka, Jos Road, Kaduna. He will also lose One Odyssey Space Bus; One Toyota Tacoma Pick-up; One Toyota RAV 4 Jeep; One Lexus 350 Jeep; One Mitsubishi Petroleum Tanker. The Judge also ordered the defendant to forfeit his Gratuity and 30 percent of his monthly pension to the Federal Republic of Nigeria.