Former presidential aspirant and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has faulted President Muhammadu Buhari with the way his adminstration is handling the scourge of cononavirus in the country. At the moment, 65 persons have been tested positive for the deadly disease while the results of many others are being awaited. Since the outbreak of the disease in Nigeria, President Buhari was rarely seen in the media to update Nigerians on his efforts to contain the killer disease. This, however, did not go down well with Adamu Garba II, who hitherto was an ardent supporter of president Buhari. The APC chieftain in a series of tweets on Friday, said at this kind of time, the president should be on the forefront of the citizens, reassuring them of efforts on safety but the reverse is the case. He, therefore, asked the President to come forward and address Nigerians properly about these issues. Garba wrote: “Despite my well known support for the President Muhammadu Buhari, I cannot go with the fact that I’m grossly disappointed in the way he is handling this Covid-19 Crisis. “President’s, at this kind of time should be on the forefront of the citizens, reassuring them of efforts on safety. “The President’s main constituency is the poor, in his tweets, N10Bn was allotted to Lagos, 5Bn to Nigeria Center Disease Control, but nothing was made available for common men & women who have no means of livelihood against the backdrop of stay-at-home order. “Why would ordinary Nigerians be last option? “What is more challenging is the complete silence from the President himself, who should take the center stage & show his commitment, physically, emotionally & mentally in solidarity with the citizens at this trying times. “All we hear is rumor everywhere, where is the President? “A democratic nation should not run like this. A situation where our President is not in front of Cameras attending to the citizens cannot be what we hope for in democracy. “I trust in the President sincere intention for Nigeria, but there must be demonstration in times like this. “The Conscientiousness of a country lies on the Presidential seat. The Moral Compass of anyone holding such high office should direct citizens by empathy & compassion “Presidents are like the Sun through which all citizens derives energy, like solar system. Silence is undeserving. “Who is responsible for poor & vulnerable citizens? Who should be there for them? “Where is the N1.1trn and N50bn intervention fund released by the CBN? to whom? Can ordinary Nigerian access this fund? How? “The President need to come forward & address us properly about these issues.”