Former Governor of Osun State, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola and ex-Deputy Governor of Oyo State, Ambassador Taofeek Arapaja, on Wednesday, officially rejoined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Oyinlola and Arapaja together with other political bigwigs rejoined PDP at a rally held in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital. The event christened PDP Southwest Zonal Unification Rally was held in Mapo in Ibadan. Oyinlola, who addressed thousands of PDP supporters, said that as far as politics is concern in Nigeria right now, people currently at the helms of affairs in the country are not getting it right.  He added that “The only thing they used to deceive us was restructuring, but when its now time to restructure, they said they don’t know anything like restructuring again. “The current administration were very selfish and corrupt, most of the appointment they made came from the North, when former Minister for Finance, Kemi Adeosun was removed, a Northerner succeeded her, Ayo Oke was replaced by Northerner, also, Peter Dakuku was also replaced by a Northerner.” Oyinlola reiterated that it is time to restructure politics in southwest for the people of the region to continue to enjoy the dividends of democracy. “When I told my people that we are going to Ibadan to decamped to PDP, some people asked me why and I told them that Ibadan is the capital city of democracy in South West.” He, however, called on the party faithful to remain steadfast, saying that the unity of party members must be a priority in order to win more state in the next election. He, therefore, thank the party for the love they has shown on him and other decampee, saying that he is optimistic that the party will regained its lost glory. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State in his address noted that the coming back of the former members of the party and others is the beginning of unity in southwest PDP, calling on the party faithful to show love and unity to the decampees because everybody is going to gain from the party. Makinde said, “The leader of the ruling party has said it himself that there was corona virus in their party, but there is no corona virus in our party, those we are welcoming back to our party includes members from African Democratic Congress (ADC), Zenith Labour Party (ZLP), Social Democratic Party (SDP), African Democratic Party (ADP).” Dignitaries at the event included the governor of Bayesal State, Duoye Diri, ex governor of Ekiti State, Ayo Fayose, PDP Deputy National Chairman (South) Elder Yemi Alkiwonmi, PDP National vice chairman (Southwest), Dr. Eddy Olafeso, Chief Bode Jorge, Hon Ladipupo Adebutu, Chief Mrs Olushola Obada, Alhaja Mutiat Ladoja, Chief Mrs Abosede Adedibu, all the PDP state chairmen.