There is palpable tension in Imasayi, Yewa North Local Government area of Ogun State, as an officer of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) was allegedly killed during a melee involving suspected smugglers. DAILY POST learnt that the incident occurred on Saturday night when officers of the NCS engaged the said smugglers while conveying some illegal goods. The suspected smugglers were said to have resisted arrest; a situation that led to violence. Properties worth millions of Naira had been destroyed in the riot, which resulted in the death of the yet-to-be identified Customs officer as many others sustained various degrees of injuries. On Sunday, anti riot policemen were mobilised to take over Imasayi to restore normalcy, DAILY POST learnt. An indigene of the community told DAILY POST that residents of Imasayi fled the community for fear of being arrested by the police. The Public Relations Officer of the Ogun 1 Command of the NCS, Abdullahi Maiwada, has confirmed the incident. Maiwada told reporters that the NCS operatives were on routine anti-smuggling operations when they had an encounter with the suspected smugglers; adding that the officer was brutally murdered. Meanwhile, the Senator representing Ogun West Senatorial District, Sen. Tolu Odebiyi, has expressed concern over the incident, describing it as a case of carnage, reprisal and altercation between the NCS and youths of Imasayi. The Senator said: “I have responded to the chaos in Imasayi by speaking to the Governor, His Excellency, Prince Dapo Abiodun MFR, who was firmly briefed and gave assurances that the situation is under control, as he has gotten commitments from the military and Nigeria Customs Officers on ground”. “I also spoke to the Assistant Comptroller of Customs, Mr. Amajam and the Director of the Department of State Services (DSS) who were equally helpful in talking to the Strike Team. “The issue in Imasayi is totally unacceptable and unwarranted as there was no justification for the killing of a uniformed Officer. “I commiserated with the Strike Force and assured them of the support of the good and law abiding people of Imasayi in fishing out the bad eggs in their midst so as not to give the peaceful town a bad name.” Odebiyi appealed to the Nigeria Customs Service to de-escalate tension by engaging the communities in a manner that will engender a friendly approach to achieve positive results.; adding that incessant altercations can only lead to needless fear and apprehensions.