In strict compliance to the order of the Cross River State Government, workers in the state civil service abandoned their offices and stayed at home. Governor Ben Ayade of Cross River State on Monday night issued a statement ordering government workers to stay at home in obedience to Federal Government directive. DAILY POST who monitored the compliance observed that workers were not found at their offices. At old and new secretariats, governor office, Cross River State Electoral Commission and other government establishment, no worker was found. Consequently, commercial, social and political activities were equally grounded as commercial vehicles and tricycles operators recorded poor businesses. Some drinking parlours and provision stores also witnessed poor patronage as people remained in their various homes. It was observed that most of the streets and roads which used to be very busy during working days were empty. In a chat with our reporter, some of the traders lamented the poor patronage and businesses, blaming it on coronavirus but prayed the government to put measures on ground to curb the excesses of the virus. “My name is Michael. The situation as today is very unexpected. We, petty traders suffer much as we live our lives from buying and selling and if the situation continues, we will find it very difficult to survive. “I know, it’s a sacrifice but none of us prayed for this. My sincerely prayer now is that the number of those confirmed positive should not exceed manageable size and government should curtail it,” he pleaded. A Clergy who declined giving his name said that before the virus came, the Churches were experiencing hard times as they did not get good returns inform of tithes and offering, “with the restriction of the number of worshippers, the worse has come. “We, the Clergy hardly get something for ourselves and family members as well as others we take care of. It is difficult, but we are praying fervently that the situation should not escalate,” he said. Interestingly, in the various schools visited, some students were seen leaving their classes in compliance with the directives of the state government. At the time of filling this report, the state took the shape of a ghost town with people remaining in their houses and workers however, pleaded with the state governor, Prof Ben Ayade to pay salary early to enable them buy foodstuff.