Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Friday, sacked his Special Assistant on Digital Media, Mr. Muritala Olajide Adigun with immediate effect. DAILY POST gathered that the sack of Mr. Adigun may not be unconnected with some misleading information the erstwhile aide has been dishing out to the public since he was appointed. Our correspondent observed that Adigun is the first person Makinde would sack since his inauguration in May last year. The sack of Adigun was conveyed in the termination of the appointment letter issued by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Mrs Olubamiwo Adeosun, with a reference number: SP/S.662/2/Vol1/115. The letter reads, “I wish to convey the approval of His Excellency, Governor Seyi Makinde, on the termination of your appointment as Special Assistant (Digital Media), with immediate effect”. DAILY POST gathered Adigun has been posting some unverified information about the state government on his social media accounts. Our correspondent gathered that the last straw that broke the camel’s back was a recent information posted by the embattled aide, which proved to be fake. It was gathered that Adigun carelessly posted unverified information on his Facebook page, which turned out to be false information. This led to a series of attacks on the government. Adigun was said to have taken a picture of one of the projects executed by the Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu and posted it on his Facebook page, crediting the projects to Governor Makinde. Adigun claimed that the state governor in his readiness to combat the escalation of Coronavirus has purchased disinfecting machines to be used across the state. This development was said to have infuriated the governor, who immediately called for his dismissal. Adigun in a reaction has, however, blamed members of the opposition party, APC in the state over his ordeal. He said, “APC agent of darkness that hacked my Facebook account to disseminate this false information about the Oyo State Government yesterday won’t escape the hand of the law. “You called for it and you’ve gotten it… Thanks to everybody that contributed to my downfall.”