If you are looking for a reliable Clearing company that can clear your cars, container and your airport goods safe without making away with your money or ask you to commit your money and come back to ask for more, then what you need to do is to give all your importation responsibility to Dealer Global International Limited. Good news has come to the importers as the Dealer Global will clear your car with a 20% Down payment and your container with 50% down payment while you pay us when your car or container has been cleared from the Nigeria Port, but we must agree on the final quote before we proceed. We are capable of clearing your goods from the port on time and safe as not to incur any demurrage or storage. If you are clearing from the international, Local or sea port, we will help you as our staff fast, accurate and reliable. Many people ask us what is the meaning of Freight Forwarder? A Freight forwarder is the person acting like an intermediary between the importer of any goods and the Nigeria custom services in making sure the importer gets a low value. They also help the cargo owners in the efficient movement of goods to the buyers by completing some procedural and documentary formalities. Providing transport and handling cost information. You might have probably figured out that DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED is a clearing company. Apart from the fact that you know that they have something to do with clearing and forwarding cargo at ports of entry. What else is there to it? What is the role of Dealer Global as a clearing company? Where can I find them in Apapa Lagos, Nigeria? This blog will make an attempt at explaining further the role of Dealer Global in Nigeria. Simply put, Dealer Global is the logistics services providers that assist you in the handling and management of your cargo. They are part of the National supply chain, helping in delivering goods from source to destination.  Dealer Global also have contracts with a carrier or several carriers to move the goods from the manufacturer or the supplier. The carriers could be shipping lines and airlines. If you are importing goods from China, USA or anywhere in the world for example, Dealer Global will assist you in processing all the necessary documentation. Just like in most other parts of the world, clearing of cargo at ports of entry is highly regulated by legislation and excessive paperwork. Some of this paperwork is often complicated, and one wrong move can result in you being smacked with heavy penalties for defaulting legal requirements. Some of the typical documents that need to be processed and submitted to the Custom authority are the goods purchase invoice, import declaration and the bill of lading. In this regard, Dealer Global is the third-party link between you and the customs authorities. Once all your shipment is legally declared, necessary taxes paid and all paperwork done away with, the freight can then be delivered to you as the consignee in the manner you prefer. In Nigeria, Dealer Global will assist with tariff classifications, audits and detailed costing of shipments. The Nigeria Revenue Authorities guidelines stipulate that a clearing and forwarding agent must be a registered firm and a member of the National Association of Nigeria Custom licensed Agent. This is in a bid to ensure that there is some regulation in the industry. Having known all this, if you are searching for the best clearing and forwarding agent in Lagos, your search ends here. Dealer Global services are timely and cost effective. We are stationed in all major ports of entry and airports in Lagos Nigeria. Our services extend to the full range of clearing and forwarding of freight from designated international markets. We have a strong support system with our business partners anchored on our long-standing business relationship with the Nigeria Custom Authority department. Make a call today to our office and visit our office in person let us walk you through. OFFICE ADDRESS: 19, Itapeju Street beside access bank, Apapa Phone number: 08092320669 Whatsapp :08092320669