The Oyo State Police Command, on Thursday, said it has arrested a self-acclaimed soldier, Sodiq Abiodun and a fake police corporal, Oluwaseun Ogunjebe. The command also revealed that it arrested two cattle rustlers, Muhammadu Usman and Alhaji Majo. The suspects were among the 45 suspects paraded by the Commissioner of Police in the state, Shina Olukolu at the Police headquarters Eleyele, Ibadan. Olukolu while speaking, maintained that the fake soldier, Abiodun, was arrested for impersonation and rape of a 17-year-old. The fake police Corporal, according to him, claimed to be servicing at the Force Headquarters Annex Lagos was arrested for failing to stop for police personnel routine stop and search patrol along Ibadan/Ife Road Toll Gate, Ibadan. Olukolu while parading the suspects, added that the crimes committed by the suspects ranges from cultism, armed robbery, murder, rape, kidnapping, impersonation, receipt of stolen goods, and threat to life among others. He said, “I wish to state that we have re-doubled our efforts and reviewed the security architecture as shown in the renewed activity of the Police Tactical teams – Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), Anti-Kidnapping Squad (AKS), STS, Federal Highway Patrol, SAFER Highway, Skynet Squad, Puff Adder team, and so on.” Olukolu said that the fake military officer, Abiodun, 29, in company of a syndicate member, Lekan Adesokan, 31, had a carnal knowledge of a 17-year-old girl, Alimot, at his hideout at Papa Eleye in Olomi area of Ibadan. He was said to have accosted the victim on February 19, this year, at about 8:30a.m, while wearing a full Nigerian Army camouflage uniform at a desolate spot at Modina, Orita Aperin, Ibadan. “The hoodlum attacked the said Alimot Ismail, dispossessed her of her cell phone and abducted her to his hide-out at Papa Eleye, Olomi area, Ibadan, where his syndicate member was waiting for him. The victim was held hostage and later raped serially until the next day. “As soon as the incident was reported at SARS office, a team of SARS operatives swung into action and the two hoodlums, who later identified themselves as Sodiq Abiodun and Lekan Adesokan, 31, were arrested in connection with the crime. A complete set of Nigerian Army camouflage uniform, which he normally wore to carry-out his criminal activities was recovered from him,” he said. Olukolu added that twenty-six cows were recovered from the suspected two cattle rustlers, Usman and Majo. “The Swift Response Squad (SRS) along Ibadan/Ife Road Toll Gate intercepted one Oluwaseun Ogunjebe aged 48, of No. 1A Olanrewaju Street Agege Dopemu, Lagos, who claimed to be a Police Corporal serving at Force Headquarters Annex Lagos with one Blue Nissan Primera Car with registration number SMK 981 EQ and found with a fake Police I.D. card. “The suspects upon sighting the SRS failed to stop for Personnel Routine Stop and Search, but later got arrested. He was arrested with fake police Corporal I.D. card, with a Blue Nissan Primera Car with registration number SMK 981 EQ,” he added. Olukolu said that since the suspects have confessed to the crime, they will soon be charged to court for proper trial. 