The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has warned Adams Oshiomhole to stop parading himself as National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC. HURIWA, a prominent civil rights advocacy group warned Oshiomhole to stop his “open rebellion” against Nigeria’s constitution and court of law by adhering to his suspension. Recall that a Federal Capital Territory, FCT, High Court had ordered Oshiomhole to stop parading himself as the National Chairman of the ruling party. The Justice Danlami Senchi-led court had ordered Oshiomhole to stop parading himself pending the determination of the suit seeking his removal as APC National Chairman. But, a Federal High Court in Kano State had vacated the order by Justice Senchi and consequently ruled that Oshiomhole should resume office immediately. However, the National Coordinator of HURIWA, Emmanuel Onwubiko said it was sad and unfortunate that the APC at all levels, “carried out actions or made confrontational statements that have belittled the functions and constitutional powers of the judiciary.” A statement by Onwubiko said: “HURIWA has warned the suspended national chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) Mr. Adams Oshiomhole to stop his open rebellion against constituted and competent court of law and proceed on suspension pending the determination of the matter before Justice Danlami Senchi of Abuja High Court or his appeal against the restraining order against him made by the Abuja High court. “It was an abomination for a man in the position of Adams Oshiomhole to even remotely be involved in actions that may be interpreted as forum shopping with the sinister motive to undermine the constitutional powers of the Courts of law. “We expect the much respected erstwhile unionist and a two terms state governor Adams Oshiomhole to dissociate himself completely from the counter order from the Federal High Court in Kano which illegally aimed at overturning an earlier decision of court of same coordinate jurisdiction made by Honourable Justice Danlami Senchi of the Abuja High Court. “As one of those who has benefitted from the good fruits of judicial adjudication, we expect the suspended national chairman of APC not to be in the bandwagon of lawless politicians who do not mean well for our constitutional democracy by roaming about the courts to obtain injunctions which they think can override orders made by court of coordinate jurisdiction.”