Governor of Osun State, Adegboyega Oyetola, on Friday signed into law, the bill for the establishment of State Security Network Agency and Amotekun Corps. DAILY POST reports that the state parliament had on March 3 passed the bill into law after convening a public hearing session, and subsequently transmitted same to the governor on Thursday evening. The Chief Press Secretary to the Osun State governor, Ismail Omipidan, in a statement he signed and made available to newsmen in Osogbo, the Osun State capital quoted Oyetola of saying that the signing of the Bill into law signifies declaration of war against criminal elements in the state. The statement reads:” The Governor who noted that the Law shall complement the Constitution and other laws setting up the various security agencies in guaranteeing the safety and security of the people and their property, expressed confidence that the law would further enhance the profile of Osun as the most peaceful state and preferred investment destination in the country. “Oyetola clarified that before the idea of Amotekun for the South West was birthed in July, 2019, Osun had already concluded plans to unveil its own Security Taskforce owing to the government’s desire to make the State commercial hub of the South West. He, however, said due to Osun’s commitment to the regional integration objective of the South-West, the State wasted no time in keying into the Amotetekun idea for regional security”. It further quoted the governor to have said,”Permit me to place on record that owing to our desire to make Osun the commercial hub of the region, we had as a government concluded plans to unveil our own Security Taskforce before the idea of Amotekun for the region was birthed in July last year. To show our commitment to the regional integration objective of the South-West, we wasted no time in keying into the Amotetekun idea for regional security,” the governor explained. Oyetola , according to the statement added that the Bill was a product of the collective will of the people of Osun acting both by themselves and through their elected representatives. “This is a testament to the high premium we place on the security and welfare of the people as an Administration pursuant to the provisions of Section 14 (2) of the 1999 Constitution”. “We hereby enjoin citizens and residents of the State to adhere to the Spirit and Letter of the Law and respect the Amotekun personnel as they labour earnestly to protect us and the State. “The economic and investment transformation that we promised the people of Osun can only be realised in a secured atmosphere,” the governor added.