Following the continuous spread of coronavirus also known as COVID-19 across the country, the Ondo State Government has ordered that markets within the state should be immediately shut down. The directive was given on Tuesday in a statement issued by the state’s Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo. According to the statement, the move was made as part of measures to to contain the spread of the deadly virus in the country. Recall that the state government had earlier banned political and social gatherings in across the state with an advise to the PDP to consider postponing the congress in the interest of the state. https://dailypost.ng/2020/03/24/covid-19-akeredolu-orders-ban-on-political-social-gatherings-directs-civil-servant-to-sit-at-home/ While emphasizing that all markets will be shut for seven days, which is subject to further review, Ojogo maintained that food, medicine stores and water, as well as other essentials, will not be affected by the ban. The statement read, “following the decisions of the Ondo State Executive Council meeting of Monday, 23rd March, 2020, to stem the tide of the rampaging COVID-19 pandemic, Governor Oluwarotimi Odunayo Akeredolu, SAN has ordered the immediate closure of all markets, malls and shops across the State with effect from today, March 24th, 2020. “Under this fresh directive which is for a period of 7 days in the first instance, only the sale of life-saving and sustaining items like food, water and medicines shall be allowed. The statement further read that “similarly, Governor Akeredolu reiterates that the suspension of political gatherings and meetings is still in force. In this regard, any form of campaign for the forthcoming Local Government Election in the State should be discontinued for the meantime. “And in furtherance of his resolve to deepen efforts under the present circumstances, Governor Akeredolu has equally directed the immediate cancellation of all official engagements. This directive includes courtesy calls and other engagements already approved and scheduled prior to this time; and shall suffice for a period of 14 days in the first instance. “The Governor seeks the co-operation and understanding of all residents in the State as he works assiduously to keep the State safe from COVID-19.”