Apostle Paul Okikijesu of the Christ Apostolic Miracle Ministry, on Tuesday, revealed what God told him about coronavirus in Nigeria. The cleric, who recently predicted heavy rainfall in 2020, also shared the vision he had about other countries and another disease that may break out. Okikijesu, in a statement issued on his behalf by Prophet Frank Akanbi, quoted the divine messages he received. It read: “I am exhibiting presently My superiority in Nigeria. I the Lord will stop the wave of this virus because of the cries and the tears of the beloved. “The leaders of Nigeria should change fully, the hand of I the Lord will step on the problem quickly. The firmament will change and a great rain will fall that will have a widespread effect. “The leaders of the nations should take step of amendment and prayer, then I the Lord will remove the COVID-19 virus; the hosts of hell who are currently rejoicing will be silenced. For America, China and Russia, Okikijesu predicted that the global pandemic will be eradicated if Christianity is allowed to thrive. “However, if these nations utilize their wisdom or rely solely on the knowledge of the scientists they will not be successful.” Okikijesu further noted that signs will manifest from heaven that will signify freedom, liberty, and deliverance from COVID-19. He noted that some nations will have moonlight as their sign while several nations will have dew. “Most African countries will have rainfall that will bring great flood and I the Lord will stop the wave of the COVID-19 virus. “However, there is another disease/virus in hiding that is more severe than COVID-19 virus. So people should cry out to Me, so that I will step and trample on all these things. The cleric told Presidents and Prime Minister to look to God and warned them not to elevate idol or anything in the world. “This COVID-19 virus is to demonstrate that there is no human who has power over his/her soul.” The statement said within seven days, the hand of the Lord will pass through all nations. “COVID-19 virus will stop and it will be eradicated completely. I will step on this virus because of the death of the beloved”, it added.