The crack in the All Progressives Congress, APC, seems to be widening as leaders of the ruling party take sides in the worst crisis that has ever hit the party. This is as the South-South Zone of the party has denied passing a vote of confidence on the suspended National Chairman, Adams Oshiomole. The Deputy National Chairman South South of the APC, Hilliard Etta (Crossriver State) had convened a meeting where they declared support for Oshiomole. But the Zonal Secretary of the party, Dave Okumgba (Rivers State) said there was an attempt by Etta and a few others to create a wrong impression about the need to retain Oshiomhole as the National Chairman of the party. Okumgba in a statement obtained by DAILY POST said there was no way a meeting of the zone would have held without his office. See Full Statement: RE: VOTE OF CONFIDENCE ON NATIONAL CHAIRMAN, HE ADAMS ALIU OSHIOMHOLE Amidst deep and genuine concern, my attention has been drawn to a malicious publication being hurriedly circulated in the media, deceitfully misinforming the public on a phantom vote of confidence passed on the ousted National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, His Excellency Adams Oshiomole, at a meeting that never held — a posture intending to tilt the leaders and the entire South-South Zone as flagrant defaulters and champions of disobedience to the rule of law and court pronouncements. In the strongest sense of the word, I condemn the diversionary act and purported resolution of a select few, whose surreptitious aim is to pitch the South-South Zone against the rest of the party structures across the country and specifically shut out unsuspecting National Executive Committee members drawn from the South-South Zone from attending the scheduled March 17th, 2020 NEC meeting of our party. In the light of the foregoing and the dire consequences these indiscretions may portend to party cohesion, I wish to respectfully state as follows: 1) That the All Progressives Congress ( APC), as a political party was founded under the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and therefore is conformed by the laws of the country. 2) That on the strength of the above paragraph, some aggrieved party members approached and sought relief through the courts. 3) An Abuja High Court, led by Justice Danlami Senchi gave an interlocutory order restraining His Excellency Adams Aliu Oshiomhole from parading himself as National Chairman of the party. 4) That the APC as a law-abiding party laced with it’s highest regard for the rule of law moved to implement the court judgement by handing over the reins of leadership to the highest elected officer of the party, in the person of Chief (Hon) T Victor Giadom (Ag. National Security) as Head of Administration, to forestall any vacuum in this defining moment of the party. 5) That the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Mohammed Adamu, had in other to forestall any breach in law and order summoned a security meeting involving members of the NWC and restricted the National Chairman from accessing the National Secretariat pending the vacation of the order by a higher court. 6) That as advocates against flagrant disrespect for the rule of law, the judiciary and other institutions of government, the least expected of APC or any lover of the party is an outright disobedience to such orders mentioned above. 7) That it is a known and established practice in law that where there are equal equities from two courts of coordinate jurisdiction, the first in time shall prevail. Ipso facto, one can be shrewd enough to state that the motive behind the publication is sinister and sponsored by some political elements in the South-South, who have overtime earned a reputation for ferocity, pull-down syndrome and retrogressive tendencies. It is worthy of note that the mishmash behind the publication and purported vote of confidence is a potpourri of persons who are parading and exerting regional leadership authority that they don’t have ab initio. Many of whom are immersed in controversies and litigations that are challenging their authenticity and claims to their leadership positions in their various states It is imponderable to see well meaning party chieftains preoccupied and engaged neck deep in this show of perfidy and disdain to court orders, as well as other statutory institutions of government. Those masquerading as the leaders and elders of the South-South Zone should be reminded that elders are often said to be measured, calculated and circumspect in the face of conflagration. How come their case was different and hasty? In any case, the governorship ambition of one leader who rose to prominence on the shoulders of those he is hurling stones at, should not override the overall peace and unity the party is currently enjoying in our region. In respect to the meeting and vote of confidence which exists only in the mind of the peddlers, most piquing are paragraphs three (3) and four (4) of the watery and lacklustre publication. Now, one is forced to ask: ▪At what time, venue and date did the Zonal Executive Committee sit to appraise the activities cum achievements of the National Chairman? ▪Would such a meeting have held without the knowledge and input of the Zonal Secretary (my humble self)? ▪Does the Vice-Chairman understand the term “assist” in Article 14(5) (i) of our party’s constitution to mean gross neglect of the extant party guidelines and court orders? Going by their antecedents, it is not surprising that these actors have launched a tirade of resistance and salvoes against the emergence of Hon. Victor Giadom as the acting Head of Administration of our party at these trying times. I beseech Hon. Victor Giadom, as the captain steering the national affairs of the party in the interim, to remain focused and not be distracted by the murky politicking and shenanigans from the home front or any other quarters. I also call on stakeholders to ignore these rantings and encourage members of the NEC from the region to attend the March 17th, meeting en masse, as important issues bordering on party growth will be on the front banner. Duty calls. This is a time to turn swords into ploughshares and ingeniously tailor the torn fabric and tighten the wearing stitches that loosely hold us together as a party. David Okumgba
Zonal Secretary,
APC South-South Zone.
09/03/2020