The Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi III, on Tuesday, told President Muhammadu Buhari, state governors and other leaders in the country to be ready to accommodate criticisms. He said this was necessary if they want democracy to succeed in the country. The monarch while receiving members of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) led by its Chairman, Mr. Ademola Babalola, noted that for the country to have a true democracy, political and traditional leaders at all levels must be able to stand criticisms. DAILY POST reports that the journalists were at the palace to pay courtesy visit on the monarch. Oba Adeyemi added that it was just unfortunate that most of the leaders don’t like criticisms. He said that there was nowhere in the world that had the type of constitution Nigeria was operating presently. Oba Adeyemi said, “Our leaders, either political or traditional must be able to take criticism if we really want good democracy in Nigeria. “Nowhere in the world that is running the type of constitution we are running in Nigeria. When people criticize me, I sit down and think if what they are criticizing me for is true or false, and I adjust.” Oba Adeyemi lauded the efforts of journalists in the country towards the development of the nation despite the danger attached to their job. He said that the media as the 4th estate of realm had made tremendous impact in moving the country forward. “I have also benefited and made name through the media, I am aware of what you face during the course of discharging your duty, many journalist have been castigated and even detained,” he said. Babalola earlier in his address pointed out that the purpose of the courtesy call was to notify the monarch concerning the 100 days in office of the new Oyo NUJ executive members. He added “That is why we decided to pay a royal homepage to the Alaafin in appreciation of his support for the union, and to receive a royal blessing upon the programs lined up for the 100 day in office celebration. “No journalist in Oyo State has not passed through this palace in one time or the other for one story or research, the fatherly role you have been giving to journalists in the last few decades is much appreciated.”