The Nigeria Association of Women Journalists, (NAWOJ) has advised federal and state governments to immediately shut schools temporarily, as a way of containing Coronavirus in the country. A statement issued and signed on Thursday by the NAWOJ National President, Ifeyinwa Omowole and National Secretary of the Association, Ladi Bala indicated that, said schools just like other large gatherings have shown to be an effective ground to spread the virus once one infected person is in the gathering. “We must draw vital lessons from countries like China and Italy where the virus spreads at an alarming rate, forcing Italy for example to shut down the entire country. “Schools and other public places are high risk areas for the spread of the virus. “Even Britain has taken the tough decision to close down schools, while South Korea had done same and many other countries are embracing technology to continue lectures without having the students converging in one place. “It is worthwhile to note that even ECOWAS, the West African sub-regional body, in realization of the high risk in such gatherings, has barred all meetings and missions involving up to 50 persons”, the statement noted The Association commended the Lagos and Osun State Governments for taking the initiative to bar religious and other gatherings with over 50 people. “Such a measure, we believe, will help to increase the chances of the nation not witnessing an epidemic and stopping it from becoming widespread within the country”, it said. According to NAWOJ it is now imperative for the government to deploy every measure at its disposal to ensure that the virus does not spread uncontrollably. ‘The association also calls on Nigerians to complement government’s efforts by adhering to the safety precautions issued by the WHO: “Wash your hands regularly for 20 seconds, with soap and water or alcohol-based hand sanitizers. “Cover your nose and mouth with a disposable tissue or flexed elbow when you cough or sneeze. “Avoid close contact (1 metre or 3 feet) with people who are unwell. “Stay home and self-isolate from others in the household if you feel unwell. “Don’t touch your eyes, nose, or mouth if your hands are not clean. “We believe that pending when an effective treatment, cure or vaccine is developed, we can still save our country by limiting its spread”, it urged. The women journalists stressed that proactive must be taken, hence schools must be closed and Nigeria’s healthy population stay home while infected persons are traced and isolated. “It is better now than later, when the situation may leave us with other alternatives”, it added.