The sleepy town of Emuren turned a battle field as some gunmen invaded the community, killing three persons. Emuren is under Sagamu Local Government area of Ogun State. DAILY POST gathered that the gunmen were suspected cultists terrorising the area, while also engaging in armed robbery. On Sunday, the cultists had unleashed terror on members of the community as they reportedly killed a police inspector, Christian Olumiyan, a pastor and a bricklayer. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, has since confirmed the incident. Members of the community, it was learnt, identified the leader of the cultists as ‘Ijalo’, meaning ‘soldier ant’. Our correspondent gathered that the slain Inspector Olumiyan, until his death, was attached to Imota, Emuren and Simawa by the Mobile Police Mopol 2, Obalende. He was allegedly attacked and shot to death by the cultists while they were trying to escape, as many residents sustained injuries in the attack. The Ogun Police Spokesperson, Oyeyemi confirmed that the suspected cultists “killed a police inspector, a pastor and a bricklayer,” adding that they came to the community and started shooting sporadically. Oyeyemi vowed that the police will not rest until the suspected cultists are arrested, saying a manhunt has been launched for their arrest. The police image maker disclosed that it was true the incident happened in Emuren, stressing that the cultists’ mission is still unknown. He said the police in Ogun are fully investigating the incident, disclosing that, “policemen from the Homicide section, other tactical squads, the Anti-cultist unit are presently in that place.” The police officer assured that those who carried out that act must be brought to book at all cost, emphasising that, “We cannot allow some hoodlums to be making life difficult for members of the public.” According to Oyeyemi, the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, Kenneth Ebrimson, has directed that a massive manhunt be launched for those behind “that stupid act”.