A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and Director General of Voice of Nigeria (VON), Osita Okechukwu, has attacked the embattled national chairman of the ruling party, Comrade Adams Oshimohole, insisting that the national chairman must resign to save the party from political misfortunes which caused APC losing Rivers, Zamfara, Bauchi and Adamawa during the 2019 general elections. Okechukwu, while speaking on the Platform, a radio programme in Abia State and monitored by DAILY POST in Umuahia on Monday, also maintained that Oshimohole lacked the management capacity to continue presiding the affairs of the APC, stressing that the governing party is dire need of healing on the injustices perpetrated by Adams Oshimohole. His words, “There are material conditions that brought the discontent and huge gross between those who felt sincerely that they were marginalized from their victories. There is no way he can exonerate himself, no matter how he want to pontificate about 2023. A lot of people have lost confidence in his management capacity because he (Oshimohole) was dictatorial and despotic. There is no doubt about that. That is what caused us Rivers State, caused us Zamfara, caused us Adamawa and nearly caused us Imo state. It is not about 2023 as being insinuated in some quarters. The crisis originated from the way he mismanaged the process (Primaries). Because, he neglected the constitution of the APC. “Again, if Oshimohole had lived with the advice of the elders, he couldn’t have been fighting a backyard war. No wise man goes for a backyard war. So, it was a mistake on his side. Whether he is right or wrong, he was the person that stood up and told the world that he was abolishing godfatherism in Edo state. So, if he is abolishing godfatherism in Edo, why did he want to place himself in a position of trying to be a godfather. It is a mistake on his(Oshimohole) side. It was also a mistake when the ward of the National Vice Chairman, North West, Barrister Inuwa suspended him from the membership of APC, Comrade Oshimohole, as the national chairman of the NWC, he upheld Barrister Inuwa’s suspension and relieved National vice chairmanship position. “Now, he (Oshimohole) has been suspended by his own ward and he never care even to challenge it. There are a lot of contradictions surrounding Oshimohole. If you want to live in a democracy, you must accommodate alternative views and if you don’t accommodate alternative views, you will not go far. Alternative views are the hallmark of democracy”. Meanwhile, recall that some aggrieved members of the party had dragged Oshiomhole to court in a move to get him removed as National Chairman. Following the suit filed at a Federal Capital Territory, FCT, High Court, Justice Danladi Senchi had ordered Oshiomhole to stop parading himself as National Chairman of the party pending the determination of the matter. However, a Federal High Court in Kano State had on Thursday vacated the order of the court.