The Federal High Court, Abuja has ordered the release of the international passport of Doyin Okupe, former Senior Special Assistant on Public Affairs to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan. This is to enable Okupe travel abroad for medical treatment. Okupe, who is being prosecuted by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, (EFCC), is facing a 59-count charge bordering on money laundering, criminal breach of trust to the tune of N702 million. While Okupe is the 1st defendant, Value Trust Investment Ltd and Abraham Telecoms Ltd are 2nd and 3rd defendants respectively in the suit, NAN reports. Okupe, through his counsel, Akinlabi Akingbade, had, on Feb. 11, filed a motion, seeking a court order to travel to the United Kingdom (UK) for medical treatment between March 10 and May 24. He also sought an order for the release of his international passport to enable embark on the trip. Akingbade, in his argument, said since Okupe was granted bail by court on Jan. 14, 2019, he had always attended all sittings and had not violated the terms of his bail. The lawyer told the court that his client had a history of sick sinus syndrome which required a pacemaker implant. “A cardiac pacemaker was consequently implanted on June 25, 2015, and the 1st defendant has required regular follow up check-ups with his doctors ever since,” he said. Akingbade promised that his defendant would resubmit his travel documents upon return to Nigeria to stand his trial.
However, Ibrahim Audu, counsel to EFCC, urged the court to discountenance Okupe’s plea. He argued that the request was a ploy to delay proceedings in the matter. Audu explained to the court that the video of the allegation he mentioned in his written address had been trending online, adding that it is a criminal trial and for the applicant to be away for 8 weeks is unreasonable. “There are good hospitals in the country to attend to him,” he added. Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu, in her ruling, rebuked Audu, saying in reality, Nigeria do not have good hospital in the country” to attend to some medical concerns. She said the decision was taken after careful consideration of the arguments of counsel to the parties in the suit. “Perhaps, if we have good hospitals, people would not travel abroad,” she added. The judge, who ordered the release of Okupe’s international passport, ruled that the applicant should travel between March 7 and April 30. She also held that the applicant should submit the travel document within seven days of return. Justice Ojukwu, then adjourned until May 19 and 20 for trial continuation.