Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has lashed out at Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodinma for blaming the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the crisis rocking the ruling All Progressives Congress. Governor Wike came hard on his Imo State counterpart for alleging that the PDP was responsible for the attempted removal of the National Chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. He said that the allegation was baseless and untrue. The Governor while briefing Government House Correspondents also declared that the APC was out to destroy the Judiciary, just as he urged the Judiciary to protect itself from the destructive tendencies of the party. Governor Wike said that the APC was not a political party that meant well for the country and then wondered why the Judiciary should allow leaders of the APC to toss it around as has been witnessed during the party’s internal crisis. He decried the situation where the Court of Appeal granted a stay of execution on the suspension of the APC National Chairman, but the FCT High Court went ahead to declare another person the Acting National Chairman. He said only the National Executive Committee of political parties have such powers. According to Wike: “I read that Senator Hope Uzodinma said that the PDP conspired to plot the attempted removal of APC National Chairman. That is an unfortunate lie. “It is unfortunate that Senator Hope Uzodinma will have the temerity to make that false allegation. Hope Uzodinma was an APC agent while he was in PDP. That was why APC used him as an agent to support Ali Modu Sheriff, but they failed. “It is unfortunate that people of questionable characters are in Government. Hope Uzodinma cannot talk about the attempted removal of APC National Chairman and mention the PDP. What is our business in the attempted removal of Oshiomhole? “APC does not mean well for Nigeria. It is a party of strange bedfellows merely formed to take over power. “If Senator Uzodinma dares to make such false comments again about the PDP, we will tell the world about him. “That he fraudulently took the mandate of PDP does not mean that PDP is weak. Hope Uzodinma lacks the capacity to discuss the PDP. “The Judiciary should be very careful. The Judiciary should be alert. It should not allow itself to be used. It should not allow itself to be destroyed. “APC should not be allowed to destroy the Judiciary. Judiciary was there before APC. It was there before any political party. I cannot see the Judiciary being destroyed and keep quiet. “I am not interested in what happens in the APC. But I am concerned with the Judiciary and its survival. “With what the APC is doing today, we may not have the Judiciary and everyone will pay the price. The party is trying to destroy the hope of the common man. “I agree with the Former Lagos State Governor, Senator Bola Tinubu that the crisis in APC is about 2023. Everyone wants to be President or Vice President. This virus is indeed worse than coronavirus,” he said.