The Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi on Friday banned the release of corpses for burial in Ebonyi, ordering the arrest of some policemen attached to the state police command for allegedly supervising a burial ceremonies that took place in some Local government areas of the state. The arrest was due to the violation of the ban on burial ceremonies in the state. Others to be arrested include members of the two families who conducted the burials in two local government areas of Ezza South and Ikwo. The Governor who frowned at the development stressed that it was wrong for citizens of the state to violate government directives on ban on burial ceremonies, among others. Umahi made this known while briefing newsmen at the new government lodge, Abakaliki, Ebonyi state capital. He revealed the efforts of the state government towards tackling the dreaded coronavirus in the State, just as he directed the State Commissioner of Police, CP Awoshola Awotinde to ensure the arrest of all the policemen that supervised the burial ceremonies. The governor, also directed the Vice Chancellor of Alex Ekuweme Federal University, Ndufu-Alike, Ikwo to stop releasing corpses for burial in the State, in order to ensure the safety of citizens of the State. “Commissioner of Police, make sure that the policemen that supervised the burial are arrested and detained. Chairmen of Ezza South and Ikwo, I don’t understand how burial ceremonies will take place in your LGA and you people are not aware. This thing should stop. We should safeguard the lives of our citizens.” The Governor called on the Permanent Secretary of State Affairs, Mr. Austin Udude and Commissioner of Health, Dr. Daniel Umezuruike to identity 2 hotels within the capital which will be taken over by the State government to lodge medical workers in the fight against the scourge. On the lockdown of the State which will commence Saturday, the Governor charged the Chairmen of all the LGAs and security operatives to ensure strict compliance to the directive of the State Government. According to the Governor, the lockdown is not a joke as only vehicles on essential duty will be allowed into the State. “The kits we ordered will arrive tomorrow.