The Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Federal Road Maintenance Agency, FERMA, Hon. Femi Bamisile, has commended Ekiti State Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, on the amicable resolution of what he called “lack of communication gap” between the government and some monarchs in the State over who heads the State traditional Council. Bamisile said, “The maturity, understanding and readiness displayed to end the rift by both parties in the interest of Ekiti State is worthwhile and commendable.
Also, the quick intervention by two paramount Rulers from the South Western part of the Country, Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi and Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi is royally”. Hon. Bamisile gave the commendation in a release made available to newsmen in Ado Ekiti over the weekend. He said, “Traditional institution remains sacred and must always be treated as such, hence the maturity displayed by Gov. Kayode Fayemi to continue to give respect and due recognition to the body. “Though, the opposition parties in the State had wanted to seize the avenue to score cheap political points by fuelling the matter. But the development was swiftly curtailed by the humility and respect of the Governor for all. “The Governor has again displayed his personality as a true democrat and an epitome of humility, integrity and respect for elders which a true Ekiti Indigene is known for”. Bamisile, who is representing Ekiti South Federal Constituency II, averred that, “It is on record that, the government of Dr Fayemi has remained one of the most traditional ruler-friendly in the history of Ekiti State and the Governor will not derail from such. “Therefore, the All Progressive Congress APC-led government in the state will continue to partner all the monarchs across the board, giving them due respect and recognition at bringing more development to all nooks and crannies of the state. “Traditional Rulers, as custodians of culture are partners in progress in the task of developing the society, hence the need to always involve them in the scheme of things for rapid development”. The former Speaker of Ekiti State House of Assembly thanked the monarchs for acting like true fathers of the State by allowing the imbroglio to be buried once and for all, saying, “The action of the Obas will, no doubt, facilitate more development in the State. It will also allow the Governor to concentrate more on his good agenda for the People”. The lawmaker praised Ekiti people for their continued support for the present government and traditional institution and urged them to always pray for the success of the two important bodies to lead them all right.