The Senior Pastor of Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Dr. Paul Enenche on Sunday, led his congregation in a torrential prayer against the outbreak of COVID-19, otherwise known as coronavirus. Report said the deadly virus, which broke out in Wuhan, China in December 2019 and recognised as a pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO) on 11 March 2020, had killed over 6,000 people with over 162,000 people currently battling the ailment. The virus, which primarily spreads between people in a way similar to influenza, via respiratory droplets from coughing, has affected mainland China, Europe, Iran, South Korea, the United States and some African countries. Leading his congregation in a brutal prayer against deadly virus, Pastor Enenche declared an immediate end to this evil satanic plague. He said, “We want to agree together to curse the demon of coronavirus officially. He (God) said whatever we bind on earth is bound in heaven and whatever we lose on earth is loosed in heaven, so we want to officially bind the virus called corona. “I’m sure Ebola must have told corona not to come to Nigeria, this is because when Ebola came, it was boiled by the power of God. “I heard that there are countries today where nobody is going to any church. That devil is a bastard. Like in Italy, I heard there is a total lockdown. Over 900 catholic churches and other denominations are under lock and keys due to the plague. “People have been barred from traveling in and out of their countries because of the virus. That means if people have any emergency medical case, they can’t go. “President Donald Trump of America declared today as fasting and prayer against coronavirus and we are also declaring enough is enough for that devil. His tenure has expired. For every child of God here and every child of God watching me from all over the world, we are preserved from every situation of plague in Jesus Name. Exodus 15:26 says. “And said, If thou wilt diligently hearken to the voice of the LORD thy God, and wilt do that which is right in his sight, and wilt give ear to his commandments, and keep all his statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have brought upon the Egyptians: for I am the LORD that healeth thee.” “In the land of Egypt, at a point locusts came by the east wind and when the suffering became too much and the Lord wanted to take it away, he brought a west wind and wiped them away. “After reading Exodus 10:12-18, I realized that a wind of evil brought this coronavirus. And we pray today that the wind of the Lord sweeps it away. “Praying, he said, we make demands on God for an immediate answer on this matter. “We join forces with every believer around the world praying now concerning the issue of the coronavirus; you coronaVirus, your tenure expires today in Jesus Name. We curse you to your roots. I command the west wind of the Lord blows you away from the face of the earth now in Jesus Name. ” “You know it exploded from the Far East, China and is now majorly flowing in the west but it is ended. We receive immediate answers to this prayers regarding this mysterious plague in Jesus’ name.”