The Governorship candidate of the Allied Peoples Movement (APM) in Ogun State, Hon. Adekunle Akinlade, has reacted to some measures taken by the Governor Dapo Abiodun’s administration to prevent the spread of Coronavirus pandemic in the state. Akinlade, who is now a Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in a chat with DAILY POST on Wednesday, urged Ogun indigenes and Nigerians in general to abide by all the directives given by government to prevent the surge of COVID-19 in the state. On the plan to distribute free hand sanitizers to residents of Ogun, Akinlade said, “governments all over the world are doing everything possible to keep their citizens safe.” However, the former lawmaker opined that, “Only a decentralized and coordinated approach will bring the type of result we crave to save lives; asking, “how many sanitizers will they distribute to accommodate everyone in the state when more than 60% of Ogun state is semi-rural”. “The local authorities must be funded to educate our people on the dangers of the virus, the need to stay at home and ensure social distancing. This is not the time for anyone to make money,” he warned. Meanwhile, Akinlade described former Governor, Ibikunle Amosun as a visionary leader, whose administration’s projects were centred on the people’s needs. Akinlade described Amosun as a leader who saw beyond the immediate years and had the courage to act on his convictions which was evident in his administrative policies and projects. Akinlade noted that ten months ago, many members of the Abiodun administration allegedly berated Amosun for deploying the state’s resources in constructing what they described as a “needless 250-bed ultra modern hospital”. Akinlade said, “Today, the facility is among one of the most equipped medical outfit in the country. Many may ask, did Sen. Amosun know that we will encounter Coronavirus epidemic?” The answer, he said, is no. Akinlade added: “What differentiates a visionary leader from just a leader is that it takes passion, sacrifice and courage to act in the interest of all. Like the 250-bed ultra modern hospital, Amosun built bridges across Sagamu/Ore expressway in Ijebu-Ode, the new high court, the Abeokuta City Centre, the PMB Estate among others.” He stressed that Amosun worked tirelessly to influence the Lagos-Ibadan rail to pass through its present corridor, adding that the Senator designed a new State and gave his all to see it comes to fruition through the ‘Mission to Rebuild’ drive. In all, Akinlade urged the people to seek God’s divine intervention in curtailing the virus, asking them to assist the government in its steps and prosper the state after the pandemic.