The Vice President, Industrial Global Union, IGU, and member, National Executive Council, Nigerian Labour Congress, NLC, Issa Aremu, has said that Nigeria qualifies as an unofficial global capital of “road accidents” with over 39,000 Nigerians dying from road crashes every year. He explained, “In the 2018 Global Status Report on Road Safety, the World Health Organization (WHO) estimated road traffic fatalities in Nigeria at 39,802, while the estimated rate per 100,000 deaths stood at 21.4. Nigeria’s loses more humans on road accidents than 11, 310 deaths reported in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone due to Ebola epidemic.” Speaking in Kaduna on a condolence visit to members of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, on Sunday on the death of its former Treasurer and Secretary, Chief Dominic Uzu, who died on Tuesday, February 4, 2020 following a tragic fatal accident along Kaduna-Zaria Highway, Aremu said, “The best way to mourn Comrade Dominic Uzu is to collectively put an end to cheap and callous wastage of human lives, (low or high alike) on our roads. Tears are not just enough. There is an urgent need to rebuild our roads and ensure safety rules are observed with a view of reducing accidents on our roads.” He added, “We must halt this road-terrorism, or better still road virus called accident.” Comrade Aremu stated that it’s time President Muhammadu Buhari declared emergency on Federal roads, “There must be a time frame to fix all major highways and halt the ongoing road-murders,” he explained. Comrade Aremu observed that accident victims are agonizing humans (mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, bread winners,) with all the valued human relationships suddenly terminated on account of avoidable “accidents”. He added that a visit to a typical emergency/casualty ward in any hospital shows that road accidents do as much violence as terrorism does. “Sudden deaths of working journalists and Nigerians in general further point to crisis of road governance in Nigeria,” Aremu said. Speaking on the recent Supreme Court judgment of Bayelsa state governorship, he noted, “Without prejudice to the expected judgment of the Supreme Court on Imo. I commend the Supreme Court, which last Wednesday, upheld its earlier judgment and went further to fine Chief Afe Babalola (SAN) and Chief Wole Olanipekun (SAN) N30 million each for agreeing to file an application for the review of the apex court’s judgment on Bayelsa election. “It is commendable that for once Supreme Court damned what I see as an increasing dictatorship of some lawyers and desperate politicians which if not checked might undermine democracy. I also hailed the ousted governor-elect of Bayelsa State, David Lyon, for his statesmanship for accepting the final ruling of Nigeria’s highest court, Supreme Court that nullified his victory at the November 16th, 2019 governorship election in the State.” According to Aremu, democracy tasks all stakeholders to abide by the rule of law if democracy would be sustainable, adding, “Some lawyers are turning courts as temple of justice into arena of transactions of market place. Endless litigations over electoral matters must give way to matured political culture which must starts with respect for finality of court rulings. “After 20 years of democracy, it’s time to learn from the experience and avoid the pitfall of how endless litigations, suits and counter suits helped to undermine the first and second Republics. “During the controversial June 12 crisis, for instance the judiciary was central to the political impasse which arose over the annulment of the June 12, 1993 presidential election which Chief Moshood Kashimawo Olawale Abiola was poised to win and Justice Dahiru Saleh, the Chief Judge of the Federal Capital Territory was in the thick of it all. Specifically, Justice Bassey Ikpeme who ordered that the election should not hold on the eve of the historic poll, was one of his judges. In addition, Saleh ordered Professor Humphrey Nwosu, the chairman of the National Electoral Commission, to stop announcing the election results almost mid way into the exercise. Both the bar and the bench must help to deepen democracy not undermining it through frivolous transactional litigations.” He enjoined politicians to be serious about democratic process, saying, “Democracy is about compromises. The idea of demonstrations at EU and American embassies to resolve electoral matters is not only ill-informed but unacceptable and must be discouraged. Americans would not go to Nigerian embassy in Washington to perfect their electoral processes which indeed are full of imperfections.”