Nollywood producer, Ifeoma Nkiruka Chukwuogo, has confirmed reports making the rounds that the industry may have a case of coronavirus following the Africa Magic Viewers Choice Award, AMVCA awards which held days ago. Reports had emerged that one of the celebrities at the AMVCA has been exhibiting symptoms but refused to go for test. Confirming the report, Chukwuogo who was nominated for best producer of the year [City People Award) took to her Twitter page threatening to expose the celebrity who has exhibited symptoms of COVID-19. “Very true story of reported case attending AMVCA. The suspected case hasn’t tested but came in from the UK and is down with coronavirus symptoms. Plans to fly right back out soon, but has interacted with many people. I have the receipts and if he continues to refuse to report himself to the NCDC, I’ll whistle-blow the shit. “I called the NCDC helpline, provided preliminary information to a representative. I will follow up later, only delayed on calling for some hours to properly verify some info first.” She later disclosed that the suspected case has finally reported himself to NCDC even as she warned her colleagues who attended to self isolate before the result is confirmed. “In the meantime, if you attended the AMVCAs, please self isolate immediately. If you have come in close contact with anyone who did, to be safe also self-isolate and watch yourself for some days. “After I reported the issue last night, I planned to follow up this morning but information reaching me this morning is that he has now also reported himself so I will delete this thread to avoid further panic and to close the matter, now that he has done the needful.” This has placed at high risk the lives of many celebrities who attended the AMVCA. So far, Nigeria has recorded 12 cases since the deadly virus outbreak in Wuhan, China. In that respect, President Muhammadu Buhari-led government has imposed a travel ban on 13 high risk countries of COVID-19 including the UK.