President Muhammadu Buhari has come under fire for refusing to close Nigeria’s borders following the spread of Covid-19, also known as Coronavirus. Femi Fani-Kayode, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP and former Aviation Minister also berated the President for having not addressed Nigerians since some cases were discovered in the country. This is as former Presidential candidate of the PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar and former Senator representing Kaduna central senatorial district have also cried out over the dreaded disease which is spreading like wildfire. While Sani noted that no disease in recent times has dealt a major blow to the globe the way Covid-19 has, Atiku said Nigerians must shun partisan disagreement and think and work patriotically to ensure national survival. “Not only do you refuse to formally address our people and offer them hope on the Covid 19 plague but you have also refused to close our borders. Instead you have declared them open to the Chinese, Europeans, Iranians, Italians, Americans and all other afflicted nations. Shame on you!” Fani-Kayode fumed. Atiku added that “Nigeria is our collective home, as such, we must suppress every partisan disagreement and think and work patriotically to ensure our national survival amid global uncertainty. “May God bless Nigeria at this critical hour and always. “The coronavirus is raging in the world and not just ravaging human beings, it is also affecting economies. Nigeria is not an island onto itself, and we must take measures to protect the economic well being of our nation and people. “These are extraordinary times, and we, as a nation, must take extraordinary measures to protect the entire nation,” the former Vice President tweeted. For Shehu Sani, “No disease in recent human history has shaken the world to its foundation, spread fear, uncertainty and panic, destabilizes social structures, shreds economies, values, cultures and beliefs, wrecks borders and fortresses, stretches stresses the human race like the #coronavirus #COVID_19.”