An Ibadan Chief, Mrs. Funmilayo Soyege, on Tuesday explained why sexual harassment and violence against women still persist in Nigeria despite various efforts to ensure that all forms of discrimination against women are removed. Soyege, who is the Osi Iyalode of Ibadan land, maintained that sexual harassment and violence against women were still rampant in the society as some aspects of culture, tradition and religious beliefs are not encouraging women folk to realize their potentials. While speaking at a lecture organized by Women’s Research and Documentation Centre (WORDOC) in conjunction with Development Agenda for Western Nigeria (DAWN) Commission as part of activities for the International Women Day 2020, held in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital, Soyege maintained that women were seen as second citizens because, some parts of culture, tradition and religious beliefs were encouraging them to be so. At the lecture themed, “Generation equality: Building an enabling world”, were Dr. Ismaheel Jimoh, Director, Institute of African Studies, University of Ibadan, WORDOC Coordinator, Dr. Sharon Omotoso, a senior lecturer in the Department of Sociology, University of Ibadan, Professor Olanrewaju Olutayo and representatives of DAWN Commission. Soyege, while speaking, said that there was still inequality in the percentage of women in employment, in both private and public sectors of the economy despite concerted efforts to wipe them. She urged women to come together and take their rightful positions. “Sexual harassment and violence against women still persist. There are still inequality in the percentage of women in employment in both private and public sectors of the economy. In Nigeria, we still have the infectious disease called child marriage, and in some areas, cattle are more valuable than women. “There is need to review our culture, tradition and religious beliefs which have all contributed to the stereotyping of women and have encourage the discrimination and inequality experienced by women in our society. “It is time to start educating the girl-child that she is also a valued member of the society and she is just as worthy as the boy-child. We need to come together as women and take our rightful place in the society as equals, this must start from the grassroots by enlightening rural women of the social and political power they hold in the society. “In order to win this equality battle, women must be adequately represented in both the economic and political arena. Adequate and equal recognition must be given to women in our male dominated society. Power is something that is difficult to snatch from the people holding the power”. Omotoso added that the program was organised as part of activities marking the International Women Day. She maintained that gender equality is achievable. “It is the society that tells us that one child is better than the other. What we are trying to say is that children are born equally. “God has given us the children as equal players within the society and so the society must desist from that impression that promotes one child against the other. It is realistic, it is possible to achieve gender equality,” She said.