The Kwara state Commissioner of Police, Mr Kayode Egbetokun, Thursday, constituted police/community committees in the 16 local government areas of the state to work out the recruitment of special constables to be recruited into the Nigeria Police Force. Speaking at a meeting with traditional rulers held at the Police Officers Mess in Ilorin, Egbetokun charged the royal fathers to embrace community policing, which he explained was a way of guaranteeing security in their respective communities and domains. He said community policing would ensure safety of every community, even as he charged the rulers to collaborate with the police by taking the responsibility on the safety of their subjects. The police boss said the Inspector General of Police would soon begin the recruitment of special constables into the police force, adding that traditional rulers would play a major role in the recruitment exercise because they know the right people to be involved in the security of their communities. “Security is the responsibility of everyone in the community, we want the royal fathers active collaboration, we should sit down together, identify the problems and proffer solutions to them. If criminals see that police and community are working together, they will stop carrying out their nefarious activities in the community and such community would be free of criminals. “The people to be recruited as special constables will be volunteers, responsible, decent and one of impeccable character in your community. You know those who genuinely want to serve their community,” Egbetokun added. He disclosed that all Divisional Police Officers, DPOs, in the 16 local government council areas in the state, have been instructed to constitute community police committee and would be from time to time to deliberate on the security of their areas, adding that ” the problem of shortage of manpower in the police force would be solved with the recruitment of special constables into the police force.” The royal fathers suggested among others that local hunters communities be engaged and trained on modern ways of combating crimes, while attractive remuneration should be paid to the police. Aside the problem of non availability of police stations in their areas,they also mentioned lack of protection for informants who volunteer useful security information on activities of criminals to the police and lack of vehicles to convey arrested criminals to police stations as problems to be addressed for the success of the new direction.