The anti-kidnapping unit of the Nigeria Police has arrested three suspected kidnappers in Calabar, the Cross River State capital. The suspects, Abasi Ama Edet Akpan, 26, James Emmanuel, 25 and Arong Iso, 29 were arrested by the anti-kidnapping and cultism men of the Nigeria Police. DAILY POST gathered that the suspects and others at large were arrested on Friday at IBB by Mbora Street in Calabar Municipal Council in the State. The suspects successfully kidnapped one Mrs Grace Adams, a businesswoman on Thursday at the gate of her house, 45 Joseph Mkpang Street, Calabar. Speaking with our reporter, the victim who was rescued by the anti-kidnapping squad said she was kidnapped on Thursday night close to the gate of her house. “Yesterday, as I was coming back from work, my husband was the one driving, as we just drove into our compound around 7.15 pm at 45 Joseph Mkpang, along Ikot Ansa, some armed men came in and told my husband that it was me they were looking for. “That was how I was dragged into their car that was parked close to our gate. They covered my face and pressed me down into their car and took me into their house. They blind folded me and demanded for N30m before they release me. “They said if the money was not made available, they would take me to the creeks. Luckily for me, this morning I heard gunshots in the compound where I was kept and thought they had come to kill me but I discovered that they were Policemen from anti-kidnapping and cultism,” She stated, explaining that she is a businesswoman dealing in coco cola product. Interviewing the alleged kidnappers, Abasi Ama Edet Akpan,26, said “I went to work and came back to sleep with my friends and I went inside, I saw a woman in the house and they said they have kidnapped her. “Our house is at IBB by Mbora, 97 IBB. I am from Ikono in Akwa Ibom State and member of a cult group called the Blackout, I joined the cult when I was in the School (CRUTECH) I studied Estate Management. Another suspect, James Emmanuel, 25 said, “I came back from my outing and went to where my friends were staying and I met a woman and thought she was my friend’s girl friend. I don’t know anything, so this morning the Police came and arrested me, those that are in this business have run away. “I am not part of it, I slept in this compound and so when police came, they arrested everybody. I am from Etinan in Akwa Ibom State. I am a member of a cult group called New Black Movement.” The third suspect, Arong Iso from Ikot Ansa 29, said, “A friend came in and said I should join him and kidnap this woman, so that we can get money and establish ourselves because there is no work since I finished school. “Some of our friends have escaped. I am not in any cult and I don’t have money for my clearance in 2015. I was supposed to go to NYSC but no money for clearance. I read Electrical Engineering and I am from Calabar Municipal in Ikot Ansa” he stated. Also speaking, the State Security Adviser, Ani Esin said, “As we always say, the Nigeria Police and other security agencies are working hard. We have recorded a lot of successes in rescue operation of kidnap victims over the past few weeks. “For kidnapping cases, we have put some strategies in place to reduce it, it was quite high in recent time but the strategies put by security agencies are working well, so we believe that in no distant time, we will get to the bottom of it. “We will get our state back, however, the state government has disarmed some of suspected kidnappers who have been using sophisticated weapons, and we are training those that are willing to come with government, as you can see, the weapons used now are pure low profile weapons and no other big weapons are being used in recent time. It is an achievement; the suspects have met their Waterloo,” he said. The Permanent Secretary in charge of security in Governor’s office, Dr Alfred Mboto enjoined youths to embark on useful venture rather than taking to crime. He advised parents to monitor the movement of their children right from when they are young to curb crimes in the state and urged Nigerians to volunteer information to the security agencies.