The Joint Border Operation Drill, Sector 3, says Nigeria’s security and economy has improved in less than two months of inauguration. The Ag. Coordinator, Joint Border Operation Drill, Sector 3, Compt. Garba Mohammed, spoke to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Sunday, in Ilorin, Kwara State. The sector covers Benue, Kogi, Kwara and Niger States and was set up on January 16, 2020 by the Federal Government. ”The security situation before was taking a dangerous proportion in terms of banditry, terrorism and cattle rustling”, he said. ”There were situations where bandits run down a whole community, but with the setting up of the border drills, these atrocities have been reduced. ”If you look at the rate of kidnapping before the setting up of the border drill, it was worrisome, but now, smuggling, child trafficking and illegal migration have all reduced. ”Talking about smuggling in particular, it is statistically proven and on record that 10 million litres of petrol are being saved daily. ”For instance, in the North Central Zone that this sector covers, within a short period of the border drill, over 6,000 litres of diesel have also been intercepted by this sector. ”160 illegal migrants have been intercepted and handed over to the appropriate authority, while vehicles and illicit weapons were also intercepted,” Mohammed said. He added that intensive patrol checks were carried out by over 800 operatives personnel deployed to the North Central Zone. ”Daily, intensive patrol checks were been carried out which gives us the records obtained so far. ”In this same zone, over 800 personnel have been deployed in various locations with over 50 vehicles. ”And the Kwara state Commissioner of Police, CP Kayode Egbetokun, recently confirmed to us that the border drill have reduced criminality along border communities,” Mohammed said. The border drill, with different sectors, was set up by the office of the National Adviser and comprises all the security agencies in Nigeria. It was established to secure the land and maritime borders against smuggling, cattle rustling, child trafficking, proliferation of small and light weapons, and illegal migration. The border drill was also to ensure that neighbouring countries respect the agreement and protocol entered into between Nigeria and the rest of the countries.