Bauchi State Government has ordered for the closure of all schools across the state with effect from tomorrow Monday, the 23rd of this month as part of measures against the spread of Lassa fever and Coronavirus in the state. Governor Bala Mohammed announced this while addressing newsmen on the outcome of the Stakeholders Engagement and Update Meeting held at the Council Chamber, Government House Bauchi. He said with the rampaging corona virus spreading, the state government deemed it necessary to hold the stakeholders meeting with a view to ensure that the disease is kept out of the state.  He noted that the stakeholders agreed that henceforth, restriction should be observed in all religious gatherings with not more than 50 people. ” You can see we have a new style of leadership of governance in Bauchi State these are the natural leaders, we are here to discuss on the implications of both medical and economic of Coronavirus and to discuss on issue of public gatherings as pronounced by other states.  ” Some of our resolutions is that, restrictions should be observed in all religious gatherings with no more than 50 people to be gathered for any religious congregation.” The governor, who called the citizens of the state to seek for Allah’s forgiveness by deepening prayers to avert the outbreak of the Coronavirus in the state. The governor disclosed that a high-powered committee has been constituted under the chairmanship of the State Deputy Governor, Senator Baba Tela to provide the necessary information on preventive measures against Lassa fever, Coronavirus and other communicable diseases.  The stakeholders meeting was attended by the State Deputy Governor, Senator Baba Tela, Speaker of the Bauchi State House of Assembly and his Deputy, Abubakar Suleiman, Dallami Ahmed Kawule, Secretary to the State Government, Alhaji Sabiu Baba, State Chief Judge, Rabi Talatu Umar, State Grand Khadi, Dahiru Ningi, Chief of Staff, Government House Bauchi, Dr Ladan Salihu and the Emirs of Bauchi, Misau, Ningi and Dass. Others are the State Commissioners, Heads of Security Agencies of Nigerian Army, DSS, Police, NSCDC, members of the Bauchi State House of Assembly, Executive Chairman, Bauchi State Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Dr Rilwanu Mohammed, Religious and Community leaders among others. 