Uyo City Polytechnic, Nduetong Oku community in Uyo Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State was on Monday shutdown over non-payment of 21 months staff salary arrears. The gates of the institution were barricaded with palm fronds, wth both the academic and the non academic staff carrying placards with inscriptions such as: “we the staff of the Polytechnic we need our 21 months salary, we are very hungry”, “Etukudoh’s family honour agreement, pay our 21 months jsalary. We no go gree”, “No payment no work. We need smooth work force, we have been fools for too long” and, “Accept the agreement, we no go gree, we are crying in silence.” Also, a notice dated 16th March, 2020 was seen pasted on the school gate where the Rector of the Polytechnic, Mrs Idem Iboro, directed staff and students of the institution to proceed on a two week break, starting from the said date, pending when the issues leading to the closure of the school will be resolved. The notice reads, “This is to inform all staff (apart from those on essential duties) and students to proceed on a two weeks break starting from today, Monday 16/3/2020. “We regret any inconvenience this may cause. We appeal to everyone to remain calm as the pending issues will be resolved amicably. Activities at Uyo City Polytechnic will resume fully on 30th March 2020.” When the Rector of the Polytechnic, Mrs Idem Iboro, was contacted, she said, “I came this morning and I saw the barricade, so I put up the notice. I am still investigating the matter”. One of the staff of the institution, Dr Udofia Jacob, Senior Lecturer, Department of Mass Communication said he was in school early in the morning to sign the time book but was told by some staff to leave the premises. He stated that for 21 months no staff had received any salary even though they have been working, adding that the proprietors of the school and the consultant have unresolved issues which have affected both staff and students and led to the closure of the school. “We are so aggrieved because we have been owed for 21 months, and the issue has escalated to the point that we don’t even know who we are answerable to. The old management handed over to Mr Ekot, the new management on September 2nd, 2019 which was smoothly done but along the line, we started having some issues. “We had a memo sent by the Chief Consultant who said we should regard Uyo City Polytechnic as not been owned by him. We heard problem started when the proprietors were asking for another review of the agreement. We were meant to understand that the school was owing ICT N5 million, and Uyo City Polytechnic account was garnished by the court, based on that garnishing, we stayed for months without receiving salary.”
Marshal Effiong, Vice Chairman, Nduetong Oku Youth forum blamed the proprietors of the school for the closure of the institution. He said, “Uyo City Polytechnic was mismanaged by the proprietors. They owe the staff 21 months salary and God sent Engr. Emmanuel Ekot to come and take over the school under an agreement. The man took over in September 2019 and changed the face of Uyo City Polytechnic. “He spent N46 million to renovate the school but after paying two months salary, the proprietor said the agreement was not properly signed, and called for a new agreement. He even denied his signature on the agreement, saying they should sign a new agreement, as a result Mr Ekot stopped his work in the place because he had started taking care of the welfare of staff. “Due to the feud between Engr. Ekot and the proprietor, Ekot decided not to manage the school again, that is why the academic and non-academic staff decided to lock the gate. The Chairman of the Village had to inform the Clan Head of Oku, Etebom Enefiok Okpon of the incident and the Clan Head ordered the Chairman to put an injunction for peace to reign until when the parties involved are called to know what actually happened”. Also speaking, Mr Enefiok Samuel, Chairman, Village Council, Nduetong who on the directive of the Clan Head placed traditional injunction in front of the school gate said the Management of the Polytechnic is indebted to the staff to a tune of N400 million. He said the school has created problems for the community because many of the students who have finished their programme but have not been mobilised for service or awaiting their clearance have become a nuisance in the community. He said the Clan Head of the community, Etebom Enefiok Okpon, will call the parties involved to resolve the matter amicably. “The community has agreed that if the school cannot honour the agreement, let them take the school away,” he said. When Elder Enoobong Etukudo, one of the proprietors was contacted on the matter, he refused to comment, saying he had to first meet with the Clan Head on the issue.