The Southwest Executive of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said it has affirmed the suspension of the Ogun State Chairman of the party, Engr Bayo Dayo. DAILY POST reported on Monday that the PDP in Ogun State is enmeshed in fresh crisis. The South West leadership of the PDP announced the suspension of Dayo in a statement signed by the National Vice Chairman of the party, Dr. Eddie Olafeso and its Secretary, Rev. Bunmi Jenyo, on Monday. According to the statement, the decision was reached at the 18th meeting of the PDP in the South West on Sunday. The party said it acted on the recommendation letter duly signed by the State Secretary of the Party, Alhaji Semiu Sodipo and other nine members of the State Working Committee, which it said was in accordance with the provisions of the party’s constitution. “The State Working Committee accused Engr Bayo Dayo of breaching the provisions of the party constitution. “Engr. Bayo Dayo’s conducts as regards the forthcoming party congresses were found contrary to the provisions of the party constitution in Sections 31 (2) (3) and 49 (3) and the guidelines for the conduct of Ward, Local Government, State, Zonal congresses and National Convention, which is a punishable offence. “The recommendation was also as a result of other several conducts of Engr. Bayo Dayo, including anti-party activities, engaging in conduct likely to cause disaffection among members of our party in Ogun State and likely to disrupt the peaceful, lawful and efficient conduct of the businesses of the party, among others. “The Southwest Executive, after a calm premilinary hearing of these infractions of Engr. Bayo Dayo and the submission of the majority members of the State Working Committee of the Party in Ogun, we agreed to affirm the suspension of Engr. Bayo Dayo as the Chairman of the party in Ogun State in accordance with the provision of Section 57 (3) of the constitution of our party. “This decision shall therefore be forwarded to the National Working Committee for final approval and implementation in full accordance with our party constitution,” the statement reads.