The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, has assured that all hope is not lost for communities that are seeking autonomy as their requests will be considered in the future. Fayemi said his administration cannot attend to all requests for autonomy at once urging agitators to be patient and law-abiding as “sooner or later, it will be their turn.” The Governor made the remarks on Tuesday at the official presentation of instruments of appointment and staff of office to Oba Emmanuel Ola Omopariola, as the first Alajowa of Ijowa Ekiti, a new autonomous community in Ikole Local Government Area. Represented by the Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, Fayemi congratulated the new monarch and his subjects on the autonomy granted the community which he described as a “fulfillment of their age-long dream.” A statement by the Special Assistant (Media) to the Deputy Governor, Odunayo Ogunmola, disclosed that Ijowa Ekiti was the third out of the five autonomous communities to where new monarchs have been enthroned. The new monarch, apparently overwhelmed with joy, said Governor Fayemi has, “delivered the community from slavery and second class rating in the 21st Century. ” The Governor explained that Ijowa Ekiti was among several communities that presented their requests for autonomy before the Justice Babajide Aladejana-led Chieftaincy Review Commission with their cases successful before the Panel and the State Executive Council. Fayemi commended the people of Ijowa for being peaceful throughout the period of their request for autonomy as no case of violence was recorded and the peaceful coexistence they maintained with Irele Ekiti town out of which they emerged. The state chief executive appealed to other communities in similar situation to emulate the good example of Ijowa and Irele harmonious cohabitation to promote peace and development. According to the Governor, his administration holds Obas in high esteem because of their position as custodians of the people’s cultural heritage. The Governor noted that his administration will continue to accord traditional rulers with the respect and dignity their office deserves and prioritise their welfare within the limited resources. Fayemi urged communities to join hands with his administration in fast-tracking the development of the state in the areas of ongoing road construction and rehabilitation, education development, healthcare delivery, water revolution and restoration of stipends for the aged. Against this background, Fayemi solicited the cooperation of communities through prompt payment of taxes, maintenance of peace and unflinching support to the government in all ramifications. He enjoined the people of Ijowa to cooperate with the royal father for the development of the town and also advised the monarch to maintain a high sense of responsibility, sincerity and dignity. The Permanent Secretary, Bureau of Chieftaincy Affairs, Mr. Adeniyi Familoni, said the coronation ceremony marked the end of all processes of autonomy urging the Ijowa people to maintain peace with neighbouring towns. Familoni explained that government carefully reviewed all requests for autonomy from different communities in line with the provisions of the law and extant rules governing the process with five towns including Ijowa lucky to get the autonomy. In his acceptance speech, Oba Omopariola said the people of the community would be eternally grateful to Fayemi and his administration for the autonomy granted and the official recognition of the Alajowa royal stool. The new traditional ruler who also described the autonomy as “divine intervention, “said the new status would facilitate rapid development of the community.” Oba Omopariola called on the state government to reconstruct the Arinkin Bridge saying its collapse has cut Ijowa and Irele Ekiti off from the rest of the state. The monarch added that the inhabitants of the two towns are predominantly farmers have been finding it hard to transport their farm produce to outside world. He also urged the state government to send more staff to the community primary school noting that it was through the effort of the Parent-Teacher Association that attracted few teachers there. Oba Omopariola pledged the loyalty of the people to the Fayemi administration saying they would always perform their civic responsibilities and ensure peaceful coexistence with their neighbours.