The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Kaduna State chapter has enjoined the leadership of the Church to inform members of what is medically correct on the challenge of Coronavirus that is a global epidemic with a view to curb the present problem. Rev. Joseph Hayab, Kaduna State CAN chairman in a statement said, “CAN believes in the efficacy of prayers but wishes to state that Christians should make use of the pulpit to say only what is medically correct. “The challenge of coronavirus is now a global epidemic and many countries in different continents have recorded cases of the virus.” CAN said the church in Nigeria, should not be ignorant of the present global pandemic, adding, “The church, as a school of faith, which is known for having large gatherings for church services, wedding, burial, prayer meetings, crusades and revival services must endeavour a level to join forces with government and health workers to stop the spread of this virus. “Our role must not just be to pray but we must be seen taking concrete steps for the well being of our flocks and the country at large.” Accordingly, CAN appealed to all Pastors and Church leaders to read through official guidelines and information about the virus and tell their members. On the spread of the virus, CAN believes that the social media platforms have so many unverified information that could be misleading, hence, there is the need to make use of information available from the Ministry of Health and other recognized government’s agencies. “CAN believes in the efficacy of prayers but wishes to state that Christians should make use of the pulpit to say only what is medically correct. “It will not be proper for a pastor to tell his members to come for prayers and special anointing only without doing what is needful such as the washing of hands regularly, keeping required distance to avoid contacts that may lead to being infected by the virus. “We can also help to reduce the spread of the virus by suspending our large gathering activities for the meantime. Pastors can use unit leaders to reach out to members and also the cell groups’ prayer teams to enlighten members about the virus. By so doing we could reach out to more members without large gatherings. “Again, all churches should provide hand sanitizers at the entrance of the church so that those coming for service will apply before going into the church. “CAN will be happy to have health workers to come to Church premises with genuine equipment to test worshippers. If possible, let minimise handshakes and hugs to help fight the spread of the virus,” the statement explained. CAN added, “While we pray that God will reward our efforts by bringing a quick solution to this global health challenge, we call on churches to shorten the duration of services by holding brief services, unless necessary. “CAN will work with government and their health agencies to educate and mobilize faithful in fighting this virus, believing that with the right information and proper guidance from all leaders and stakeholders, we can fight and stop the spread of this virus.” CAN therefore called on President Buhari not to allow anyone to play politics with this serious challenge. “The Federal Government should assemble qualified experts to develop simple messages for transmission and distribution at places of worship, motor parks, airports, schools and in every gathering,” it added.