Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has suspended the Council Chairman of Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of the state, Solomon Ben-Eke and his Deputy for failing to implement the State Government’s directive on the closure of markets. Governor Wike made the announcement during a statewide broadcast on the COVID-19. He said the suspension of Eke and his Deputy takes immediate effect. Following the violation of the market closure order, the Rivers State Government also imposed a dusk to dawn curfew on Obiri-Ikwerre Junction (Ozuoba, Rumualogu) to Choba and from Education Bus Stop to Agip Junction. Wike said that the State Security Council reached the decision after it monitored compliance with the State Government’s directive. The Rivers Governor charged Traditional Rulers, Youth Leaders and Community Development Committees to ensure that all beer Parlours remain closed. “Let me reiterate that this government will continue to do what is right no matter who is involved. As you are all aware, no conventional war has grounded global life and economy like coronavirus has done. “Everybody is affected. Therefore, all hands must be on deck to defeat coronavirus. I want to sincerely express my heartfelt gratitude to our health professionals on the frontline of this fight. Let me also thank all the security agencies, individuals and organisations who are collaborating with us to make Rivers State safe. “With effect from Tuesday March 31, 2020 there will be a dusk to dawn curfew from Obiri-Ikwerre Junction( Ozuoba, Rumualogu) to Choba and from Education Bus Stop to Agip Junction, Ikwerre Road. “All beer parlours and public drinking joints are hereby closed because they have suddenly become an extension of night clubs that were earlier shut down. “Any beer parlour or public drinking joint found to be open shall be acquired by the State Government. “All landlords are advised to warn their tenants who use their property as beer parlours or public drinking joints to adhere to this directive. “Traditional Rulers, Youth Leaders and Community Development Committees are to ensure that beer parlours and public drinking joints in their areas remain closed. “Any Traditional Ruler who allows markets to be open in his domain will be deposed. “Government is investigating the illegal operation of markets at night at Woji and Elelenwo Communities. Further violation by residents of these two communities will attract declaration of curfew,” he said. The Governor announced waivers to different categories of persons in view of the directive of the State Government. They include: Medical and Pharmaceutical Personnel, Food and Beverages, Essential Oil and Gas Staff, Petroleum Products and Media Workers and Newspaper Distributors. All these categories of staff must identify themselves with valid identity cards.