Every Adult in Nigeria deserves to own a car of his/her choice. In a developed country like the United State where we buy cars from, you don’t require to have all the money before you own a car. All you need is to approach your bank and tell them the kind of car you need. After checking your credit report and they are satisfied that it is good, then you qualify to pick any of your choice car from any car dealer. Your insurance company will thereafter work it out with your bank while you get placed on mortgage for five years. Even if the car gets involved in an accident during this process, they will still collect it from you and give you another brand new car. Buying a car from an auction company can be very interesting sometimes. The difference between the rich and the poor is just access to information and exposure. This information and exposure with regards to how to buy a car through our platform in Nigeria is what we are going to discuss shortly. It is the car dealers in Nigeria that make buying cars too difficult for the masses because of cost of shipping and clearing of the vehicles. A smart man will buy through a licensed auctioneer because car auction prices are always cheaper and you can expect to have your car processed and delivered within 6 weeks. Let us take Toyota Corolla as a case study. In Nigeria, the best price for the so called clean Toyota Corolla 2007 is 2.2 million (check jiji.ng). Now, do you know that you can buy the same car via auto auction for less than $2000 (N720,000). Afterward, you will ship through the best shipping company (Grimardli or Sallum Shipping line) for less than $1000 (N360,000). Trucking from the auction location to the shipping company will cost less than N144,000 (DEPENDING ON THE LOCATION) and the clearing cost for this car is N400,000(DEPENDING ON THE YEAR OF THE CAR). If you calculate this cost from A –Z it is less than N1,700,000 and this means that a dealer is single handedly making a profit of over N500,000 on a particular vehicle. Do you also know that most of those cars advertising on some of those local websites are upgraded cars? Do you know that they can remove the body of TOYOTA CAMRY 2008(MUSCLE) or Honda Accord 2008(EVIL SPIRIT) and replace it with 2012 parts to make it look like it is EXACT a 2012 model? . It is obvious that car auction prices pays. The good news is that auction cars are durable because you will know the secret of the car you are buying and thus, don’t end up buying flood or bad damaged vehicle all because you want to see the car you are buying on the car lot in Nigeria. It is important that one needs to be careful and that is why you need to visit our office to interact with our customer service representative to get more information. Why not wait 6 weeks and get a car that will give you absolute rest of mind for the next 4 years and even longer. Below are the reasons why you should buy car through our platform. It allows you to know the history of the car you are buying.
It allows you to know the true pictures of the Odometers/Mileage.
It allows you to differentiate between a Flood car, Salvage car and Clean title car.
It allows you to know the condition of the Engine and air-conditioning system.
It allows you to distinguish between the car they sell here in Nigeria and the one we will auction/import for you from the United State of America.
Below is how our services work: Search for any car of your choice on www.copart.com or www.iaai.com. Send us the Name, model and year of the LOT NUMBER link E.g https://www.copart.com/lot/27691579 of the car you are interested in, or we can help you search and send you two different pictures and you will have to choose anyone you like but we may have to advise you on your budget and also advise professionally on any car you choose. Before we start up the auction process for you, a refundable deposit of N180,000 has to be made to confirm that we are dealing with a serious client. You pay for only PURCHASE which is 30% and also our professional fees after we have won the bid. Our company shall be responsible for TRUCKING the car to the port. SHIPPING and CLEARING will require the payment of the 70% balance of the car price. The invoice and DOCK RECEIPT shall be sent to you after the delivery to the car to the shipper within 7 days. We shall then send you the bill of lading after 3-4 weeks and our delivery duration is 40 days as we ship by Grimardli and other shipping companies. You can also make payment directly to the auction from Nigeria if you want.
These are the benefits our company has for clients compared to what other dealers in Nigeria will offer you: We make sure we buy cars that are affordable and also fit your budget. Do you know that you can get any TOYOTA products or any type of product for a low budget? We will teach you how it works. We have been in existence for more than 4 years. You just have to trust our company and be ready to work with us. If not, you will keep spending a lot on car dealers. We understand that you might be skeptical lest we abscond with your money while you are awaiting the arrival of the car. We only require a security deposit of N180, 000 (Refundable fee) or 10% of the total budget for the car to kick-start the process and to be sure that we are dealing with a serious client. This deposit can be called back if you change your mind, we will honorably refund it provided we have not already placed a bid and won the car in the auction.
We will buy a car that has a SECURED AIRBAG. Do you know that 72% of cars you find on Nigerian roads do not have Airbags? These are the cheapest cars in auction and that is what the dealers will sell for you after fixing them in Nigeria. They do this because some people just want to buy any car they see irrespective of the condition. We also make sure that we do not buy a front damaged car for you. Also, do you know that 34% of the cars in Nigeria has a flood history and that is why the air-conditioner will never work perfectly. Ordinarily, a good car should have a chilly air-conditioner.
At AWOOF CAR COMPANY, we will never buy a severely damaged vehicle for you but you can get a car that has a dent at the back and not in the front because of the engine as advised above. Any car that has been involved in a head-on collision, there is always the tendency that the engine would have been affected during the accident. Actually, up to 80% of cars in Nigeria has a history of being front damaged.
It is time to stop concluding that a car is good when the body is neat rather it is time to start looking at the above-stated reasons. Basically, the car we import will serve you for the next 4 years and above if you know how to maintain a car as they sometimes come with a MANUAL although this is not in all cases. It is important to note at this juncture that these cars are like new ones but that have been used by a few persons in the United State and you will see the history through the VIN CHECK REPORT. We want to thank those who have done business with us from Port Harcourt, Abuja and Northern Nigeria and those who have visited our office. Those that have sent money without coming and those who have just placed their orders. We kindly urge you all to keep referring us to your relatives, friends, colleagues, and associates. Please note that all payments must be made only to the company’s bank account and not to any individual’s bank account. For those people asking us if we have cars below N1,000,000, the answer is NO! There are some things that will never be possible; even if we buy the car for 200$, IT WILL NEVER BE POSSIBLE to complete the whole process for a price below N1,000,000. Please be careful when you are informed that you can get a car from auction including the whole process for a ridiculous amount. Please note that we don’t have cars below 2003 model. Visit our website today to get started, or walk into our main office in Lagos to interact with our experienced Customer Service Officer. AWOOF CAR AUCTION LIMITED. 35B ABISOGUN LEIGH, OGBA IKEJA, Lagos @back of excellence hotel. Customer Service: 01-2911515, 08023851599 WhatsApp- 08023851599 Website- www.awoofcarsauction.com Email- info@awoofcarsauction.com Stop wasting money on Nigeria used car
Why do you have to keep wasting money on car dealers
Your Mechanic a landlord, you are a tenant, as you have a bad car