The Nigerian Army has said Boko Haram and Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) leaders were in conflict over troops elimination of more terrorists. Col. Aminu Iliyasu, the Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator, said this in a statement on Sunday. He noted that troops have sustained the recent defeat on insurgents in Damboa and Garkida towns of Borno and Adamawa States, respectively. Iliyasu noted that the defeat has continued to widen the cracks and animosities exposed recently within the ranks and files of the Boko Haram. “This is providing the troops with the much needed tonic to continue to decimate the terrorists in a bid to expeditiously end their obnoxious activities. “It could be recalled that on March 11, the gallant troops of Strong Response Area Gubio successfully repelled a Boko Haram criminals’ attack. “During the encounter, the troops dealt a decisive blow on the marauding criminals, neutralised two of them and captured one AK47 Rifle. “Subsequent exploitation by the troops along the withdrawal route of the insurgents in the early hours of March 12 led to the discovery of additional five shattered bodies of the terrorists from the encounter. “One burnt Boko Haram terrorists Gun Truck, one PKT Machine Gun, two AK 47 rifles, three AK 47 rifle magazines and 67 rounds of 7.62mm special ammunition were also recovered,” he said. Iliyasu revealed that two Boko Haram terrorists: Musa Mohammed 21-year-old and Maina Liman 35-year-old surrendered to the troops of 202 Battalion at Tashan Goto in Bama Local Government Area on March 5. He said that the surrendered terrorists confessed that they worked for Nakib (a Boko Haram Captain) at Bula Umar village. The Army spokesman further disclosed that the troops recovered two AK47 rifles with magazines and eight rounds of 7.62mm special ammunition from the surrendered terrorists. He added that the surrendered terrorists further revealed that a number of their members were killed by the troops in recent times. Iliyasu said the surrendered insurgents hinted that many of their members were wandering in the forest and willing to surrender to troops because they are tired. “They also regretted their involvement in the act of insurgency while calling on their former collaborators to also take the bold step to renounce and submit themselves to the authorities of the Nigerian Army. “In a related development; on March 8, another Boko Haram terrorist, Bulama Modu Zantaliye surrendered to troops of 151 Battalion deployed at Strong Response Area, Banki Junction. “Preliminary investigation reveals that the surrendered terrorist belongs to the Shekau faction. “He (the surrendered insurgents) also called on his former colleagues to tow the path of sanity and surrender themselves to troops of the Nigerian Army as their safety and security are guaranteed.