The Movement for the Actualization of Sovereign State Of Biafra (MASSOB) at the weekend berated the governors of the south-east for failing to control the internal security in the zone, which according to them has resulted in killings of hundreds of Innocent citizens by herdsmen. The group made this known in a statement signed by MASSOB leadership, Comrade Uchenna Madu and Comrade Edeson Samuel, National Director Of Information and forwarded to DAILY POST in Abakaliki, the capital of Ebonyi State. The statement reads: “The Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State Of Biafra (MASSOB) after our National meeting presided by our leader, Comrade Uchenna Madu at our National Secretariat, frowned at the ineffectiveness and inability of the southeast governors in controlling of internal security of lives and property of our people in their respective states. “We are not happy because we don’t see any proactive or precautionary measures in safeguarding the future survival of our people in Nigeria. “MASSOB sees full war of genocide and bloody ethnic cleansing coming to Biafra land by Fulani jihadist army backed by the Islamist caliphate of West Africa. “South East governors and other political leaders of Igbo land must shrewd off the mentality and complex of inferiority, cowardice and nonchalantly and rise towards the expectations of Ndigbo. “Our governors must stop playing the servant and servitude role of pleasing the Abuja cabals that runs the presidency of Nigeria Federal government to the detrimental loss of our people. “The security of lives and property of Ndigbo and the future survival of our people is sacrosanct. The security situation of Igbo land is highly tensed, the consciousness of resistance, defence and fighting back is also highly reawakened among the people of Biafra. “It is very unfortunate that our governors are shying away from these catastrophic security realities in Igbo land, they don’t care about the security of lives and properties of their subjects which should be their priority. “We are calling on the South East governors to sit up now and emulate the eloquent and proactive measures of their counterparts from South West that defiled high levels of pressure and intimidation from federal government, went ahead to establish their regional security outfit called Amotekun in their own traditional language. “MASSOB advised the southeast governors not to allow their individual interest and future political ambitions derail them from the overall interest that will safeguard the survival of our people in Nigeria. Our governors should stop allowing the presidency of the federal government to decide our future. “MASSOB and other pro-Biafra organizations are always willing and ever ready to defend Biafra land. Our governors have refused to imbibe the spirit of Great Akanu Ibiam, Michael I. Okpara and Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu. “MASSOB commend the leadership of Ohaneze Ndigbo led by Chief Nnia Nwodo over their positive and eloquent stand on regional security of Igbo land. Ohaneze Ndigbo indeed has done what our governors are shying away from,” the group stated.