A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Asiwaju Rotimi Ajanaku has said that former Governor of the state, Mr. Abiola Ajimobi, remains the best candidate to fill the position of the Deputy National Chairman (South) of APC if the party must survive beyond 2023. Ajanaku made this declaration while reacting to the criticisms that have trailed the nomination of the immediate past Governor of the state as Deputy National Chairman (South) of the APC. DAILY POST gathered that some members of the party including the immediate past Deputy Governor, Mr. Moses Adeyemo and other ‘kitchen’ cabinet members of the immediate past Governor had earlier kicked against Ajimobi’s nomination. Some members of the party in Ekiti state have also kicked against Ajimobi’s nomination. But, Ajanaku while reacting, insisted that Ajimobi is a personality capable of bringing sanity and stability to the party ahead of 2023 general elections. He maintained that, if truly APC intends to survive beyond 2023 as against the prediction of some members that the party would cease to exist by 2023, then a leader who wouldn’t be easily manipulated like Ajimobi should be elected as Deputy National Chairman (South) of the party. Ajanaku while addressing journalists on Tuesday in Ibadan, the state capital, cautioned aggrieved party members opposing the nomination of the former governor of Oyo State and advised them to tread with caution. He said, “The nomination of Senator Abiola Ajimobi for the vacant position of the party’s Deputy National Chairman, South it is a good development. In actual fact, if competency would be considered above all Ajimobi remains number one contender and he is the best for the position putting every variable into consideration. “There are some qualities we can’t take away from him, whether we like or hate him. He is a leader with distinct values, highly intelligent, very brave, he has good health, he can work round the clock and he has joined the respected club of “statesmen”. Ajimobi can’t be intimidated by anyone. If truly we want our party to survive beyond 2023 as against the prediction of some members that the party would cease to exist by 2023, then a leader who wouldn’t be easily manipulated should be elected”. He called on those opposing Ajimobi’s nomination to allow peace to reign. He advised them to put their differences aside and work together to put a competent man at the helm of affairs to lead the southern regions to enviable level. “As humans, we all are free to our opinions and choices, of course, that’s the beauty of democracy. However, the interest of our people, especially our future, that is, the youths of this region must be given consideration above our personal interest. Though we have differences, but the ability to resolve our differences amicably and move on progressively distinguished us from other lower animals. Ajanaku also advised Ajimobi to see himself as a father to all, not Oyo APC members alone but including those from other southern states and Nigeria in general. “With the new responsibilities, my advice to his Excellency is not to relent on his efforts to bring together every APC member, get every rancour or dispute settled and ensure peace reign among members, not only in Oyo State but all the southern states and even other parts of the country.