Indications emerged Wednesday that despite agreeing to a community policing projects as proposed by the Federal Government, as its own way of fighting insecurity in the South East Zone, governors of the zone will soon adopt a name for her own regional security outfit. Mr Oseloka Obaze, a diplomat and former Peoples Democratic Party candidate for the Anambra Governorship election in 2017, stated this in an interview with journalists in Awka. Obaze, who stated that a lot of consultation has been done on it by leaders of the zone, and that an agreement has been reached to choose a name for the regional security outfit, just as the South west governors choose Amotekun. “I cannot tell you the name that was agreed on, but very soon you will get to hear of it,” he said. He said, “From outside looking in, it might seem that the southeast governors are not doing enough. But I am aware that they are fully engaged. I also know that the southeast people as well as Ohaneze Ndigbo are pushing them to be overtly proactive in order to reassure Ndigbo that Igboland is secure. “The Southeast Security Committee is also hard at work. From a policy perspective, one-size security arrangement will not fit every regional need. The southwest, northeast, southeast and southsouth regions all have their respective security needs and peculiarities. “As such, each zone must fashion out what works best for them with a view to securing their respective zones. Whatever the states or regions plan to do, must however be done in partnership with the Federal Government to ensure synergy.” He added that, “The Southwest Governors have teamed up to do their bit. The North has come up with its own model. Now it is up to the Southeast Governors to do their part, taking into account peculiarities and needs of the southeast region. But they cannot do so unilaterally under the present circumstances. “Ultimately, the southeastern states, which by the way have their respective state vigilante outfits, will have to rally together. What might be different is that they will have better inter-state command, coordination, as well as agreed response modalities. “I will not tell you now what has been agreed, but expect that the code name will be announced soon, and the operational modalities. It will be a name that will be acceptable to all, and one which everyone can connect with.”