The Ondo State Police Command on Thursday paraded suspected criminals alleged to have been terrorizing various parts of the state. Among the suspects paraded at the state’s police headquarters were four armed robbers identified as Lucky Ofanyi, Daniel Okhio Godwin Friday Billy and Femi Adesanya who confessed to have killed a 45-year-old man in Ifon, headquarters of Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State around December, 2019. According to the four suspects, their motive was not to kill the victim identified as Bayo Orogun when they tried to rob him but the situation at his residence at No 1 Adebayo Orogun Close, off Express road in Ifon became changed when he struggled with them.  “We scaled the fence in his compound, through the kitchen window into the house when he (Bayo Orogun) and his family were asleep. “We went straight to the bedroom where he was sleeping with his wife and shot him three times and he died immediately.” According to the suspects, they were caught by detectives after they were tracked through the two mobile phones which they took from the house during the robbery. While parading the suspects, the police spokesperson, ASP Tee-Leo Ikoro also hinted that some armed robbers and kidnappers were arrested.  ASP Ikoro said, “on 15/12/2019 at about 0400hrs, one Rev. Ayodele Oduola Abel ‘m’ of Uro Quarters Ajowa Akoko reported at Oke-Agbe Police Station that on the said date at about OlOOhr’s a gang Of Armed Robbers invaded his house and robbed him of the following items: two laptops, cash sum of Ninety Thousand Naira (N90,000.00), Nokia handset and one Toyota Sienna Bus with Reg. No SMK 13:1 AX. “On receipt of the case from Oke Agbe Division, Detectives swung into action and arrested one Olayinka Bankole ‘m’ Aged 54 of Fajuyi Street, Ado Ekiti and Abiodun Samuel ‘m’ Aged 59′ of No. 51 Eyigaga Egbe, Kogi State, the following items were recovered from them: one Sienna bus with Reg. SMK 131 AX and one highlander Jeep with Reg. No. MPA 128 AA. On interrogation the suspects confessed to the commission of the crime and will soon be arraigned in court.”  He added that “on the 28th of February, 2020 at 1130hrs at Kajola Street off Oda Road, Akure, one Olusanya Folasade ‘f’ reported that her one month old baby girl by name Oluwadarasimi Olusanya was stolen by one Deborah Onuh ‘f’ of about 20 years old with the ‘pretext to play with her. The suspect was later arrested at Okpoh in Olamaboro Local Government Area of Kogi State four days after the incident. The suspect confessed to the crime. She had been charged to court.”