Nigeria now has 10 new cases of the new coronavirus. The total number of cases in Africa’s most populous nation is now 22. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, tweeted this update on Saturday. He said “Nigeria has recorded 10 new cases of #COVID19 in Lagos and FCT,” “That is a total of 22 cases in Nigeria”, he added. Currently, Lagos State has 16 cases, while the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) has three cases. Ogun and Ekiti State have two and one cases respectively. “Two have been discharged,” the Minister said. Ehanire assured that all cases are clinically stable and receiving adequate care. Coronavirus has killed nearly 7,000 people globally in 3 months. Speaking further in a statement, the Minister of Health said all 10 new cases are Nigerian nationals. 9 of them have travel history to Canada, France, Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom. He said they returned to the country in the past 1 week; the 10th case is a close contact of a previously confirmed case. It notes that the 3 cases in the FCT are being treated at the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital (UATH), Gwagwalada, while the 7 new cases in Lagos are being treated at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH), Yaba. “The Federal Government of Nigeria remains committed to working with states to provide optimal care for all confirmed COVID-19 cases in the country. Contact tracing is ongoing to identify all persons who have been in contact with the new confirmed cases. “The Port Health Services of the Federal Ministry of Health has heightened screening at all air, land and sea points of entry into Nigeria and adapted the protocols to reflect the travel guidance issued by the Presidential Task Force on the Control of Coronavirus (COVID-19). “The National Emergency Operations Centre (EOC) led by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) supported by partners continues to coordinate response activities and strengthen preparedness capacity across states nationwide. “An intensive national risk communications campaign is ongoing to inform Nigerians about COVID-19. The Federal Ministry of Health (FMoH) working closely with states and the Presidential Task Force on the Control of Coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to review response activities and institute measures to protect the health of Nigerians.”