Justice E. A Obile of the Federal High Court sitting in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, has remanded Ebioenang Monday George in prison custody over charges of fraud by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. The remand order was issued following George’s arraignment by the Port Harcourt Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on 23 counts of forgery and obtaining by false pretence. George through his company, Bravem Service Limited, was said to have posed as a staff of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, and allegedly obtained N37 million from his victim in the guise of helping to supply them with two barrels of Bonny Light Crude. The defendant, who was docked alongside his company, Bravem Services Limited, however, pleaded not guilty to the charges. One of the counts reads: “That you Ebioenang Monday George being the managing director of Bravem Services Limited on or about the 11th March, 2015 at Port Harcourt, Rivers State within the jurisdiction of this Honorable Court, with intent to defraud did obtain the sum of N19,000,000.00 (Nineteen Million Naira) from I C S Energy Limited through your Company’s account, Bravem Services Limited domiciled in First Bank Plc with account number 2016700822 by false pretence, when you presented yourself as a staff of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and capable of selling one Cargo carrying Two Million Barrels of Bonny Light Crude Oil, a pretence you knew to be false and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 1(1) b of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Related Offences Act. No 14 of 2006 and punishable under Section 1(3) of the same Act”. In view of the defendant’s plea, prosecuting counsel N . A. Dodo urged the court to fix a date for commencement of trial but defense Counsel N . A Obiecheton prayed the Court for a short adjournment to enable her file an application for the bail of the defendant. Justice Obile ordered that the 1st defendant be remanded in Port Harcourt Correctional Centre while the matter was adjourned to April 7, 2020 for commencement of trial.