As part of measures to contain the coronavirus pandemic, the Delta State Governor, Arthur Ifeanyi Okowa on Thursday, shutdown all land borders, airport, business malls, supermarkets and shops in the State. The governor announced the closure in his statewide broadcast today. He said, “My Dear Deltans,
This is the third time I am addressing you on the coronavirus pandemic. “As promised, we have continued to monitor and review developments concerning this global pandemic on a daily if not hourly basis. “Although, there has been no confirmed case in Delta, nevertheless, we deem it fit to take further measures to avert any outbreak or contain its spread if it occurs. “Consequently, after a meeting with the Central Committee on Managing/Containing the Coronavirus Pandemic headed by me, several far-reaching decisions were made, and I hereby order as follows:
Asaba airport is to close to traffic effective from Friday, March 27, 2020, by 6 pm. “All land borders into and out of Delta are to be shut effective 6 am, Sunday, March 29, 2020. “All businesses-malls, supermarkets, markets and shops -are to close from Wednesday, April 1, 2020.
All residents in the State are to stay at home from Wednesday, April 1, 2020. “Food sellers are to conduct their businesses within the precinct of their homes and are required to strictly adhere to the social distancing rules. “Deltans are advised that there will be increased security presence on the streets and land borders to ensure strict compliance with these directives. “These restrictions are for two weeks in the first instance but do not apply to persons providing essential services namely; “Security, Healthcare (Pharmacies are to remain open), Water, Fire
Power, Essential Departments of Media Houses, Essential Departments of Telecommunications companies. Officials of these agencies/companies must carry valid identification tags to ensure easy identification and smooth passage.” The governor urge all Deltans to adjust to the new normal and cooperate with the Government and law enforcement agencies. According to Governor Okowa, “Drastic as these measures may seem, they are for our collective good. At the same time, we must keep on praying to God to save us from the seismic effects of this global pandemic.”