Former Deputy Governor of Delta State, Prof. Amos Agbe Utuamah today said the State lacks the “political will and perhaps the resource and competencies for purposeful implementation of the Delta State “Urban and Regional Planning Law of 2003” especially in addressing the unsustainable urban and rural communities of the State that are characterized by several socioeconomic, infrastructure and service deficits. Prof. Utuamah made the assertion while speaking at a public lecture in Delta State While lamenting the deficits in the state, Prof. Utuamah, however, said a Public-Private Partnership strategy provides a possible solution to change the narrative. According to Prof. Utuamah, “The Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission Act could be domesticated by the State. “This will provide the Urban and Regional Planning Board and Local Planning Authorities the power to apply a PPP strategy in the performance of their respective functions under the law so as to be able to harness the resources and competencies of both Public/Private sector for its implementation. “This must mean that the Governor should ensure that all the 25 Local Planning Authorities are duly constituted and functional. “The board and Authorities should be allowed to discharge their respective planning responsibilities as prescribed by the law. In this regard the judgment in Golo&Sons Ltd & another V. Mr. G.O. Onoh Area Planning Officers & Others in Suit No. HCA/4/2018(unreported) of the High Court of Justice Orho-Agbarho that both Local Planning Authorities and Board have authority to enforce physical development control over land in Urban area appears questionable. ” Section.34(3) gives the Board, through its control department, the powers to control physical developments on State Land and Government estates. “On the other hand, section 34(4) stipulates that the control department of an Authority has the power over the control of all physical developments in its area of jurisdiction other than the Federal/State Lands. ” These subsections define and assign separate power of physical development control over State land and Government estates and land within the jurisdiction of a local Authority respectively while Federal/State lands are expressly excluded.”