A 49-year-old indigene of Anambra State, Mr Ikechukwu Atansi has reportedly killed his wife, Mrs Uchechi Atansi, during a fight in their home in Amawbia, Awka South Local Government Area. The state police command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Haruna Mohammed who stated this in a press release said neighbours of the couple reported that a dangerous stench emitting from the apartment of the couple drew public attention. He said, “On the 26/3/2020 at about 8:30am, distress call was received by the Central Police Station Awka that unusual odour was perceived by the neighbours oozing out from the room of one Ikechukwu Atansi ‘m’ at Chimas House Ezimezi, Amawbia. “Following the report, Police patrol team led by DPO Central Police Station, Awka, CSP Chuks Nwoke rushed to the scene, opened the door and discovered a decomposing body of a woman who was later identified as Mrs Uchechi Atansi ‘f’ aged 31 years.” Haruna also revealed that while the deceased hails from Enugwu-Agidi, her husband hails from Umudum village in Isuanochia. He added that there were marks of violence all over the lifeless body of Uchechi and blood was also spilled all over the room. He added that it was strongly suspected that she was killed by her husband, who was also found in the room. He said, “Consequently, photographs of the victim as well as the scene were taken and corpse removed and deposited at Amaku General hospital mortuary for autopsy after it was confirmed dead by a medical doctor. “Surprisingly however, the deceased husband one Mr Ikechukwu Atansi ‘m’ aged 49 years of Umudum village in Isuanochia was right inside the room with the deceased when the door was opened and could not give a satisfactory account of what actually transpired. “Instead, the husband claimed that he was injected with a substance by unknown persons who according to him must have killed his wife.The husband was subsequently arrested, and he is assisting the Police with useful information to unravel the circumstances surrounding the incident. “Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police CP John B. Abang, has ordered for immediate transfer of the case to the State Criminal investigation department(CID) Awka for discreet investigation please.”