Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State said the rifle of the Customs officer who was reportedly killed in a clash with smugglers in Imasayi, Yewa North Local Government Area of the state was stolen. DAILY POST reported earlier that a policeman was killed during an encounter with suspected smugglers in the state. Governor Abiodun said a manhunt has been launched on the suspect, who he said also made away with the slain officer’s weapon. The Governor, while calling for restraint in the use of lethal arms by law enforcement officers in Ogun, said he had to intervene in the unrest that erupted in Imasayi, when a Joint Task Force (JTF), comprising the Army, Police, Customs, Immigration and the DSS had a face-off with the youths of the community. A statement issued by the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Kunle Somorin, on Sunday, added that talks are ongoing towards apprehending the suspects who allegedly killed a uniformed officer in the melee. “Already, the manhunt as at this morning has yielded result with the recovery of the said snatched rifle, while efforts to identify and arrest the culprits continue under the strict directive of the Governor. “Fortunately, suspects already arrested in connection with this criminal act are giving useful information that would lead to the arrest of the main suspect,” the statement said. Governor Abiodun urged law enforcement agents to exercise restraint and be humane in carrying out their duties. He, however, warned that his government will not condone assault on any serving officer of the law enforcement agents, “who daily sacrifice their private lives to serve the public.” He commiserates with families of the slain officer and promised that no stone would be left unturned to unearth the circumstances of the crisis. The Governor also called on law-abiding residents of the community to go about their usual activities, as peace has since returned to the axis with the presence of Riot Policemen and officers of the Nigerian Army. “Investigation will continue until the murder suspect and other culpable persons are apprehended,” the statement concluded.