The Unveiling and Rebranding Nigeria Initiative, URNI, has said that the country can tackle its security challenges through the use of internet. Abdulkadir Lawal, the URNI Programme Manager, stated this while fielding questions from DAILY POST on the spate of insecurity in the country, pointing out that the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, and the National Identity Management Commission, NIMC, could serve as major tools in the fight to eliminate terrorists, bandits and kidnappers. Lawal explained that there is need to create a central data base to link the NIMC, and the necessary security outfits whereby, Nigerians can allowed access to such information. “We have different experts, with the zeal to intervene as Nigerians, and we also need to do what we can collectively. If everyone contributes various quotas to the general development of the country, we would achieve a milestone,” he began. “Nigeria is the fourth largest internet user in the world. “So, we can imagine what the internet could do if we go online to project the good image of our country first and foremost. “There is a communication regulator, Nigerian Communication Commission, NCC, which can set up a platform or platforms where Nigerians can lay complaints about threat to our national security because the perpetrators of these evil acts are not aliens from space. “Therefore, there is need to create a central data base to link National Identity Management Commission, NIMC, and the necessary security outfits whereby, Nigerians can alarm such information,” Lawal added. “We also have to adopt the ‘Multiple Identification System which is novel in the world of technology employed by many countries where in cases of search of an individual or group of persons, the central data base immediately opens up and starts to trace such images and give detail footages of such information. “It’s simply a rapid exchange of information between the government and the people.” He said the citizens must show patriotism to their country by making sure they expose such criminal activities whenever they noticed them. He advised Nigerians to think Nigeria first, adding that this is the area the citizens can assist the government. “To state the truth, we are all connected in the country, so if all of us work collectively, we would start building up a better Nigeria,” he maintained . Asked if the government had done enough to tackle the security situation in the country, Lawal added, “I think the government is trying its best but I think more should be done like bringing in technology to combat the menace, with modern infrastructure like what is known as, Geographical Information System, GIS. “If the government can complement its efforts with the GIS, the issue of insecurity will become history. “It’s a special information system that goes beyond tracking events but also tells you where those things take place all around the biosphere.”