Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq, the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has called on top ministers of God in the country to come out now and show the world that there is God. The call came as the number of cases of Coronavirus disease keeps increasing in the country. In chat with DAILY POST on Friday, Bamgbose, a Lagos-based legal practitioner, said he “will expect Pastor Adeboye, Pastor Kumuyi, E. A Adeboye, Bishop David Oyedepo and other Ministers of God to come out and tell Nigerians the way out.” Recall that Pastor Adeboye had during his live service on Sunday, said that God showed him the current situation of things in the globe. But Bamgbose insisted that same God that showed him the vision should have told him the way out, adding that “It’s time for men of God to prove that they are true men of God.” “They can’t claim to be men of God if they can’t hear from Him. They should speak out and tell Nigerians the way out. If nothing is done, churches and mosques can be closed down,” the senior lawyer added. He said these men must prove to Nigerians that they are truly men of God, adding that when something similar happened in the Bible and serpents were biting the Israelis, “God spoke to Moses about the solution and that was the end of it, those who were bitten by serpents were healed as prescribed by God.” “Nigerians want to hear from them. Pastor Adeboye said he foresaw it but for interpol, he didn’t talk. With due respect, if truly God showed him, that same God should tell him the way out. It’s time for men of God to prove that they are true men of God,” he maintained. “These are times that try men’s soul. The time has come for religious leaders in Nigeria, Christian and Moslem, to prove that they truly know God. In the Bible, when there was a serious famine, Elisha came to the rescue. “Except if they are telling Nigerians that God is limited in His power, which is not true. This is not a time to dance around the subject, they should ask God to reveal to them the solution. “Standing on the pulpit is not enough, they should tell us the mind of God about the way out of this pandemic. Lives are being lost on daily basis. “People are testing positive everyday. It’s time for men of God to come out of their comfort zones and tell us the way out. Many pastors who do not want to abide by the government directives may be considering that offerings won’t be available as usual. “This is not godly. The lives of the worshipers should be of of paramount importance to them, not money. The men of God should speak out. The nation should be in prayer mood,” he said.