The Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, has point out some mistakes made by both the state and federal government in their efforts towards tackling Coronavirus in Nigeria. NMA observed that certain key strategies have been “largely absent or sub-optimally implemented” by both the states and Federal Government in their fight against Coronavirus pandemic. It insisted that there is no effective coordination between the state and federal government as regards to the issue of COVID-19. In a statement by its Dr. Francis Faduyile, NMA lamented that both federal and state governments were working independently to curb the spread of the pandemic in Nigeria. The statement reads: “The COVID-19 outbreak in Nigeria confirmed on February 28, 2020, in Lagos has since spread around the country. As at today, there are 51 cases in 9 states of the Federation, including the FCT. At the onset of the pandemic, recall that the World Health Organisation (WHO) advised nations with weak health systems which Nigeria falls under, to start preparing to contain the pandemic. “The Nigerian Medical Association wishes to appreciate the effort being put in so far by government at all levels to contain the pandemic of COVID-19 in Nigeria. The NMA however notes that certain key strategies have been largely absent or sub-optimally implemented. The most important of this being effective coordination between the federal and state governments as well as other stakeholders which will ensure that efforts are not wasted, knowledge and health intelligence are shared for better results. “NMA particularly observes that going by what is put out in the various media, the relevant federal and states’ authorities are working independently thus leaving several grounds uncovered.” Faduyile, however, called for collective action between the federal, state governments and relevant stakeholders in the fight against the virus. “The Association further notes that a more result oriented situation would be one where the federal and the states are comparing notes, sharing intelligence and taking a uniform stand on issues like modalities for effective implementation of interrupting the chain of transmission (social distancing), case detection, contact tracing and self- isolation. These lapses have resulted in the recent cases where some individuals who defaulted the self-quarantine directives and went about mixing freely with the public,” he said. He further lamented the absence of “purpose-built isolation centres, unlike in the not too distant past where Infectious Diseases Hospitals existed in every States of the Federation. To make matters worse, in most of our hospitals, there is severe inadequacy of critical care facilities like purpose-built Intensive Care Units (ICU). “These ICUs with Ventilators/artificial respirators makes the difference between life and death in complications from Covid-19. It is scary that the dearth of these facilities is the same in all the 36 States and the FCT.” Faduyile advocated for the immediate commencement of supervised self-isolation in a way that would protect health workers. “Given these defaults/inadequacies, NMA therefore calls for immediate commencement of supervised self-isolation in any manner that will protect public health. This would ensure that returnees from the countries with high prevalence will adhere to instructions and confine themselves to a location in order to protect members of the public. Physical visits by the designated officials to the returnees to track their locations, taking their vital signs and those of each of their contacts rather than voluntary reports of failing health and serial testing of their samples will deliver better results,” he said. The Association further calls on the Federal Government to immediately commence a “strategic partnership/collaboration with the states and their relevant organisations on day-to-day basis as the weakest link in the chain can rubbish every effort of the stronger parts. Working together eliminates this. This partnership and cooperation will be most needed in the area of technical support and funding.”