An Osun Magistrate court sitting in Osogbo on Monday ordered the remand of six accused persons Tobiloba Jolaosho, 27; Ladiva Aije, 22; Juliet Semion, 24; Ahmed Olasunkanmi, 23; Adeniran Eritosin, 29; and Tunde Jimoh 27 over alleged recording obscene publication at the Osun-Osogbo shrine. The accused persons were arrested for shooting a sex movie inside Osun-Osogbo sacred shrine and sharing it on social media. It was gathered that one of the accused persons, Tobiloba on July 25, at about 12:30 pm dressed like an Osun custodian with a naked woman, shooting a porn film at the UNESCO site. The Police Prosecutor, Idoko John told the court that Tobiloba and his accomplice committed the crime in an international worship ground, which could tarnish the image of the religion. In a charge sheet read in the court, the accused persons are being prosecuted for acting a film which appeared on the face of it to bear a pornographic picture of Young girls who were half-naked and thereafter published or sent for public consumption. The prosecutor alleged that the accused persons did conspire amongst themselves to act at the Osun-Osogbo traditional and religious ground and commit a misdemeanour to wit insult to religion. Idoko further alleged that the accused persons unlawfully damaged window louvres of the police station. He stated that the offence committed by the accused persons was contrary to and punishable under 516,233,517,451 Cap 34 Vol ll Law of Osun State 2002. The six accused persons pleaded not guilty to the allegations slammed against them. One of the accused told the court that they only went to the shrine for excursion and only took pictures. Defence Counsel, Tunbosun Oladipupo applied for the bail of the accused persons in most liberal terms saying that the allegations are bailable offences. The prosecutor in his swift reaction to the bail grant said that the accused persons are not residents of Osogbo and their location is not known by the police and one of them is a Cameroonian. He said if they are granted bail they are likely to cause a breach of peace of the state and can commit the similar offence. In his ruling, Magistrate Isola Omisade ordered the remand of the six accused persons in Ilesa correctional centre. He adjourned the matter till September 17, 2020, for ruling on bail.