The Executive Chairman of the Ekiti State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB), Professor Femi Akinwumi has commended contractors handling the four Model Schools initiated by Governor Kayode Fayemi for the quality and pace of work done on the project sites in the last one week Speaking with newsmen in Ado-Ekiti while monitoring the projects at the weekend, Akinwumi said with the pace of work done in the last one week, despite the unfavourable weather conditions, the contractors were certain to complete and deliver the projects as scheduled. Akinwumi expressed joy at the facilities being put in place in the model schools saying the Fayemi Administration was taking Basic Education a notch higher in Nigeria with the model schools under construction. “I am very impressed with what I have seen today. The interior and exterior works on the projects are going on as scheduled in spite of the inclement weather. The landscaping of the whole environment as well as the finishing, the fittings and painting works are also going on smoothly. These are enduring projects that every Ekiti man would be proud of when completed in the next few weeks”, the SUBEB boss said. He promised that the state government would continue to support the contractors to enable them deliver the project as scheduled. The Chairman who later monitored some ongoing UBEC/SUBEB Projects, however, expressed displeasure that some 2014/2015 UBEC/ SUBEB Projects in the state had not been completed. He consequently directed the Education Secretaries in the 16 Local Government Education Authorities to forward the list of such non-performing contractors to his office latest by Tuesday, 29th September. The construction works inspected over the weekend by the SUBEB Chairman and his team include amongst others Projects in three of the four Model Schools in Ado-Ekiti, Baptist Primary School and St Michael Nursery and Primary School Iyin-Ekiti, CAC Okeisegun Nursery and Primary School, Ido-Ekiti, St Philomena Nursery and Primary School, Itapa and Nawalrudeen Primary School, Aramoko-Ekiti.