Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Presidency, on Sunday said the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), demonstrated “right courage” to take recent decisions that led to hike in fuel price and electricity tariff among others. The Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu said such decisions were long overdue but successive governments before Buhari lacked courage to take bold decisions. 2. The Nigeria Army has moved to reassure residents of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, that they are on red alert to combat crime. A statement from the Nigeria Army signed by Coordinator Defence Media Operations, John Enenche, on Sunday, said: the Armed Forces of Nigeria working together with other security and response agencies particularly the core intelligence agencies hereby assure the general public that preventive and preemptive intelligence are ongoing. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari will Monday depart Nigeria for Niger Republic. President Buhari will be traveling to Niamey, Niger republic to participate in the 57th Ordinary Session of the ECOWAS Authority of Heads of State and Government. 4. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has told a Federal High Court in Abuja, that Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee (NWC) was sacked to ensure an end to the party’s internal crises. APC said the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee was constituted to put the platform back on track. 5. The federal government has disclosed that it spent N30.5billion on COVID-19 between 1st April, 2020 and 31st July, 2020. The Buhari administration stated that this represents 84 percent of the N36.3billon public funds and donations received, leaving the balance of N5.8billion. 6. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Sunday night, announced 100 new COVID-19 cases. The new cases were reported from 10 states – Lagos (39), FCT (22), Kaduna (19), Oyo (7), Ebonyi (6), Edo (3), Katsina (1), Ekiti (1), Bauchi (1), Nasarawa (1) bringing to to 55,0085 total cases in the country. 7. The Reverend Ezekiel Adeniran-led executive caretaker committee of African Democratic Congress (ADC) in Oyo State has been dissolved. A new set of State Executive Caretaker Committee has been inaugurated immediately after the former caretaker committee was dissolved at a mini-congress held in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital. 8. Suspected hoodlums and land-grabbers invaded Isiu palace on Sunday in Ikorodu, Lagos State, in a failed attempt to abduct the newly-installed monarch following sporadic gunshots at the premises. Report said the hoodlums came in dozens with dangerous weapons before the intervention of local vigilante groups that averted their evil plots and chased them away. 9. Three persons have been confirmed dead in Ondo State following alleged exposure to toxic waste. The deceased were suspected to have been killed by toxic waste allegedly discharged into a pit in Omotosho forest reserve by a Chinese manufacturing company (WeWood Company) in Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State. 10. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has flayed the Federal Government over the recent increase in the pump price of Premium Motor Spirit, PMS, otherwise known as petrol as well as the electricity tariff. The Akure zone of ASUU, which frowned over the development after its zonal meeting at the Federal University of Technology, Akure, FUTA, also condemned the proposed plans to re-open schools.