The People’s Democratic Party, Akwa Ibom State chapter has warned the All Progressives Congress in the state against hauling insults on the State governor, Mr Udom Emmanuel. It also threatened to institute legal actions if the APC continues unleashing invectives on the governor. The APC in a press conference on Wednesday accused Governor Emmanuel of publicly abusing and insulting its own leaders in the state adding that it would resort to hauling back the insults on him if he fails to desist from that. The APC’s warning was a direct reply to Governor Emmanuel’s alleged outburst against the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Ita Enang, during a live radio and television broadcast in Uyo. The APC statement reads, “If Governor Udom Emmanuel does not desist from insulting APC leaders, we shall resort to holding him in contempt and withdrawing whatever courtesies are due him. “We respect him for the office he occupies, but if he does not conduct himself in a manner deserving of such respect, we shall treat him with disdain and scorn, should he continue to denigrate our leaders in public.” But PDP in a statement by its Publicity Secretary, Borono Bassey, said any such action by the APC aimed at denigrating the person of the governor of the State would henceforth be visited with legal steps. According to the PDP statement, “We want to remind the APC that Akwa Ibom people had gotten used to their timetable for habitual noisemaking which comes once every four years during every governorship election season. “For the purpose of proper information, we announce to them that the political steam they may have noticed from the land of political banishment which they exist is a product of the forthcoming Local Government election. “Their non-existent political structures would earn them a beating at this kind of election should they make an effort to throw their torn hat into the ring. “Although the PDP has continued to land several slaps by way of electoral defeats on the face of the APC in Akwa Ibom state, we will not tolerate any form of denigrating murmurs on the person of the Governor of Akwa Ibom State. Such actions will be visited with grave legal steps”