The National Alliance for Development (NADEV) on Thursday accused President Muhammadu Buhari of incompetence in handling the affairs of Nigeria. NADEV made the remark while passing a vote of no confidence on Buhari over the increment in the pump price of petrol. A statement by NADEV’s Publicity Secretary, Barr. Dotun Hassan charged the Buhari-led administration to review the new price downwards. According to Hassan: “NADEV holds that the sudden announcement of the decision by the Federal Government of Nigeria to increase the pump prices of petroleum from the tolerated N145 to N162 per litre should be a matter of urgent national concern to all Nigerians. “NADEV is also worried that on the same day, the government announced a sudden increase of 200% in the tariff of electricity, a commodity that has remained incessantly unstable for decades. “We recall that since inception, the current government of President Muhammadu Buhari has increased the fuel pump prices more than five times in a country that is barely struggling to survive on a fast-dwindling economy. “We pass a vote of no confidence in the current administration of Muhammadu Buhari’s incompetent handling of the economy, national security and corruption. “We demand the immediate and unconditional downward review of the hiked fuel prices and electricity tariff. “Mobilize for an indefinite all Nigeria mass action to resist the hikes and all manifestations of government impunity if current administration grandstands on its grounds. “Send out a clarion call to all Nigerians, the civil society, human and civil rights groups, social and cultural groups to commence the immediate preparation for possible prolonged mass resistance to these hikes and other forms of impunity to commence on Tuesday, September 10, 2020.” Recall that the group, just last week called for the establishment of a National Plebiscite, Referendum Commission, amid the move for constitution review which would help resolve some of the challenges facing Nigerians.