The All Progressives Congress (APC) has condemned comments by former Vice President Atiku Abubakar and the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) on the hike of electricity and petrol prices. APC argued that Atiku’s position exposed his hypocrisy on many issues relating to the progress of Nigeria. Yekini Nabena, the spokesman, in a statement on Tuesday, said Atiku revealed “his two-facedness” and portrayed himself as “a man not only acutely lacking in integrity but one that should never be trusted.” APC noted that Atiku “continues to justify the majority of the Nigerian people who rejected him at the polls. This stems majorly from the fact that he was part of the government that created the corrupt petrol subsidy and the chaos in the electricity sector.” “A further portrayal of Atiku’s hypocrisy was his pretentious promise to deregulate the downstream petroleum sector by privatizing the NNPC. Atiku made the sale of NNPC to his friends and the deregulation of both the PMS and the electricity sector the hallmark of his 2019 presidential election misadventure.” APC recalled that Atiku argued at different forums in 2018 and early 2019 that NNPC and the power sector must be disbanded through privatization if they must be efficient. The party quoted Atiku as saying: “Privatising NNPC would be to our advantage. We are not going to lose anything, but we will rather gain a lot.” APC further stated that Atiku had promised to boost oil investment, cut subsidies if elected. Nabena referred to a June 2020 tweet wherein the former VP hailed the Buhari administration’s drive to remove subsidy on petrol. “Even Atiku’s Economic Adviser, Mustapha Chike-Obi, has the decency to hail the decision to remove subsidies for petrol and electricity.” APC said the PDP instituted subsidy regime and lacks the moral credentials to question an “honest and transparent move” by the Buhari-led administration. The party lamented that describing the deregulation of the price of petrol as cruel was rather sarcastic and tongue-in-cheek, given the pain Nigerians suffered on long queues at petrol stations under the PDP. The statement added that the PDP and Atiku’s outbursts exposed their “fraudulent character, plot to patronize Nigerians and make them suffer in perpetuity.” Nabena told Nigerians not to take reactions by the PDP and Atiku Abubakar seriously because they lack the decency required to guide Nigeria to the path of prosperity and progress. He added that the reviewed petroleum products pricing template has resulted in availability as well as a more transparent, efficient, realistic pricing system.