The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, has directed the CMDs and MDs of all Federal tertiary hospitals to replace striking resident doctors in their hospitals with consultants and doctors on the National Youth Service Corps. The Health Minister in a statement released on Wednesday said the strike commenced by the doctors at a time when the country was battling the coronavirus pandemic was ill-timed and ill-advised. According to him, doctors and all health workers should always remember that their primary duty is to save lives. “lt is with deep concern that I have reviewed the ongoing strike by the Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors which commenced on the 7th of September, 2020. “Firstly, I would like to note that the primary duty of doctors and all health workers is to save lives. ”Commencing a strike in this time that the country is battling with the pandemic is ill-timed and ill-advised. “lt is a critical time in which all medical professionals should come together and tackle the common enemy, which is the coronavirus pandemic threatening mankind. “I would also like to note that most of the demands made the doctors have been met and others though difficult, are at an advanced stage of implementation. “However, a little patience would have made a big difference. “The Federal Ministry of Health finds it necessary to ensure measures are put in place to enlighten the effect of this strike on the generality of our populace. “Following the development, all CMDs and MDs of our federal tertiary hospitals are been directed to immediately do the following: Ensure that all COVlD-19 treatment outlets continue to function as before. “Emergency services should also continue to function as before. “Routine services should be maintained with Consultants, NYSC Doctors. “Locum staffers to be brought in when necessary to prevent services disruption when applicable and affordable. “Also, I urge all the NARD to return to work and engage the Federal Government in completing the ongoing due process of implementing the MoU between NARD and government. “I wish to assure the general public that measures have been put in place to ensure that they continue to access services at all our federal tertiary hospitals across the country,” the statement read.