The Governor of Abia state, Okezie Ikpeazu, on Wednesday, received the report on the post COVID-19 economic recovery plan for the state. Speaking after receiving the report, Ikpeazu assured that the content of the report of the Abia State Post-COVID-19 recovery Committee will form the key pedestal upon which Abia will launch into a new economic world. The Governor recalled the role played by tailors in Aba in the mass production of locally made facemasks as their own way of supporting the government in containing the COVID-19 pandemic, and promised that a convocation of Abia elites will take place to chart the best way of implementing the report to its fullest. He also restated commitment to repositioning the state civil service as an enabler for greater productivity, adding that he only wants to be remembered by the quality of infrastructure put in place and not just the number of roads built during his time. According to him, Abia as of today remains the only State providing health care services to Abians leveraging the Tele-Health Initiative, adding that the performance of Abia children in national examinations also speak volume of his huge investment in the education sector, especially with retraining of teachers and provision of critical school infrastructure. The governor thanked Professor Anya O. Anya for his level of commitment to the development of the state and noted that the greatest of the state remains the ingenuity of Ndi Abia. Also, chairman of the committee, Professor Anya O. Anya stressed the need for Abia to embrace the opportunities provided by the Covid-19 pandemic and leverage on the areas where the state has comparative advantage. Anya said that the performance of Abia children in national examinations is a confirmation that the state has all it takes to challenge the world in the competitive global arena. He also called on the government to invest in human capacity and capability development so as to be able to fit into the challenges and innovations of the 21st century.