Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers. 1. The first international flight in five months, landed at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos on Saturday. A Middle East Airline (MEA) aircraft, which took off from Beirut, Lebanon and arrived at exactly 2.30pm, was welcome by officials of the Aerodrome and Rescue Fire Fighters, with a water cannon demonstration. 2. The National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu has described the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, as a dead party. Tinubu, who spoke during the flag-off of the APC governorship campaign in Akure, Ondo State said PDP was dead in the State. 3. The All Progressives Congress (APC) youth leaders in Ewu, Esan Central Local Government Area of Edo State, have said they narrowly escaped death, claiming to have been attacked by thugs allegedly hired by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. The party accused the chairman of Esan LGA, Hon Waziri Edokpa of orchestrating the attack while youths were pasting posters of the APC candidate Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu in the community in preparation for the ward to ward rally. 4. Governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba State has backed the Igbo people of the South East geo-political zone to produce Nigeria’s next President. Governor Ishaku noted that there is no need to stop zoning at this critical time since it had been applied in the past, saying it would be like changing the rules of the game midway. 5. Godwin Obaseki, the Governor of Edo State, has declared that he will bury his predecessor and former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole politically if he (Obaseki) emerges winner of the September 19 governorship election. According to the Governor, who was once Oshiomhole’s ally, the forthcoming poll is about contesting with Oshiomhole. 6. Prophet Emmanuel Omale, the General Overseer of Divine Hand of God Prophetic Ministry, has dragged the First City Monument Bank Plc, FCMB, to court over claims that suspended Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Ibrahim Magu paid N570m into his church bank account. Omale, a self-acclaimed spiritual leader of Magu is demanding N5bn as compensation from the bank over the allegation. 7. The Federal Executive Council has approved plans to establish the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) Training School in the country. The AIB Commissioner, Mr Akin Olateru, confirmed the development at the monthly Gateway Forum organised by the League of Airports and Aviation Correspondents (LAAC), in Lagos on Saturday. 8. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, has cautioned the Peoples Democratic Party against shopping for and fielding a northerner in 2023 as presidential candidate. In a statement signed by the President General, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and the Secretary General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, the group said: “Igbos have voted massively for the PDP since 1999. But it appears that the PDP regards the Igbos as cows that must be milked to death. The PDP is making subterranean plans to retain power in the north in 2023.” 9. A former Super Eagles defender, Ajibade Babalade, is dead. Babalade, 48, died Friday in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital at the University College Hospital Ibadan on Friday. 10. The Governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai, has called on religious leaders to end the killings in the Southern part of the State. El-Rufai, who stated this on Saturday, when the National Chairman of Jama’atul Izalatul Bid’ah wa Iqamatul Sunnah, Sheikh Abdullahi Lau and other Izala leaders paid him a visit, said reckless statements were at the root of the crisis.