A community in the Akure North Local Government Area of Ondo State on Thursday cried out over the lack of teachers in the community primary school. It was gathered that the school located in Daada an Igbatoro community within the local government had been operating with only two teachers taking pupils from primary one to six. The disclosure was made when the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Eyitayo Jegede visited the community during his campaign tour. While lamenting the situation to Jegede, the leader of the community, Chief Patrick Ojo said the community has only one school and two teachers. He lamented that such could also be the situation of many other rural communities. “This is the situation in most rural communities of Ondo State, where the present government only assigned two teachers to a school. “In the first place, there is no way the two teachers can cope with the stress of the job. “Again, no human being is an encyclopaedia, such that he has the capacity to know every subject. “So it is best imagined, what we, the rural dwellers of Ondo State are going through,” he lamented. Ojo also said many children born in the locality had never seen electric light before, urging Jegede to consider extending electricity to the area if he wins at the October poll. “As you can see sir, we don’t have a motorable road, despite that the man who is at the helm of affairs in this state comes to our community regularly to drink palm wine. “You can rest assured of our votes but please put these our requests in mind,” he pleaded. Responding, Jegede described as absurd, the posting of only two teachers to a school, and promised to sanitise the state’s education system, once elected governor. “For instance, we have assured all parents that the exorbitant tuition fees introduced to Ondo State higher institutions would be reversed. “Apart from that, we will bring great improvement to schools infrastructure and also ensure quality education.” Jegede also promised to assist rural farmers with farm inputs and the women, with soft loans to boost their trade. “As for the bad road, it is a priority that it should be fixed, as it would ease the movement of farm products to the urban communities, ” he assured.