The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, has cautioned Nigerians against blackmailing successful businessmen and women who are contributing to the economy of Nigeria through job creation. AYCF National President, Yerima Shettima gave the caution while reacting to a report of blackmail against the Chairman of Air Peace, Allen Onyema. Reports had it that one Austin Ogannanah had alleged that Onyema fraudulently acquired a loan used as his startup capital for Air Peace. However, Shettima described Ogannanah’s claim as false and cheap blackmail for failing to provide adequate details to back his allegations. Shettima, in a statement he forwarded to DAILY POST, cautioned Nigerians against falsehood aimed at tarnishing the image of private investors. The AYCF National President expressed the belief that the Air Peace boss started his business on a legitimate ground, stressing that no bank would give out loans without proper documentation. He further described the allegations against Onyema as ridiculous. According to Shettima, the main aim of the blackmailer was to bring down Onyema and his airline. He said: “The blackmailer used an old news report about alleged financial mismanagement by a former chairman of the Presidential Amnesty Program, Mr. Kingsley Kuku and mixed up facts while trying in vain, to insert the Air Peace CEO’s name in the tirade. “This blackmailer who is based in the United States is well-known for this dirty game and he is no other than Mr. Austin Ogannanah. “Our independent checks as a CSO has revealed that the Air Peace CEO, Chief Allen Onyema got his startup capital for the business through legitimate bank loans. And no Nigerian bank gives out loans without thorough paperwork. This also means that if Mr. Ogannanah was not out for cheap blackmail, he would have confronted Mr. Onyema with questions on how he got startup capital. “We have also established that the unsubstantiated claims in the news story targeted at the Air Peace CEO, Chief Allen Onyema was entirely false, as our independent investigations have now confirmed. “We condemn this cheap and dirty means of extortion through painting innocent compatriots in black by mixing up wrong information and tying it to an individual investor and his investment. “They said the CEO struggled for money as a startup for Peace Air and gave the year he started the purported struggle as 2015, but admitted elsewhere that the company started operation in 2013. This is quite ridiculous and it exposed the underbelly of the blackmailer and his media associates in this easy money-spinning venture.” The AYCF National President warned that picking on “big-time investors” could dent the image of investors. Shettima urged all Nigerians to stand up against such acts of blackmailing indigent investors. “The AYCF says enough of this band of professional blackmailers picking on big-time investors as targets for fake online media campaigns of intimidation and harassment. “We wish to state categorically that this abhorrent culture of cheap blackmail for extortion should be fought against by all Nigerians of good conscience before it creates unnecessary confusion and dents the corporate and personal image of the patriotic investors in our midst,” he said.