Former Governor of Niger State and Chairman, Forum of Former Governors, Dr. Mu’azu Babangida Aliyu, has expressed deep shock and sadness over the death of elder Akin Alofetekun of the Guardian Newspapers. Aliyu noted that late Alofetekun was a veteran journalist and one of the leading figures in journalism practice in Niger State. In a statement issued in Minna by his media aide, the former governor commiserated with the immediate family members of the deceased journalist, the national body of the union, (the Nigeria Union of Journalists), members of the Correspondents Chapel of the NUJ in Niger state, friends and associates of the deceased. Dr. Aliyu tasked members of the union in the state not to be dampened by the exit of one of their own but to remain committed to the journalism practice as the conscience, eyes and ears of the country. He then prayed God to grant his family the courage to bear the loss and to comfort them over the painful loss. Similarly, in a press statement signed by the chairman of the Correspondents Chapel, Mustapha Bina and Secretary, Daniel O. Atori, the demise of Elder Akin Alofetekun has left a vacuum that will be difficult to fill in a hurry. It stated that until his death, the 64-year-old worked diligently with various media organizations which include, The Sketch, Daily Times, The Sun. ” We will miss the Sexagenarian invaluable contributions to journalism in the Chapel, his usual mentoring and advice to the younger ones.” The chapel also described the deceased as a very straight forward, dedicated, fearless and a focused individual who would say things the way they are. According to the statement, he was known for hard work, good advice, to proffer solutions and mentorship. ” We mourn his death with the consolation that he lived a fulfilled life, and as a vibrant and active member, his legacies still remain in our hearts. “We pray that God be pleased with him and grant him eternal rest as well as the family the fortitude to bear the loss,” the chapel further state. Late Alofetekun is survived by a wife and four children.