About five hundred members of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, from Isiala Ngwa South Local Government Area of Abia State, have defected to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. The defectors were led into the PDP by the Isiala Ngwa North, Isiala Ngwa South and Osisioma Ngwa LGA chairmen of APGA, Mr. Martin’s Onwuka, Mr. Fineface Oguobi and Mr. Samuel Nkoro. The decampees, while denouncing their APGA memberships, said their decision to join the PDP was based on the Governor Okezie Ikpeazu-led government’s developmental and infrastructural strides across the state. They pledged their total support to the organs of the party and Ikpeazu administration. Speaking during the formal declaration ceremony, the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Barrister Anthony Agbazuere, described the People’s Democratic Party as the only redemption for Nigerians. He reminded the APGA defectors that Abia is a PDP State and that they should ensure that the party continues to grow in lips and bounds. Agbazuere, while enumerating some of the outstanding achievements of the PDP-led administration in the state, emphasized the need for all genuine and loyal party members to join hands with the State Executive towards a resounding victory at the National and State levels come 2023. Earlier, the State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Chief Asiforo Okere, while welcoming the decampees drawn from Isiala Ngwa North and South and Osisioma Local government areas, commended them for taking the bold step to return back to the party and assured them that the umbrella is large enough to accommodate everybody. Contributing, the Special Adviser to the Governor on General Duties, Elder Erondu Uchenna Erondu, the Isiala Ngwa South PDP L.G.A Chairman, Edwin Ihejirika, disclosed that the PDP has remained peaceful without rancour and acrimony also expressed hope that their defection to the PDP will take the party to an enviable height. DAILY POST reports that the event which attracted the member representing Isialangwa North and South Federal Constituency, Hon. Darlington Nwokocha, the member representing Isiala Ngwa North State Constituency, Hon. Ginger Onwusibe, PDP state and L.G.A Executive members, among others, featured the destruction of the APGA decampees party register and membership cards.