Governor Okezie Ikpeazu on Wednesday swore in two new Commissioners and a new TC Chairman for Umunneochi LGA. Ikpeazu at the event, which took place at the Government House, Umuahia, Governor Okezie charged them to see their positions as one that calls for duty and service to God and Ndi Abia. The Governor urged them to comport themselves well and carry out their responsibilities in a manner that will take Abia to the next level of development. He, therefore, directed the new Commissioner for Transport, Mr Godswil Nwanoruo, to ensure sanity in the transport sector by immediately closing all illegal motor parks in Aba and Umuahia. While expressing worry on the operation of commercial tricyclists in the state, the governor directed the Commissioner for Transport to designate roads where tricyclists can operate as they have continued to constitute nuisance on major roads across the state despite several attempts to make them comply with traffic rules. He also described as unacceptable a situation where broken down vehicles are allowed to remain on the road for more than two days before they are eventually towed away thereby causing avoidable traffic jam, saying that the practice must stop immediately! Governor Ikpeazu also urged the transport ministry to deploy modem technology to manage traffic on Abia roads and ensure Abians get to their destinations at all times without hitches. He also requested the ministry to consider and work towards the introduction of erosion control strategies in Abia school curriculum. Governor Ikpeazu, who congratulated the new appointees on their new positions, charged the TC Chairman of Umunneochi LGA, Eze Chikamnayo, to look inwards and identify with those things capable of growing the economy of the local government as well as ensure maximum security by carrying stakeholders and youths of the area along. Responding on behalf of the newly inaugurated appointees, the Commissioner for Transport, Mr Godswill Nwanoruo and the TC Chairman of Umunneochi LGA, Dr Eze Chikamnayo, promised to justify the confidence reposed in them by the governor by bringing to fruition the policies and programmes of the state government. The Oaths of Office and Allegiance were administered on the new oppointees by the Solicitor-General and Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Justice, Barr Uzoamaka Ikonne while the deputy Governor, Sir Ude Okochukwu, the former senate president, Senator Adolphus Wabara among other top government functionaries were present during the swearing-in ceremony.