Gboyega Oyetola, the Governor of Osun State on Friday inducted Adebayo Salimon as the new Commissioner for the state’s Judicial Service Commission. The governor installed Adebayo from Ejigbo Local Government after the state House of Assembly screening. Adebayo succeeded Nathaniel Agunbiade who occupied the position until his recent appointment as the Commissioner for Lands and Physical Planning in the State. Inaugurating the new Commissioner at the EXCO Lounge, Oyetola said the appointment was crucial as the Commission remains an indispensable organ of the Judiciary in the state which oversees the processes of appointment and discipline of officers presiding over the state courts. Oyetola noted that the role of the Commission has become expedient as a result of the need to maintain the integrity of the courts and ensure the smooth dispensation of justice in the state. He charged the new appointee to discharge his duties with utmost sincerity, fear of God and work towards the protection of the sanctity of the judicial system. “The process of selecting and appointing members of the Commission is necessarily a thorough and painstaking one, which is aimed at producing the best of the best amongst us. “Undoubtedly, the need to maintain the integrity of the courts and ensure the smooth dispensation of justice in the State makes such thoroughness absolutely expedient. In his welcome remarks, the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Femi Akande, commended the administration of Governor Oyetola for being committed to the promotion of the justice sector and the enthronement of the rule of law in the State. Also present at the occasion were the Chief Judge of the state, Justice Oyebola Adepele Ojo; the Secretary to the State Government, Prince Wole Oyebamiji; the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Dr Charles Akinola; Deputy Chief of Staff, Prince Abdullahi Binuyo; the Head of Service, Dr Festus Oyebade; members of the State cabinet; and members of the State Judicial Service Commission.