The former Minister of State for health, Engr. Fidelis Nwankwo, has urged Ndigbo to start lobbying the two major political parties in the country ahead of the 2023 presidential election to enable them secure tickets for their candidate. Nwankwo made this known while speaking with some journalists in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi state. The former minister noted that Igbos must emulate what Yoruba’s did in 1998 when they picked the Presidential ticket from the then major political parties, that resulted in their wholesome victory. According to him: “Igbo’s are saying that they want the President, for me what they should start doing is to influence the major political parties to give Igbo people nomination, the way it happened in 1998 when the Yoruba’s picked presidential ticket from the major political parties. “And at the end of the day, it became for them a win, win situation. So, likewise, if Igbos want to be President, they should work and lobby and make their case through the two major political parties. So, that they can give their candidates nomination” he stated Nwankwo who was also a former INEC commissioner said it is only zoning that would end agitations in the country. He noted further that zoning has played a major role in the development of Ebonyi State where the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, is in control. He said that PDP started their zoning from Ebonyi North to other zones of the state: “If PDP is maintaining the zoning system, a lot of people believed that it should go to the North. When it comes to the North, we look at the four local governments, one has been there, probably if using the same zoning system, that one local government is eliminated, and then we have three local governments left. “It is going to be open for the three local governments, so anyone that emerges, then next time, two local governments have their chance. So, for me, the argument should be that those who are agitating should work on the political parties that control power. “And make sure that people from their area gets nominated. I belong to PDP and I believe what I have explained to you on what has been the pattern the zoning has taken” he stressed.