Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has reacted to the visa ban the United States slammed on some Nigerians involved in election rigging and violence. He told America and Britain to publish the names of citizens indicted till date. In a statement on Thursday by Paulinus Nsirim, Commissioner for Information, Wike also commended the countries for their actions. 2. The Pro-Chancellor, University of Lagos, Wale Babalakin, has tendered his resignation letter. This followed the alleged disagreement with the federal government’s visitation panel sent to the university. Babalakin said there were too many vested interests in the UNILAG leadership issue. His letter of resignation was addressed to the Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, and copied to President Muhammadu Buhari. 3. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), has announced the opening of a special link for the registration of additional National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), members as ad hoc staff for Ondo State governorship election. The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr Festus Okoye, National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, after its meeting in Abuja. 4. The President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government on Thursday, directed all account holders in all financial institutions to obtain, complete and submit Self–Certification Forms. This includes banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions. Failure to adhere to this instruction, the Government said, will attract sanctions which may include monetary penalty or inability to operate the said account. 5. The Presidency has revealed plans by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government to put money in the hands of Nigerians. It said as from next week, a survival fund from the government will be available to potential beneficiaries. Speaking, Laolu Akande, the Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity to the President (Office of the Vice President) said this would be realized through active implementation of the Economic Sustainability Plan. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has advised all actors in the Edo State election to play by the rules. He told political parties, candidates and security agents to behave responsibly in the election. The president, in a message through his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu to voters, political parties, election officials and security personnel, also warned against what he described as “the do-or-die mentality to politics.” 7. Boss Mustapha, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 has appealed to the Joint Health Sector Unions (JOHESU) to call off the strike as the country needs them now amid the COVID-19 pandemic. He said that the Federal Government would continue to do its best to push through the negotiations with the JOHESU to resolve all issues and call its members back to work. 8. As efforts are geared towards the reopening of schools, the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, has tasked schools to carry out weekly risk assessments while states and local governments are to conduct monthly and quarterly risk assessments. Mrs Elsie Ilori, Head, Department of Surveillance and Epidemiology, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, announced this on Thursday in Abuja at the joint PTF briefing on COVID-19. 9. A Member of the Federal House of Representatives, Hon. Bamidele Salam representing Ede North, South/Egbedero/Ejigbo Federal Constituency has given the Inspector-General of Police, Muhammad Adamu seven days ultimatum to apprehend the policemen who allegedly chased a 21-year-old Idris Ajibola to death in Osogbo. The federal lawmaker on Thursday also ordered Osun State Government to implement a juridical panel of enquiry on the incident. 10. Nigeria has moved up two spots from 31st to 29th position in the latest FIFA/Coca-Cola World Rankings. The rankings were published on FIFA’s official website on Thursday. It means the Super Eagles are now the third best country in Africa, only behind Senegal (20th) and Tunisia (26th) Nigeria’s opponents in the 2021 AFCON qualifying series did not make any progress in the rankings.