Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, has revealed that the 2021 National budget would be presented to the joint session of the National Assembly next week. Giving a hint on what was discussed upon resumption of plenary after a two-months’ annual holiday, the Senate President explained that the 2020 implementation of Nigeria’s annual budget has been disrupted due to COVID-19 pandemic. 2. The House of Representatives has rescinded the passage of the controversial National Water resources bill over flaws in the procedure that led to its passage bill. Upon resumption on Tuesday, a member of the House, Ben Nzondo from Benue State moved a point of privilege and argued that the proper procedure was not followed on the bill. In his ruling, speaker, Gbajabiamila concluded that Nzondo had raised fundamental objections that must be looked into. 3. The Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare II, has warned the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) about godfatherism, which the party campaigned against before the September 19 Edo State governorship election. The monarch, who stated this on Tuesday, when five PDP governors, Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa, Nyesom Wike of Rivers, Aminu Tanbuwal of Sokoto, Seyi Makinde of Oyo and Godwin Obaseki of Edo paid him a courtesy call, told them not to control Obaseki, despite playing a big role in helping him win re-election. 4. The Senate on Tuesday, received a request from President Muhammadu Buhari to approve the sum of N148,141,969,161.24, as promissory notes to five states for Federal Road projects executed by the states: Bayelsa, Cross River, Ondo, Osun and Rivers. Buhari’s request was contained in a letter dated August, 13, 2020 and read by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, during plenary on Tuesday. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has asked the Senate to approve the appointments of eight new Supreme Court Justices. The letter read by the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, during plenary on Tuesday names of the nominees as Lawal Garba, (North West), Helen Ogunwumiju (South West), Abdu Aboki (North West), and M M Saulawa (North West), Adamu Jauro (North East), Samuel Oseji (South South), Tijani Abubakar (North East), and Emmanuel Agim (South-South). 6. The federal government has announced increased security measures for Nigeria’s 60th Independence Anniversary celebration. Ahead of the October 1 event, security has been enhanced in and around the venue – Eagle Square in Abuja, while the Shehu Shagari Way, Ahmadu Bello Way, outward and inward-bound Airport and adjoining roads will also be shut to traffic just as the Federal Secretariat will be evacuated by 2.00 pm on Wednesday. 7. The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has declared that the 9th House is committed to overhauling policing in Nigeria. Gbajabiamila, who stated this in his opening remarks at the resumption of the House following a two-month holiday, stated that Nigerians are more scared of police than criminals. 8. Political violence rocked Ipele community in Owo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Tuesday as supporters of the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Eyitayo Jegede and that of the All Progressives Congress, APC, clashed. The clash was said to have occurred when the campaign train of the PDP arrived in the community, leaving many people injured and several vehicles vandalized. 9. The Ogun State Internal Revenue Service (OGIRS) has asked the winner of the 2020 Big Brother Naija reality TV show, Olamilekan Agbelesebioba, popularly known as Laycon, to pay his tax in the state in 2021. OGIRS in a tweet on Tuesday, said it was delighted to congratulate Laycon, who it described as “one of our own in the state.” 10. Winston Ola Badmus, aka Olamus, the former manager of late rapper, Dagrin, is dead. Olamus slumped and died at his residence in Lagos.