Viewers of Big Brother Naija, BBNaija 2020, have predicted the winner and runners-up in the finale of season 5 next week Sunday. Laycon, Dorathy, Neo, Vee and Nengi on Sunday emerged as the top five housemates. Laycon and Dorathy joined Vee, Neo and Nengi as finalists on Sunday following the eviction of Ozo and Trikytee. The winner of BBNaija season 5 will be chosen from one of the aforementioned housemates. Nigerians have shared their reactions to the final selection of housemates. Majority of Nigerians predicted Laycon would emerge as the winner and Dorathy or Nengi as the second position. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter; @LauraofLagos “ I’m happy with the top five sha. Somehow, I always like when something isn’t predicted. Because, no one saw this top five. Congrats Laycon , Dorathy , Nengi , Neo and Vee.” @IamQuebex “ If they combine Nengi, Neo, Vee and Dorathy’s votes this week, they’ll still not win Laycon.” @Madamneka “Congratulations to Dora, Neo, Vee, Laycon and Nengi. I hope you all pull through for Dorathy. She had a frigging amazing and fun season! A top girl and definitely winning material! @Theinfamouseric “ Winner – Laycon 1st runner up – Dorathy 2nd runner up – Nengi 3rd runner up – Neo 4th runner up – Vee. “Don’t even bother voting to give these people more money. Just use your online votes and leave it for them. Laycon is winning, save your money.” @Enasv “ Even if they add Vee, Neo and Dorathy’s vote to Nengi’s on Sunday, Laycon will still win.” @Nliam “ Top 5 #BBNaija, 5th position- Vee, 4th position- Neo, 3rd position- Nengi, 2nd position- Dorathy/ Dorathy,1st position- Laycon/Dorathy.” @Icygirl “ Laycon is going to have like 80% of the vote share next week. Nengi and Dorathy will share like 17% between them. Neo and Vee will then have what’s left.” @Rankingizzo “From the housemates remaining I can tell the bottom 3. In 5th position is Vee 4th position Neo 3rd position Dorathy. 1 and 2 depends on how things will be on the ground but I hope and pray is the queen herself Nengi.” @FusiM “Your Top 5 exactly in this particular order! 1. Laycon, Dorathy , Nengi, Neo and Vee.” @Dammysociable “My prediction for the finale: 1. Laycon,Dorathy(2nd), Nengi(3rd), Vee(4th), Neo(5th).” @_Xeinny “My prediction. Laycon (Winner), Nengi (1st runner up), Dorathy (2nd runner up), Veeand Neo are escorts in the game.” @T_topee “Let me tell you how it will go in the finals Neo will go first, then Vee, then Dorathy, Nengi then Laycon will be announced the winner.” @BiyiOke “ Last day Neo and Vee will be the first people to leave.” @Layconite1 “ Last FIVE standing love you all! You are all winners but Laycon is the ultimate winner.” @Martchuddy “ At this point, I will say, may the spirits favour Laycon. Dude sure played his cards well. Kudos too Dorathy and Neo for making it to the finals.”