Olusegun Bamgbose, National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has noted that Boko Haram and some influential and unpatriotic Nigerians, want Governor Babagana Zulum dead. Twelve policemen, 13 civilians and 5 soldiers were confirmed dead from the attack. The incident occurred around 2 pm, while the convoy was heading to Baga town ahead of government’s plan to return internally displaced persons (IDPs) from Maiduguri to Baga. The terrorists also seized and carted away one police armoured car, one gun truck belonging to the military and six government vehicles. Fresh report suggests that over 30 persons have died from the attack. Bamgbose noted that the deadly activities of the insurgents in the North East is becoming increasingly worrisome as killings and kidnappings are on the increase. Soldiers are being killed, almost on daily basis and Bamgbose said it was really very unfortunate, that these deadly attacks are yet to come to an end. The senior lawyer and a chieftain of the New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, however, assured the Governor of divine protection saying, “Zulum be rest assured that he is above human destruction, because Allah is solidly behind him.” “It’s very obvious, there is sabotage somewhere in the system. One would have expected that, insurgency would have been a thing of the past, after 5 years of Buhari’s administration. “It’s quite unfortunate that Buhari has not been able to nip it in the bud. The dastardly attempt by the Boko Haram insurgents to assassinate Gov. Zulum on Saturday, is very unfortunate. It’s strongly condemnable. “This should be the second time his convoy will be attacked. Gov. Zulum is no doubt, one of the most progressive Governors in Nigeria. “I have reasons to believe that Boko Haram and unfortunately, some influential and unpatriotic Nigerians, want Gov. Zulum dead. “If there is one Governor, that is active and sincere in ending insurgency in the North East, it’s Gov. Zulum. There is a serious conspiracy against him, but let Gov. Zulum be rest assured that, he is above human destruction, because Allah is solidly behind him. “They will try, but certainly, they will fail. We won’t cease to pray for his safety. In a couple of days, we have resolved, to write to the United Nation, about the need to increase their intervention in ending the activities of the insurgents in the North East, especially the BAY axis of Nigeria, Borno, Adamawa, Yobe. “One is no longer comfortable with the activities of these enemies of the society. The time to act decisively is now. We will equally urge security be beefed around Gov. Zulum. We want him alive,” he said.