Ahead of the October 31 by-election for Isi-Uzo State Constituency, the Enugu State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has vowed to resist all forms of electoral manipulation. DAILY POST reports that the seat became vacant following the demise of the member representing the area, late Hon. Chijioke Ugwueze. It was also learnt that the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has chosen the spouse of the late lawmaker as its candidate for the election. But the APC at its primary election on Saturday, held at Ikem Uno Community Primary School, in Isi Uzo Council area of the State elected Engr. Macdonald Ejiofor Okwor, as its consensus candidate, vowing to resist any form of manipulation. Speaking to journalists shortly after the exercise which had Comrade Adolphus Udeh as returning officer, and observed by officials of INEC, security operatives, the media and other stakeholders, Enugu State Chairman of APC, Dr. Ben Nwoye, expressed happiness with the party faithful for their peaceful conduct during the exercise. He, however, warned that the party would not tolerate any form of electoral manipulation, but would resist any attempt by the ruling PDP to maneuver the poll. The chairman boasted that his party had the capacity and the needed structure to win the election in a free and fair context, hinting that they had concluded arrangements for massive and robust campaign in all the 118 political wards that makes up the constituency. “We may not have the financial strength to match PDP, but we have the electorate by our side. “I want to say that our party is ready, and fully committed to deliver our dear candidate come October 31. He will use our broom to sweep away corruption and all manner of undemocratic conducts, as well as manipulations from his constituency,” he said. In his remarks, the elated candidate, Engr. Okwor said APC would do everything within the ambit of the electoral law to ensure that vote of the electorate counted during the election. He stressed that “I am very confident that with God on my side, victory will be mine at the end of the day.” He likened the forthcoming electoral context to the Biblical David and Goliath, saying that he is David while the PDP is Goliath, “and that is why I am optimistic and hopeful that victory will be ours on that day.”