The presidency has declared that history will be kind to President Muhammadu Buhari. Presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, said this in a statement on Sunday. He said years after the All Progressives Congress (APC) came to power, the administration has worked hard to meet many expectations. Shehu noted that to stop the mismanagement of taxpayer money, eliminate corruption associated with subsidies on petroleum products, power, fertilizer among others, the government took the decision to implement long-delayed reforms, withdraw and allow the market to determine their prices. He said subsidy removal in the sectors had long been foreseen by successive administrations. Shehu recalled that there had been blueprint upon blueprint, timeline upon timeline but courage to take bold decisions was not there. “There is nothing new in the fact that the country is today fighting multiple challenges along with COVID-19, including low earnings, near-collapse of the oil market, floods, threats of terrorism and banditry but the challenges notwithstanding, a good government must take decisions for the people’s good. “As President, Muhammadu Buhari takes these difficult decisions, both popular and unpopular and as a leader because he is demonstrating the right courage to take such decisions as they become necessary in view of present circumstances. “History will be kind to President Buhari because in addition to his amazing ability to command votes, he will be remembered as the President who made real contributions to economic and overall national development by eliminating the evils of corruption embedded in subsidies. “In any democracy, the most important certificate in governance is acceptance by the people and, with the support of ordinary Nigerians, President Buhari has shown a rare determination to carry out the bold initiatives as these ones driven by nothing other than the greatest good for the greatest number of people.” The presidency said in carrying out the reforms, the President needs the support and understanding of all citizens-inclusive of the opposition parties, the labour movement and civil society groups. The statement added that Buhari is pushing development goals not politics and that history will judge him in favourable terms rather than his critics in the new media and the opposition.