One of the gang leaders terrorizing some parts of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital has been arrested. DAILY POST gathered that the gang leader, fondly known as Eji, was arrested at the weekend in Ibadan. It was gathered that Eji is the second in command to one of the gang leaders, Abiola Ebila, who has been killed in Ibadan few weeks ago. Our correspondent recalls that Abiola Ebila was the leader of a gang known as One Million Boys. He was killed in Kudeti area of Ibadan in July this year. It was, however, gathered that Eji, who is the second in command to Ebila, has been arrested. Director-General, Oyo State Joint Security Task Force, popularly known as ‘Operation Burst’, Col. Oladipo Ajibola (rtd) confirmed the arrest of the gang leader. Ajibola declared over the weekend that Eji has been arrested and currently facing trial. He noted that Eji was arrested for sundry criminal offenses and handed over to the police for trial. Ajibola said the security outfit has rid Ibadan of the menace of the notorious gang as the rest of them have ran out of the State to seek cover in Lagos and other States. “Operation Burst has been able to reduce criminality in Oyo State, people now go about doing their businesses without fear, we have effected a lot of arrests in relation to cultism, yahoo boys and other criminals and hand them over to the right security agency concerned, the high profile among the criminal cases was Abiola Ebila. “Abiola Ebila, the leader of one million boys was involved in kidnapping and we got him through one of the personalities he kidnapped while he was asking for ransom, the elimination of Abiola Ebila has sent other gang leaders out of Oyo State and we are still trailing those who are their minions. “We have succeeded in getting one of them recently who was the second in command to the late Ebila, we handed him over to another security agency for proper investigation and prosecution and we urge the general public to avail the security agencies prompt information to nip criminality in the bud.”