Bola Tinubu, the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and his party have been asked to perish any hope of winning the 2023 presidency because they have failed Nigerians Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, believes that the actions of the current administration, most recently the hike in the prices of fuel and electricity, has clearly suffocated Tinubu’s ambition. Bamgbose described the APC as a party with no sympathy whatsoever for the poor masses. Bamgbose lamented that it was quite unfortunate that the All Progressives Congress, APC, which promised better life, good governance, positive change to Nigerians, has successfully made reverse the case. In a chat with DAILY POST over the increase in the pump price of fuel and electricity tarrif, the senior lawyer said the “Buhari administration is fast becoming oppressive and burdensome. “One wonders the justification of these hikes when we are still grappling with poverty, hardship and unemployment. Most recently, National Bureau of Statistics came out to inform Nigerians that about 21 million Nigerians are unemployed. “We still remain the poverty capital of the world. We should also remember here that we are yet recover from the COVID-19 devastating effects on the economy. On top of all these and many more, this government went ahead to increase the pump price, to say the least, this is inhuman and and a clear case of being insensitive to the plight of Nigerians. We urge the administration to reverse the hike within 14 days. “There is no justification whatsoever for the hike at this critical period. The untimely hike is odious and obnoxious, reversal is the only thing that will make Nigerians happy. “However if they fail to reverse the hike in pump price, they should forget about 2023. If they believe, they will use the power of incumbency to win elections come 2023, they will meet their waterloo. “Bola Tinubu has refused to make any categorical statement, meaning he will toe the same line of oppressing the masses if he wins. “I’ll urge him to forget about becoming the President of Nigeria come 2023. I foresee a real change come 2023, our mumu don do. Enough is enough.”