Prof. Nora Daduut of the Department of French, University of Jos has been declared winner of the All Progressives Congress (APC) primary for the Plateau South Senatorial District by-election. This followed the peaceful primary conducted at the Shendam Local Government Secretariat, which is the headquarters of the zone. DAILY POST recalls that the Plateau South Senatorial seat has been vacant since the demise of Senator Ignatius Longjan, in February, 2020. Declaring the results, the Chairman of the electoral Committee, Habu Isa Ajiya, announced as follows: Prof Nora Daduut 1,936 votes,
Damian Shekarau 61 votes, Prof Doknan Shenni 60 votes, while Prof. Emmanuel Garba scored 16 votes. The electoral committee chairman also urged the winner to embrace each of the aspirants in order to unite them and win the secondary election slated for October, stressing that in APC there is no winner or loser. Governor Simon Lalong had earlier expressed confidence that the APC will retain its seat at the Senate during the forthcoming Plateau South Senatorial by-election. Lalong stated this shortly after casting his vote at the APC primary election. He commended the peaceful and transparent conduct of delegates and party officials, describing it as the display of democratic maturity. He said “we have been preparing for this primary as one united family to ensure that we produce the best candidate that will fly the flag of the APC at the main elections. “Whoever the delegates choose, we shall rally round him or her and market to the electorate in order to ensure that we retain our seat. “We are very optimistic of victory as our party remains the dominant party in this Senatorial District with records of performance.” In his remarks, State APC Chairman, Letep Dabang through the State Secretary of the Party, Bashir Sati, said the party will reach out to all aspirants who contested for the by-election primary to support and unite with the winner of the primary. Also, Speaking on behalf of his colleagues, the chairman of Shendam Local Government Council Alex Naantuam said they are overwhelmed with the way the by-election primary was conducted peacefully devoid of violence.