The All Progressives Congress (APC), has called on the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to wake up to a new Nigeria where the government works for the citizens, not for a few interests. The party’s former Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Mr Yekini Nabena, made the call in a statement on Wednesday in Abuja. The statement was in response to the PDP’s criticism of the recent increase in petrol pump price from N143 to N151 and the hike in electricity tariff by the Federal Government. The PDP had earlier released a statement through its National Publicity Secretary, Mr Kola Ologbondiyan, rejecting the new fuel price and hike in electricity tariff. Ologbondiyan had said: “The PDP vehemently rejects the fresh increase in the price of fuel to N151 per liter and electricity tariff to N66 per kwh under the APC and its government.” The APC, however, disclosed that the decision to increase the fuel pump price and the hike in electricity tariff was in the best interest of every Nigerian. Nabena also recalled that successive PDP governments had foisted on the country a corruption tainted fuel subsidy regime. He called on the PDP to surprise Nigerians and itself by cajoling its cronies who ran the subsidy rackets, adding that many of them were hiding abroad. He stressed that the PDP should cajole such persons to return “our stolen commonwealth in their possession.’’ According to him, under the President Muhammadu Buhari administration, the tortuous fuel queues as a result of biting scarcities were gone. The statement read in part, “The attention of the APC has been drawn to a shameless statement by PDP on the current petrol price and electricity tariff in the country. “The pricing template now reflects competitive and market driven components which are supported by the citizenry. “In an effort by this administration to put an end to estimated and arbitrary billing for electricity, President Buhari recently directed a nationwide mass metering programme for electricity consumers in the country.”