Yoruba leader, Ayo Adebanjo, has stated that President Muhammadu Buhari is keen on holding on to power. He said the Nigerian constitution gave the President excess authority, adding that Buhari doesn’t want a review because his powers will reduce. The Afenifere chieftain said this in an interview with The Sun. Speaking on the controversial Water Resources Bill, Adebanjo noted that it was part of the problems caused by the constitution. The bill proposes that the federal government control all water sources and river banks. States governments, groups and prominent Nigerians have declared their opposition to the proposal. Adebanjo, while giving his position, insisted that Buhari has no integrity. He condemned the concentration of power despite Nigeria being a multi-ethnic society. “When I said the man has no integrity, people are quarrelling with me. He does not want to relieve himself of dictatorial power. I have said it before; under the present constitution, Nigeria’s president is the most powerful president in the whole world. Buhari is not ready to concede that power, he just wants to keep us talking until another election. “Anybody who is talking about doing another election without going back to federalism is just wasting his time. You do another election under this constitution, you go back again. They will rig it and tell you to go to court and the court will confirm it. I have been in this game when Buhari was a toddler. So, he can’t deceive me. “We say people should go back to the previous constitution; the constitution Awolowo, Azikwe, and Sardauna agreed upon at independence. I put these questions to Buhari: Are you more intelligent than Sardauna? Are you more educated than Sardauna? Are you more Fulani than Sarduana? He has not answered my questions. “I have been repeating these over and again, not Femi Adesina or Garba Shehu has responded to me. But whenever they want to insult us, they say they don’t know what those clamouring for restructuring are talking about, including Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo, who took Obasanjo to court over the issue of restructuring when he was Attorney-General of Lagos State. “It’s a gang up. They are deceiving themselves, deceiving the country. The corruption they said they would wipe out is growing bigger and bigger. The looting is growing higher and higher more than what we had under the regime of the late General Sani Abacha. I have passed the stage where anybody will be tossing me around”, he said.