Olusegun Bamgbose, National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has described the agitation for Oduduwa Republic as ridiculous and uncalled for. He said from all indications, the agitators must be getting sponsorship from some top politicians for selfish reasons, adding that there is no justification for such calls from the South West. Bamgbose, a chieftain of NNPP, said he does not expect any true son of Oduduwa to support “such an unpatriotic agitation.” In a chat with DAILY POST on Tuesday, the senior lawyer wondered what exactly was the rationale behind the agitation that is recently gaining grounds in the South West. “One can forgive those advocating for the Biafra Republic, but not those agitating for Oduduwa Republic,” he said. “On what basis would the agitation be justified? Those advocating for Oduduwa Republic are basically not patriotic Nigerians. “Late Chief Obafemi Awolowo, of blessed memory, never in his lifetime, advocated for Oduduwa Republic. I’m sure if Awolowo were to be alive today, he would never support such. He had the opportunity then, but he decided to stand with one Nigeria. He worked for one Nigeria. “He worked with Gowon to keep Nigeria one. Those advocating for Oduduwa Republic, are not being fair to the Yorubas. “I have reasons to believe that they are being sponsored by some top politicians for selfish reasons,” he noted. He added that, “Chief Olusegun Obasanjo was Head of State in 1976, handed over power peacefully to a democratically elected person in 1979, the first in Africa. “In 1999, he was elected President of Nigeria and ruled for 8 uninterrupted years, another first in the history of Nigeria. Presently, we have Osinbajo, as the Vice President of Nigeria. “It’s also believed that Yorubas are in control of the economy of Nigeria. The one million dollar question begging for an answer is, what else do we want as Yorubas in this entity called Nigeria? “The Igbos, who are obviously marginalized, can be justified for the agitation, although I’ll never support any form of secession. “It will be an act of ingratitude for any Yoruba man to support the agitation for Oduduwa Republic. It’s childish. I’m always proud to say anywhere that, I was born a Nigerian, and I’ll be proud to die as a Nigerian. “Count me out of any form of secession. Our heroes will never forgive any one advocating for Nigeria to break up. On one Nigeria I stand, even if it will cost me my Presidential ambition. Nigeria must remain one, no matter what. One nation, one destiny.”