The Osun State Government has ordered the reopening of markets and places of worship in the state with immediate effect. The state in a new guideline authorized all markets to commence full operations, while worship centres that were restricted to once weekly meetings were now directed to commence their weekly services, subject to COVID-19 safety protocols. In a statement signed by the Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Funke Egbemode, the Osun Government, with the commencement of the new face of ease lockdown urged all residents to continue to wear nose masks in public places, and also ensure regular use of hand sanitizer especially at the end of every exchange. The statement said: “The State Government of Osun has appraised the current status of the State in the ongoing fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, and has decided to relax some of its lockdown measures following some emerging positive indices. “In the light of this, approval has been given for the full reopening of all markets and worship centres in the state, for the purpose of serving the needs of the people on the one hand and to preserve the means of the traders’ livelihood on the other. “All citizens, whether traders or clients, are urged to continue to wear nose masks in public places, and also ensure regular use of hand sanitizer especially at the end of every exchange,” Egbemode added. The government has also granted approval for worship centres to commence their normal weekly activities in addition to the Friday Jumat and Sunday Services. She further ordered that “Worship centres are enjoined to observe the regular precautionary measures of wearing of face masks, hand washing, temperature screening and avoidance of physical contacts in public places. “Also, practices that require sharing of materials should be limited. “Adequate provision should be made for handwashing facilities (soap and running water) and hand sanitisers at entry points and at strategic places, for use by leaders and attendees. “There has been significant improvement in the statistics of the State with respect to the infection, but the State is not COVID-19 free yet. The responsibility of ridding the State of the virus is a collective effort, and citizens are advised to take responsibility for their own safety while the government will continue to invest in its commitment to ensuring the safety of people from actual and potential threats”, the statement read.