The Niger State Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, congress to elect the state Working Committee of the opposition party was marred with violence as thugs allegedly belonging to the two contestants for the chairmanship post engaged themselves in a fight. Those eyeing the seat include Bar. Tanko Beji, who is contending for the second time and Engr. Mohammed Muktur, a former House of Representatives member representing Suleja, Gurara and Tafa. Indication to this effect was observed when supporters of the candidates took over the premises of the party secretariat as early as 7am This was despite the presence of heavily armed security agencies drafted to the venue of the congress. At the venue, a former House of Representatives and Deputy House Leader, Hon. Baba Shehu Agaie, was seriously given the beatings of his life by party members suspected to be from his own local government, Agaie. It took the intervention of the security men to rescue him from the hands of his attackers as they carried the lawmaker out of the Secretariat complex. The party supporters allegedly accused Hon. Baba Shehu Agaie of sabotaging their collective interest by aligned with the former governor Babangida Aliyu led group. But, the electoral committee led by Mohammed Iman from the national headquarters of the party, noticing the tensed and uncondusive atmosphere left the venue guarded by security agents. Meanwhile, the party in a press statement signed by the Chairman, State Congress Committee, Muhammed Imam, has announced the postponement of the state congress. He said, “due to uncertain security situation at the PDP state secretariat, Venue of the rescheduled State congress, the congress stated for today , 12th day of September, 2020 has been postponed.” According to Imam, “the announcement became necessary after unsuccessful attempts were made to get the thousands of party supporters and other persons gathered at the precinct of the venue to disperse before the commencement of the voting process.” The statement added that the committee will report back to the National Working Committee, which would determine the next line of action in accordance with the constitution of the party.