The President of Henshaw Town Council in Calabar South Local Government Area of Cross River State, Etubom Nyong Effiom Okon, has called for the proscription of the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) and Trade Union Congress (TUC) over failure to secure reduction on pump price of fuel. Etubom Okon who spoke with DAILY POST via mobile phone on Monday, regretted the action of the two labour bodies, saying that the purpose of preparing for the strike action was to compel the federal government to reduce the pump price of fuel. “The Labour used that name to make their money. There was never a time they had a meeting with government that yielded any dividend to workers or achieve anything, they only go there when they have something to negotiate for themselves not for the best interest of the masses “In Cross River State, I remember when Labour went on strike over appointment of some traditional rulers, as we were pasting the bulletins, the State Government was doing her own thing, swearing in the Monarchs and gave them certificate of recognition. “I was with them and participated in the pasting of bulletins but some of them went behind and collected largesse (Money). The swearing-in was done without Labour doing anything, hence for me, I see no reason why labour should continue to exist, that body is supposed to have been scrapped. “I am not in support of labour action because at the end of the day, it will have no meaning for the people they said they are protecting. They only go there to negotiate on what they are going to get from the government and allow people to suffer,” he stated. Etubom Okon who was the State Financial Secretary of NLC asked, “The NLC/TUC have not achieved anything, no reduction in fuel price or electricity tariff? What success have they recorded in this action that has been cancelled? I don’t see anything. “When I was the State Financial Secretary of NLC, when Labour took decisions, out of five demands, we would achieve four, knowing very well that when we embark on another protest, we will achieve the remaining ones. Also speaking via phone on Monday, the former Public Relations Officer, Nigerian Maritime Association, Nigeria Port Authority (NPA) Ndabo Robert Effiong Hogan said that he had expected NLC/TUC to continue with the negotiation rather than embarking on strike. “Dialogue is the best approach, let them go back and have more dialogues with the government, the hardship is bashing on all of us, strike is not even the answer, the strike has not been yielding anything good. “When they are about to call for strike, they will make all the noise and at the end, they will sit with the government and shut the journalists out and when they come out, you see little smiles on their faces making us to look like a ship that can be pushed around. So let them go back and dialogue with the government, the hardship is bashing on all of us,” he said.