Former Speaker of the Plateau State House of Assembly during the 4th Assembly, Rt. Hon. George Daika has been declared winner of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) by-election primary to fill in the vacant seat for the Plateau South Senatorial District. DAILY POST recalls that the Plateau South Senatorial seat became vacant in February, 2020, after the demise of Senator Ignatius Longjan. Daika will square up against the ruling APC’s candidate, Prof. Nora Daduut who emerged winner at the party’s primary last Thursday. The formerawmaker’s victory followed the successful and peaceful conduct of the by-election primary held at the Royal Comfort Hotel Shendam Shendam Zonal, headquarters of Plateau South. Declaring the results, Chairman of the PDP electoral panel and Senator representing Abia North, Mao Ohuabunwa, said George Daika scored 434 votes to emerge winner of the primary election. Also, Hon. Mike Dapianlong, a former member of the House of Representatives got 199 votes, Barr. Phillip Isa got 18 votes, while Chrysantus Dawam scored 5 votes. Meantime, Jafaru Damulak, a contestant, withdrew few hours to the contest. Ohuabunwa also announced that there were 4 invalid votes, and that a total of 660 delegates participated in the primary election. The chairman of the electoral panel thanked all the aspirants for their maturity during and after the exercise. He stressed that, “there is no winner or loser in the contest, as it is victory for all”. In an acceptance speech, the winner of the primary and former member of the House of Representatives who represented (Shendam/Mikang/Quaan Pan Constituency), Rt. Hon. Daika, thanked the delegates for supporting him to emerge as the PDP flagbearer and appealed to aggrieved members to close ranks in the interest of the party. Meanwhile, Mike Dapianlong who came second in the contest, assured that other aspirants will support the flagbearer of the party to ensure the party emerged victorious at the secondary election. In his remarks, State PDP chairman, Hon. Chris Hassan described the PDP by-election as “transparent and peaceful”. Hassan said, “What is left for us now is to work together as a unit and ensure we deliver our candidate in the secondary election”.