A member of a vigilante group and another suspected cultist have been killed in a fresh clash between Debam and Iceland confraternities on Saturday in Inen Ikot Eteye village, OrukAnam Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State. An eyewitness, Okon Idung, explained that when suspected members of Debam confraternity were killing a member of their rival group, Iceland confraternity in his compound early hours of Saturday, a vigilante member, identified as Osaboy ran into them. Idung further explained that the suspects for fear of being identified and evade possible arrest apprehended the second victim, Osaboy, cut him with matchet, dismembered his body and left him in the pool of his blood. He said, “OSAboy lives in the neighbouring village but met his untimely death that early morning as he rushed to carry his wife to the popular Urua Awak market when the hoodlums descended on him. “OSAboy was not spared by the cultists just to hide their identities because he rammed into their operations knowing that the victim can identify them for possible arrest. “They caught him after the first person was killed. We heard when he was shouting for help but the cultists did not listen. They killed him on the spot just to hide their Identity and escape arrest.” The Police Public Relations Officer for Akwa Ibom State CSP Frederick N-Nudam said Divisional Police Officer in OrukAnam, has confirmed the cult clash occasioned by killing of two persons in Inen Ikot Eteye. He added that the Commissioner of Police in the state, Amiengheme Andrew, has mobilized officers from Anti kidnapping to join forces with Anti cultism squad to restore normalcy in the area. “I called the DPO of OrukAnam LGA and he confirmed that there was an incident of cult clash in the Area. But as soon as the incident occurred, the Commissioner of police, Amiengheme Andrew, mobilised officers, made up of anti-cultism, anti-kidnapping to join forces with Operation Flush, that is stationed there and the area has been subjected to serious surveillance. “As we speak, some suspects have been arrested in connection with the incident and we hope that police would be able to bring the situation to normalcy,” he said