Abia State Governor, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, on Wednesday, received the report of the investigative committee set up to review allegations of unfair practices leveled against Inner Galaxy Steel Company located in Ukwa West LGA of the state. Recall that the Inner Galaxy Steel Company Limited was recently accused of operating a modern-day slave camp in Ukwa West Local Government Area of the state. It, however, denied such claims, an action that led to the state government initiating a committee of inquiry to probe the allegation. Following the development, the governor had set up a committee of inquiry to probe the issue of dissension arising at the Inner Galaxy Group; a Chinese firm in the state has concluded its public investigation into the matter. Speaking after receiving the report, Ikpeazu urged communities in the state to be circumspect in managing the relationship with those coming to invest in their areas, assuring that his government is committed to ensuring that host communities and workers are not short-changed by investors. The governor described the Inner Galaxy Company as a flagship industry in Abia State which made Abia the foremost state in the recycling of metal waste adding that for Abia State, Inner Galaxy is seen as a hen that is trying to brood. He also revealed that his administration was working hard to untie shackles around ailing industries in the state such as Modern Ceramics, Aba Textile Mills and Aba Glass Industry. “Our efforts in reactivating moribund industries have thrived as Golden Guinea Breweries is back and bubbling. “I would also like to state that it is the government’s responsibility of ensuring that private industries in the State operate within the confines of the law and vowed to continue to provide enabling environment for them. “I urge the elites in Abia State including those from Ukwa West to support the education of their youths in order to make them employable and be part of the emerging industrial city in Ukwa West,” he said. The Governor charged the youths to see industries in their communities as sources of revenue and development, and show support to them. “I would also like to note that every government official and agency should see themselves as enablers for the success of investors and directed the Ministry of Industry to do its job of regularly supervising industries in the State with the aim of enabling the industries to thrive along with their workers. “Also, it is also necessary to state that Manufacturing companies are of greater benefits to their host communities as they can provide job to all strata of people,” he added. He congratulated the committee for a job well done adding that he will set up an implementation committee to study and implement the report accordingly.