The Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State, Hon. Sikirulahi Ogundele has described the government of Dapo Abiodun as “visionless”, saying it has no blueprint or mission to take the state to a better condition. Ogundele spoke on Friday while inaugurating the Ogun PDP newly elected ward and local government executive members at the party’s State Secretariat in Abeokuta. While reacting to the ongoing Ogun workers strike and other happenings in the State under the administration of Gov Abiodun, the PDP leader said he would refer to the Abiodun government as a “ticky-tacker” one. Explaining what he meant by “ticky-tacker”, Ogundele said it is when someone wakes up in the morning and just embarks on whatever comes to his head. He said, “I don’t believe in judging people because the Bible says we should not judge. But we can easily make comments. “The government (of Gov Dapo Abiodun) has been so insensitive. I refer to that government as a ‘ticky-tacker’ government. “Ticky-tacker” is when you wake up in the morning and just embark on whatever that comes to your head. “There is no blueprint for the people of Ogun State to understand or peruse over, and probably come up with a public opinion. Aside from being insensitive, the government has been so visionless. The government has got no mission to take Ogun state to a better condition.” Ogundele said “the health workers sometimes ago complained, but the doctors were badly addressed at a point. A governor referring to them as irresponsible; that’s quite immature of that governor. “The government has been so careless about the well-being of the people. The government has been running a ‘penny wise, pounds foolish’ administration. Based on that fact, the reasonable Ogun people would judge them by their votes.” Addressing the new executive officers of the party at ward and local government levels, the Ogun Chairman charged them to go back to the grassroots and extend hands of relationship and goodwill to aggrieved members. He also advised them to win members of the ruling All Progressives Congress into the PDP in Ogun, this, he said, was “based on the height of irresponsibility of the ruling party.” The PDP boss emphasised that efforts are being made to solidify the party towards the 2023 elections, assuring that all crises will be well-managed and resolved within the party.