Chelsea defender, Thiago Silva, has insisted that all Chelsea players must take responsibility for their defensive woes and not just goalkeeper, Kepa Arrizabalaga. Kepa has been under fire after his huge mistake led to Liverpool scoring their second goal at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League on Sunday. The Spaniard committed an error in Chelsea’s 2-0 defeat to Liverpool when Sadio Mane intercepted his pass out to tap into an empty net. Speaking on the development ahead of Chelsea’s Carabao Cup clash with Barnsley on Wednesday night, Silva feels the whole team must take responsibility for the issues. “It is always difficult when you are a big club because there are a lot of demands and all the players need to be aware of their responsibility in a Chelsea shirt. That is the way football is,” Silva was quoted by Football London as saying. “People single out the goalkeeper or the centre-backs, but the main responsibilities come from across the team, starting upfront. “People will point out these errors, but I am not here for single errors or this and that. What I am here to do is to help the team on the pitch and meet the expectations. “I am the type of player who communicates a lot on the pitch and also is encouraging and motivating to those around me so that we can achieve great things at Chelsea. “In my vision, a team needs a solid defence, but people confuse things and think that defending is just the centre-backs, but the defence is the entire team, which starts with the player at the very front. “If we have a solid defence and given the individual quality we have across the team, we will be successful. But there needs to be an understanding that it’s not just the case for the defenders. “We will be playing the attackers with a good attacking ball, but similarly, they need to help out in defence with marking. We have a very intelligent coach in Frank Lampard, and he has been working on situations, namely where we have been below par. “Little by little, we will do great things for Chelsea.” 