Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, on Saturday urged the Federal government and the National Assembly to establish a commission of inquiry to probe the collapse of Prophet T.B. Joshua’s Synagogue Church of All Nations, SCOAN, in Lagos State. Fani-Kayode also called for public hearing on the collapsed building. Recall that SCOAN building had in 2014 collapsed, killing about 115 people. Following the collapse, there were allegations that the church building was attacked by a flying device, though nobody has been able to prove it. However, Fani-Kayode called on the National Assembly to conduct public hearing in a bid to resolve the mystery surrounding the building collapse. In a series of tweets, the former minister wrote: “On September 12th 2014, 6 years ago today, 115 people were killed when a flying device brought down a building in the premises of Prophet T.B. Joshua’s Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) in Lagos, Nigeria. This was an unprecedented and premeditated act of terror yet up until today no-one has been brought to book for it and the authorities have swept the entire event under the carpet. “Worse of all is the perfidious, self-serving and insidious attempt by the relevant authorities to make the whole thing look as if it was nothing but a terrible accident that took place as a result of a faulty foundation for reasons best known to themselves. “We remember the Christian martyrs that were killed on that day and we continue to celebrate their lives, share the pain of their families and Church and mourn them. “My heart goes out to my friend & brother Prophet T.B. Joshua, to SCOAN itself and to the families of all those that were so cruelly murdered on that day. I call on the FG to establish a Commission of Inquiry to investigate this matter and I call on the National Assembly to commence a public hearing to establish all the relevant facts. “The only way we can honor the dead is to bring the full force of the law to bear on those that murdered them. May the souls of the great martyrs that were killed on that day continue to rest in peace and may God expose and bring to justice those that were behind this hideous crime and barbaric act. NEVER AGAIN.”