The Bauchi State Police Command, on Tuesday, disclosed that in its efforts to stem the tide of sexual and gender-based violence in the State, it arrested 20 suspected rapists and paedophiles. The suspects, according to a press release signed by the command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ahmed Mohammed Wakili and made available to DAILY POST in Bauchi, were nabbed by police operatives between July and September in different parts of the State. The police spokesman, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), said that among the arrested suspects is one 20-year-old Usman Adamu who criminally conspired with three others, Adamu Muhammad (21); Nura Musa (20) and Khalid Abdullahi, now at large, all of Nasarawa area of Misau and abducted a 14-year-old girl, kept her in a house for a month and had carnal knowledge of her. “On receipt of the report, team of detectives drafted to the scene victim was rushed to General Hospital, Misau, for medical examination. Suspects were arrested and they confessed to the crime. Investigation is in progress after which suspects will be charged to court for prosecution as soon as possible,” DSP Wakili said. He further said that a father, one Umar Mohammed, alias Wulas (46) of Odoji quarters in Azare, lured his 15-year-old daughter who is of unsound mind with N50 and had carnal knowledge of her in her mother’s room on 31st July, 2020. “While suspect was arrested on 06/08/2020, victim was taken to General Hospital, Azare, for medical examination. Suspect confessed to the crime,” the PPRO stated, adding that the case is still being investigated after which the suspect will be charged to court. The police spokesman further stated that one Hussein Adamu of Tashan Badikko in Toro Local Government Area of the state was arrested for allegedly raping a housewife having psychiatric problem in a forest while on her way to receive treatment. The suspect was said to have committed the crime after threatening and demanding for N10,000 from the victim, which she could not afford. He was arrested after the victim’s husband, one Usman Musa made a complaint at Toro police station. DSP Wakili stated that, “when interrogated, the suspect confessed to have committed the crime. Investigation is ongoing after which suspects will be charged to court for prosecution as soon as possible.” He further stated that a 41-year-old man, one Musa Mohammad of Sabon Garin Galan Sade village Darazo LGA was arrested for defiling a seven-year-old girl on the farm, adding that the suspect confessed to committing the act. The police spokesman said that one Haruna Musa (25) was arrested for defiling and impregnating a 13-year-old girl in Ningi. The suspect was said to have lured the girl with egg and mango to commit the act. “On receiving the report, team of policemen drafted to the scene. Victim was rushed to General Hospital, Ningi, for medical examination. The doctor thereafter confirmed that the victim is carrying five (5) month pregnancy. The suspect was arrested and confessed to the crime,” DSP Wakili stated. He stated that three suspects, Abdullahi Adamu (25); Abdullahi Abubakar (23) and Auwalu Haruna (22), residents of Unguwar gara, Unguwar Kudu and Udubo respectively, for continuously defiling a nine-year-old girl at Gamawa motor park, Gamawa market public toilet and Gamawa market respectively. One Ibrahim Mohammed (45), a resident of Kofar Idi area of Bauchi metropolis, the PPRO stated, was arrested for sodomising an 11-year-old boy, adding that the suspect confessed to the crime when arrested. Meanwhile, the police spokesman has advised people of the state “to continue cooperating with police and other security agencies in combating crime in the state and report any incident to the police immediately for necessary action”. He also called on commercial tricycle riders, popularly known as Keke Napep, to be conscious of the calibre of people they carry as passengers and also avoid taking passengers to suspicious and isolated areas.