Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Pipelines and Product Marketing Company (PPMC), has announced an increment in the pump price of petrol. PPMC, a subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, said the pump price of petrol has increased to N151.56 per litre, in a statement signed by D.O Abalaka of the PPMC. 2. The Ikeja residence of late MKO Abiola was invaded by armed robbers on Wednesday. The robbers carted away valuables, including hard currencies. 3. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has rejected the hike in pump price of petrol and planned electricity tariff by the Nigerian government. PDP said the increment was an indication of the punishment Nigerians are being subjected to by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led federal government. 4. The All Progressives Congress (APC), has called on the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to wake up to a new Nigeria where the government works for the citizens, not for a few interests. The party said under the President Muhammadu Buhari administration, the tortuous fuel queues as a result of biting scarcities were gone. 5. The Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, has described the government to decision to hike the price of petrol as adding insult to injury. Comrade Ayuba Wabba, the NLC President rejected the new increase of Petroleum pump price to N151 per litre, saying, with the development, the organised labour cannot guarantee industrial harmony. 6. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Wednesday night, confirmed 216 new cases from 16 states. There are Plateau (59), Rivers (27), Abia (22), Lagos (20), Oyo (18), Enugu (17), Kaduna (11), FCT (11), Ogun (10), Ebonyi (4), Osun (4), Ekiti (4), Delta (3), Edo (3), Akwa Ibom (2) and Bauchi (1). 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed the concern of his administration about the sudden spiral of food prices, at a time when the economy is already mired in a slowdown occasioned by the global coronavirus situation. The President assured Nigerians that the situation is transient. His administration has already begun looking and putting in place measures to ameliorate the situation. 8. The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has told President Muhammadu Buhari’s government to immediately reverse the increment in pump price of petrol. SERAP, reacting on its official Twitter page, described the increment as a travesty, noting that the decision will affect millions of Nigerians struggling to make ends meet. 9. About five hundred members of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, from Isiala Ngwa South Local Government Area of Abia State, have defected to the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. The defectors were led into the PDP by the Isiala Ngwa North, Isiala Ngwa South and Osisioma Ngwa LGA chairmen of APGA, Mr. Martin’s Onwuka, Mr. Fineface Oguobi and Mr. Samuel Nkoro. 10. Nigeria will face Cote d’Ivoire and Tunisia in friendly matches in Austria next month. This was confirmed by the President of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), Amaju Pinnick, in a tweet thread on Wednesday, who also added that the Super Eagles take on Cote d’Ivoire on October 9 and 2004 Africa Cup of Nations winners Tunisia four days later.