Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Ezenwo Wike, has urged the Bauchi State government to continue its work in alleviating the challenges faced by the people of the state. Governor Wike stated this in Bauchi while flagging off the construction of 11 township roads in the state capital. He expressed satisfaction with the performance of his Bauchi State counterpart, Senator Bala Mohammed, despite the economic status of the state. According to the Rivers State helmsman, “It is not easy for a state with less IGR (internally generated revenues) to embark on the execution of developmental projects and that is the reason for my coming to Bauchi today. “Because of my relationship with the Bauchi governor and his desire to work for his people, the Rivers State government will continue to support him to work for the happiness of the entire citizens of Bauchi State.” He described the township roads construction as a good development, adding that it will improve the living conditions of the people of the benefiting areas. While congratulating Governor Mohammed on his administration’s achievements in the area of infrastructure development, Wike advised that the administration sustains its track record to improve the lot of the people. Governor Wike then called on the people of the state to give Governor Mohammed the necessary support needed to embark on more positive programmes and projects. “On behalf of the government and people of Rivers State, it is my honour and privilege to be in Bauchi and perform the flag-off ceremony of township roads in Bauchi metropolis. “These road project is a welcome development and will contribute to improving the living conditions of the affected beneficiaries,” Wike said. In his speech at the event, Governor Mohammed said the construction of the 11 township roads provides an opportunity for his administration to demonstrate its readiness to promote infrastructural development in the state. According to him, the roads to be constructed with adequate drainage systems were selected based on the needs of the people after due consultations with relevant stakeholders at the grassroots. When completed, the governor said, the roads will not only make the affected communities accessible but also help in draining stormwater which has been a problem in the communities. Governor Mohammed stated that his administration on assumption of office over a year ago was left with no option than to reverse the ugly trend. This, he said, is as a result of the neglect and abandonment suffered by urban centres and historical towns in the state before he came on board as the state governor. “My government is being responsive to the yearnings and aspirations of its people thus resolute in fulfilling all campaign promises. “I am glad that Your Excellency (Governor Wike) has accepted my invitation to flag-off these road projects. As you can see for yourself, Bauchi is very happy to receive you,” Governor Mohammed said.