President Muhammadu government has come under attack over the compulsory registration of self-certification forms. The Buhari-led government had on Thursday ordered that all Nigerians with account holders in any financial institution must obtain, complete and submit Self–Certification Forms. The forms are required by the relevant financial institutions to do due diligence procedures in line with the Income Tax Regulations 2019. The government announced that failure to adhere to this instruction will attract sanctions, which may include monetary penalty or inability to operate the account. This development has led to criticisms from Nigerians on Twitter, accusing the government of always making life difficult for Nigerians. Some Nigerians queried the importance of BVN and National ID card, if every account holder needs to fill out a self certification form in the midst of pandemic. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @AyoOyalowo “ BVN. National Driver’s license. National ID card. INEC registration. International Passport. Biometrics were taken in all these places. Why do you people like to see us suffer in queues for no reason? Can’t you take whatever data you need already? This is just so wrong.” @Omojuwa “ Na you do National ID card, na you do SIM registration, you even did Bank Verification Number to align accounts but you are here again talking “Self-Certification. Even if you are confused about running government, can you at least pretend not to be confused? @OfficialMrSeun “All the above mentioned have all our biometrics and facial recognition. What the heck is self certification? @Ogbenidipo “ Small time they will ask us to go and bring the left finger of our dead grand mothers. Because after BVN, Drivers Licence, International Passport, Birth Certificate, SIM registration, National ID card, I don’t know what else they want.” @Mccoyinnocent “ They will even ask us to submit our death certificates by ourselves.” @OkusegunVerdict “ BVN. Driver’s license. National ID card. INEC registration. International passport. Biometrics were taken in all these places. So, what is the meaning of this? @Victor_Terhemba “ This has got to be the most stupid government in the entire world.Why couldn’t the FG mandate the banks or FIRS to provide an online platform where customers can fill this form. And since we have BVN linked to all accounts, you don’t have to fill the form multiple times.” @IamWakajeje “ Obtain, complete, and submit a SELF – CERTIFICATION FORM? So BVN registration looks like a third-party certification form to you guy? We are in 2020 for Christ sake, you guys should have senses.” @DocTour “ Dear Government of Nigeria, for once in your 60 years of existence, have some sense. You wake up and just decide to make life difficult.Are you the only country in the world? Do you want to ruin your citizens? Why? You have no shame? Kind regards.” @Islimfit “ Forward-thinking Nations are building digital solutions to solve various problems. But in 2020, our own government still wants us to go queue under the sun to fill and submit “self a certification” forms despite National ID, BVN, Voters Card etc. Suffer no dey taya you?