The Ekiti State All Progressives Congress (APC), on Monday, summoned the Special Adviser on Political Matters to the President, Senator Babafemi Ojudu and 10 others to appear before a disciplinary committee for alleged insubordination and antiparty activities. Also summoned was Hon Oyetunde Ojo, an inlaw to APC National Leader, Senator Ahmed Bola Tinubu. The party had set up an eight-member disciplinary committee headed by former Speaker of the Ekiti State House of Assembly, Hon Sola Ajigbolamu, to invite Ojudu and others to answer questions as to why they had allegedly refused to withdraw cases they instituted against the party. The party expressed worries over the recalcitrant postures of the aggrieved members despite the intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari and the National Executive Council (NEC). Others who were invited alongside Ojudu include Engr Ayo Ajibade, Hon. Oyetunde Ojo, Hon Femi Adeleye, Bunmi Ogunleye, Akin Akomolafe, Bamigboye Adegoroye, Wole Oluyede, Olusoga Owoeye, Dele Afolabi, Toyin Oluwasola, and Ben And Oguntuase Addressing journalists in Ado Ekiti yesterday, a member of the party’s disciplinary committee and APC’s Director of Media and Publicity, Sam Oluwalana, said the eight-man committee has been set up to invite and query them over their hard lining postures. Oluwalana said the party’s NEC on July 25, 2020, directed all members to withdraw all pending cases in courts and urged that they explore internal mechanisms to resolve their differences, which he said forced the party to invoke article 21 of the APC’s constitution by way of commencement of suspension procedure against them. He said the disciplinary committee of eight members headed by former Speaker Ajigbolamu, has been given ten days to complete their assignments and report to the National Working Committee for proper action. “You will recall that on 25th July 2020, the National Executive Council headed by President Buhari passed a resolution directing members of the party to withdraw not to institute any court action and to withdraw their cases in court to explore the internal conflict resolution mechanisms of the party. “The caretaker finds it worrisome that despite the directive of NEC and the subsequent steps taken by the party to ensure compliance, there have been a number of court cases by party members seeking for the dissolution of the Caretaker Committee /State Congresses in complete disregard of the directive of NEC. “The leadership of the party has decided to invoke the provisions of Article 21 of the party constitution against members of the party who have flouted the directive”. Oluwalana said the composition of the disciplinary committee aligned with the directive given by the Mai Mala Buni-led caretaker committee that each chapter must set up a committee to try alleged erring members. “Let me clarify here, this is not a suspension but an invitation. We are not here to witch-hunt anybody, all those involved will be given a fair hearing. “But we are worried that many of our party members have not withdrawn those cases and there must be discipline among our ranks”. Oluwalana quoted the directive of the caretaker committee as follows: “all state executive committees must set up a disciplinary committee to commence and complete the process of suspension of the above-mentioned members. “You are expected to forward to the National Secretariat all records of the disciplinary proceedings against them, for disobeying the directive of the NEC if July 25, 2020, for ratification”.