The police in Ogun State said it has in custody four suspects who reportedly beat a policeman to death on Sunday. The policeman, identified as PC Agada Akoh, was said to have been beaten to coma by the hoodlums, who left him in the pool of his own blood at Dalemo area of Sango-Ota. The four suspects – Jelili Ismaila, 22; Amidu Bankole, 34; Elijah Samson, 36 and Moses Proboye, 34, were all nabbed after information reached the police at Sango division at about 9:30pm that a policeman has been beaten to coma by some hoodlums. DAILY POST learned that the DPO of the police station, CSP Godwin Idehai, led his men to the scene where he met the policeman already unconscious. “The officer was quickly rushed to the general hospital Ota for medical care but he gave up the ghost while receiving treatment.” A statement by Ogun Police Spokesperson, Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Monday, has it that preliminary investigation revealed that the dead policeman and one other had escorted their principal from Idah in Kogi state to Lagos State. Oyeyemi said, “On their way passing through Sango Ota, a truck driver, Jelili Ismaila, drove dangerously and almost pushed their vehicle off the road. While trying not to hit the vehicle conveying the officers, the truck entered a pothole as a result of which its tyre got punctured.” This, he added, made the two policemen come down and cautioned the truck driver, asking him to be mindful of other road users. However, the Ogun PPRO informed that the driver accused them of being at fault thereby “mobilising hoodlums to attack the officers and their principal with dangerous weapons and beating the deceased to coma.” When they realised that the policeman may not survive the attack, the driver and his hired hoodlums, Oyeyemi stated, took to their heels. But, the police said, “luck ran out on four of them when the DPO and his men, on a tip-off, stormed their hideout and got them arrested while the other four escaped.” The remains of the officer, DAILY POST learned has been deposited at the Ota General Hospital mortuary. Meanwhile, the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, Edward Ajogun, has described the incident as barbaric, saying it was an act of lawlessness. Ajogun ordered that a massive manhunt be launched for the four fleeing suspects, warning that an unwarranted attack on his men will not be tolerated. The CP has then directed that the arrested suspects be transferred to the homicide section of the state CIID for in-depth investigations and prosecution.