The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, an Igbo socio-cultural organization, has alleged of ongoing efforts by fifth columnists and some Igbo politicians working with external forces to thwart Igbo ambition to occupy the nation’s number one seat in 2023. The Igbo group disclosed that the plan to scuttle the 2023 presidency includes instigating mass protests by Biafra agitators across state capital cities in South East, as well as to provide logistics for increased Biafra Agitations programmes in the southeast to justify the fear amongst prominent Nigerians especially the North that 2023 Igbo presidency will usher in Referendum and Biafra Independence. OYC, in a press release signed by its President, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and the Secretary-General, Okwu Nnabuike, and forwarded to DAILY POST, Wednesday, also alleged that part of the grand plot to jeopardize Igbo presidency was to incite confusion in the ranks of South East Governors and portrayed the governors as losing control as Chief Security Officers of their various states. Parts of the release partly stated, “OYC through intelligence gathering, that after series of clandestine meetings in August 2020, in Abuja, Minna and Lagos, Igbo external detractors had successfully mobilised some powerful politicians of South East extraction, which includes, some members of National Assembly (Who are being promised 2023 Governorship tickets in their various states), a former Governor who felt that southeast governors betrayed PDP in 2019 presidential elections, three former ministers and leaders of Igbo socio-cultural organisations. “The first grand plan designed by Igbo external detractors is to deny Igbos, 2023 PDP presidential ticket, a political party which Igbo had voted massively Since 21 years now. The recent recruitment of these Igbo musketeers is to repeat the same episode of 1998 Jos PDP convention where external forces used a former Governor of Old Anambra State to work against Dr Alex Ekwueme in favour of Chief Olusegun Obasanjo in PDP Jos ‘98 convention. These recruited Igbo leaders are working for a northerner to clinch PDP presidential ticket in 2023. The first assignment was to mobilise Igbo groups and few elders to use the Enugu massacre of Igbo youths as launching strikes against southeast governors, and portrayed them as weak before the public. “Igbo youths wish to categorically warn PDP national leadership that any attempt to deny 2023 PDP presidential ticket from Igbo, will trigger massive defection of all the PDP Igbo States to APC by 2022, including losing Anambra State to APC in 2021. It will be a sheer betrayal for Igbo to labour for PDP since 1999 and Igbo will be denied her party presidential ticket in 2023. OYC wish to remind all these recruited Igbo politicians, whose vain mission is to thwart 2023 Igbo presidency project for vice presidential ticket or Senate presidency of 10th Assembly, should know that Igbo youths know their identities, their planned activities and have their dossiers.”