Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, on Wednesday, said his administration will remain grateful to God that since 2015 he assumed office the State has not recorded any bank robbery. Ikpeazu said he is thankful that the State remains one of the safest places in the country to do business. The Governor disclosed this while commissioning the internal asphalt Ring Road of the Aba Area Command of the Nigeria Police Force embarked upon by his administration. According to him, his government will not relent towards providing conducive working environment for the officers and men of the Nigeria Police Force, whom he described as the first responders and frontliners in the security architecture of the State. Governor Ikpeazu, who was accompanied by his Deputy, Rt Hon. Ude Oko Chukwu on the visit which is part of the ongoing projects inspection and commissioning program tagged “Kinetic Abia”, commended the Police for their good works in the state which have made the state to remain above board in security compared to other states of the Federation. The Governor, who underscored the priority his administration places on security of life and property assured that his administration will continue to provide necessary support to the police and other security agencies in the state to improve their crime fighting capacity and called for maintenance of synergy between the security agencies in the state. In his address, the Aba Area Commander of the Nigeria Police Force, ACP Kabiru Ibrahim said the Command which covers about 4 LGAs appreciates the transformative road project within their working environment and assured that the Force will continue to work with the State Government to improve security within its coverage area. ACP Ibrahim described the successful completion of the asphalting of their premises by Governor Ikpeazu’s administration as a demonstration of visionary leadership in the State. Meanwhile, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu had on arrival, inspected the Guard of Honour mounted by the police, as well as unveiled the memorial Plaque. The Governor, represented by his Deputy, Rt Hon Ude Oko Chukwu, later commissioned the asphalt overlay project executed within the premises of the State High Court, Aba, by his administration. Speaking during the event, Governor Ikpeazu assured the judiciary of continuous support from his administration and called on them to ensure justice to all manner of men. In his response, the state Chief Judge, Justice Onuoha Ogwe, expressed the appreciation of the judiciary to the Governor for the facelift and described the Aba High Court as an important judicial division in the State. Ikpeazu also visited the sites of ongoing reconstruction of Ojike lane and Milverton Avenue in Aba and expressed satisfaction with the quality of work being done by the contractors.