The Chairman of Pan Niger Delta Forum, Air Commodore Indogesit Nkanang has expressed hope that the victory of Gov. Godwin Obaseki of Edo State would restore political unity as well as bring development to the Niger Delta region. He added that since the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, had won in Edo State, it would bring harmony among sister States who are of same party as it would enable them to discuss political issues with common party manifesto. Nkanang who is a PDP stalwart in Akwa Ibom stated this to newsmen at his residence on Monday while reflecting on the outcome of Edo governorship elections. He, however, recalled that the Niger Delta People were happy that development would be facilitated in the zone when the south south governors conceived the BRACED commission that is, Bayelsa, Rivers, Akwa Ibom, Cross River, Edo and Delta, unfortunately, the zone at some point lost Edo State to the All Progressives Congress. Nkanang a former military administrator in Akwa Ibom State also described Obaseki’s victory as victory for democracy admitting that people were initially apprehensive over the outcome of the election but at the end peoples’ vote counted. He also said that Gov. Obaseki’s victory was a proof that godfatherism was coming to an end in the country as the people were able to vote their candidate irrespective of who the godfather wanted. His words, “Godfatherism, we are seeing the end of it. Adams Oshiomhole came to power preaching that godfatherism will come to an end in Edo State. I remember the days of Tony Anenih and the rest of them saying no to godfatherism. He was lucky, he went in at that time. “So people must have been very upset that after doing that, he turned himself into a god, not just a godfather, he wanted to be god and of course, the people rejected him. “The victory is a sweet relief to PANDEF because all the governors of the South-South would now be free to speak knowing that their political thinking will now be the same.
I was not surprised that the BRACED Commission was doing very well when it first started. We see everybody being happy within the Niger Delta region, they were thinking alike, development was coming until a virus came into it when we lost Edo State to other political parties.”
—