The Joint Kwara Labour Congress, on Monday, issued a 14-day ultimatum to Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq’s administration to sign the new N30,000 minimum wage into law or risk industrial action. In a resolution at the end of its congress meeting in Ilorin, the state capital, the congress said ” At the expiration of the 14-day ultimatum, if its demands are not met, it would embark on an industrial action.” The resolution was signed by the state Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, Aliyu Issa Ore, Trade Union Congress, TUC, Ezekiel Adegoke, and Joint Negotiating Council, JNC, Saliu Suleiman. The congress also accused the state government of not remitting union dues and third party deductions among other sundry allegations. Part of the resolution read; “We observe that the state government, after the negotiations of the new minimum wage, has refused to sign the agreement for immediate implementation to all categories of workers in the state, despite several letters to this effect. “The congress, having critically analysed the economic implications of the present situation on the agreed minimum wage, therefore, demands immediate signing and implementation of the already agreed minimum wage for all categories of workers of the state, as well as review of the negotiated minimum wage by 50 percent for the state workers. “We note with dismay the directive of Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq to the state Ministry of Finance, to stop deductions and or remittance of union check-off dues and other third party deductions to the concerned unions and associations in the state. “We, therefore, urge the state government to reverse this directive and remit to all concerned industrial unions and associations, all deducted dues without further delay,” the congress declared. In a swift reaction, Rafiu Ajakaye, the Chief Press Secretary to the governor, said, “Very soon, there will be some pronouncements on the minimum wage.” Commending the labour unions for their patience, the governor’s spokesman said “negotiations are ongoing and there may be no need for a strike, because the two sides are showing mutual understanding. “We show good faith as a government, as we also commend labour unions in the state and the entire workforce in the state,” Ajakaye added.