Oyo State Police Command, on Monday, confirmed the killing of another teenager in Ibadan, the State capital. DAILY POST gathered that a teenager identified as Mary Daramola was last week raped and subsequently killed. The killing of Miss Daramola is coming a few months after the killing of some women, including an 18-year old Barakat Bello in Akinyele local government area of Ibadan. The killing of Daramola was said to have been carried out by her alleged boyfriend. Public Relations Officer of the State Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi confirmed the killing of Daramola. Fadeyi said that Daramola was allegedly murdered by her boyfriend, identified as Toheeb Ganiyu. He said that the unfortunate incident occurred in the Alabata area of Ibadan. Fadeyi maintained that the suspect, Ganiyu has been arrested by the command. The PRO in the statement issued on behalf of the Commissioner of Police, Mr. Joe Enwonwu said that, “The attention of the Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Command CP Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, psc has been drawn to a sensational story trending on the social media and some of the respected online newspapers with the caption “Another lady raped, killed in Ibadan community. “The CP wishes to state that this is not another ritual killing in Akinyele Local Government community as widely reported. Information received from the Divisional Police Officer, DPO Moniya revealed that, on Monday 24/08/2020 at about 2000hrs, one Toheeb Ganiyu ‘m’ of Alabata town in Akinyele Local Government Area of Ibadan was alleged to have taken one Daramola Mary ‘f’ 18years, his supposed girlfriend to his house and fed her with trophy beer before having carnal knowledge of her. “Consequent upon this, Mary was later met dead with traces of semen on her private part and blood stain on her mouth. The suspect was later arrested and preliminary investigation was carried out at the Divisional Police Headquarters, Moniya where his statement was obtained under caution before being transferred to State Criminal Investigation Department, CID Iyaganku Ibadan for discreet investigation where he is presently under custody. “The CP wishes to further reiterates that, it was not a case of ritual killing as widely publicized on the social media, but a case of suspected murder that occurred between two lovers that later eventually turned sour thereafter. He further seizes this opportunity to appeal to parents/guardians to monitor their children/wards movement and where they visit to prevent this type of ugly occurrence in our society. Likewise, youths/teenagers are advised to be actively involved in positive activities to enable them gain skills, knowledge, self esteem and thereby shone acts that are capable of causing breakdown of law and order. “Consequently, the command still remains committed to the protection of lives and properties of the good citizens of Oyo State. The CP further assures that adequate security measures have been placed in nooks and crannies of Ibadan metropolis and the entire Oyo State as a whole as we approach the ember months and beyond”.