The Chairman, Kogi State selection committee of the Federal Government Special Public Work program Mr Afolabi Joseph Raji has dismissed the speculations that the recruitment process has been hijacked by high profile politicians and government officials in the state. Mr Raji made this disclosure on Monday at a town hall meeting with stakeholders in Lokoja Local Government. He said that the committee will continue to be transparent in its selection process stressing that, no politician or party officials will be allowed to sabotage the good intention of President Muhammadu Buhari in delivering good dividends of democracy to all Nigerians. The chairman while handing forms to the Senior Special Assistant on Security to Governor Bello in Lokoja Local Government, Hon. Mohammed Dansebe warned that the employment of these Nigerians should not be based on party affairs. He stressed further that all participants must be residents of the state and must be physically fit to do the job. “Each local government will be given 700 forms. This is because out of the 1000 forms, 300 have been allocated on a preferential basis. They are federal, state lawmakers, traditional rulers, Islamic and Christian body, Persons with disabilities, Trade Union, Civil society and many more. “This form should not be given to APC members alone. It should spread across all party lines. We won’t accept any attempt to make this enrollment a party issue. “Even though this is a program of the APC government led by Buhari, we have been directed by the federal government that this is for all Nigerians. All parties should be carried along in the selection process. Let me warn, we won’t tolerate any act that negates the good intention of President Muhammadu Buhari. “There is going to be a monitoring team. Whoever that is not found in their duty post will be removed from the scheme” the selection committee chairman warned. Responding, the SSA security to Governor Bello in Lokoja Local Government Hon. Mohammed Dansebe assured the committee of total transparency in the selection process. It was, however, gathered that 21,000 persons are expected to participate in the Special Public Work program initiated by the federal government.