Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemate, Neo was on Wednesday caught washing his love interest, Vee’s pants. Nengi had walked in on Vee complaining that one of her pants was missing after the Lipton task. But, she immediately noticed that Neo was still washing the pants and other cloths. Reacting, Nengi who was shocked, said Vee was a lucky girl. However, Vee explained that Neo was washing her pants because she is a clean girl. Nengi said, “Wow Vee, you are such a lucky girl, Neo even washes pants.” Vee responded, “He knows I am a clean girl, that’s the reason.” Reacting, some Nigerians said Neo was disgracing men, while others claimed it’s a sign
of love. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered: @iammemzy, “Neo is washing Vee’s pant.
Jisos! Why are men disgracing me these past days.Even Nengi is shocked.” @Edikan_v, “So what if Neo washed pant? is it a crime? Guys, keep washing pant if it makes you happy. Don’t let men on twitter tell you what you should or shouldn’t do for the woman you like.” @henryagu, “So men are going to make an issue of washing pant because Neo did. If you wash pant, your hands will not wither.” @kaydeyofficial, “You all are dragging Neo because he washed pant for Vee, meanwhile most of you have done it and more but when it comes to her washing your boxers, you all will be so comfortable and praising her a wife material.” @edintocho, “Neo washing Vee’s pant on a reality show is just stupidity on a high level.” @victorAlex4, “Neo washing Vee’s pant last night. Warri boy don finally carry last.” @kingozaz, “Women can wash your pant and nobody will talk but when a man wash a woman’s pant it becomes a big deal.” @Indicejnr, “If it was ozo now they’ll all say Nengi is controlling him, meanwhile ozo has never washed clothes for Nengi.” @idyrez, “So all this while we taught it is Ozo who is the Ozwor, little did we know that Neo is busy washing Vee’s pant. Dear Ozo, we’re sorry for ridiculing you all this while.” @sortedtv_1, “Neo was trying to play smart at first like, he had no clue he was washing Vee’s pant and Vee went to cast him.”