The All Progressives Congress (APC) has reacted to Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) statement that condemned the increased petrol price and electricity tariff. The party said successive PDP governments foisted Nigeria a corruption-tainted fuel subsidy regime. APC spokesman, Yekini Nabena, in a statement on Wednesday, urged PDP, its members “and cronies who ran subsidy rackets to return our stolen commonwealth in their possession.” He said under President Muhammadu Buhari administration, fuel queues as a result of biting scarcities are gone. Nabena noted that the reviewed petroleum products pricing template has resulted in a more transparent, efficient and realistic pricing system for petroleum products. “In an effort by this administration to put an end to estimated and arbitrary billing for electricity, President Buhari recently directed a nationwide mass metering programme for electricity consumers in the country. “For the PDP that is only concerned with pushing the interests of its few cronies over the general interest and welfare of the citizenry, we don’t expect the PDP to grasp the import of this landmark presidential directive which aside improving electricity and service delivery, is also protecting the poor and vulnerable Nigerians from increased electricity tariff and arbitrary/estimated billings. “Commendably, the federal government is already working to ensure that Electricity Distribution Companies (DISCOs) commit to increasing the number of hours of electricity supply every day and also improve on their quality of service. “Perhaps the PDP is also unaware, that the current administration has approved a one-year waiver of import levy on electricity meters, so that Nigerians who do not have meters can be supplied as early as possible at a reasonable cost.” The APC told the PDP to wake up to the new Nigeria where the government works for the citizens not a few interests. The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) has directed its members in the South-West States to sell Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) at N162 per litre. 