Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Nigeria on Tuesday recorded 239 new cases of the novel coronavirus, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) said. The country now has a total of 54,247 confirmed cases, with 42,010 persons discharged and 1,023 deaths. 2. A former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, on Tuesday escaped death in a car crash, with two policemen attached to his convoy confirmed dead. The accident happened when an articulated vehicle lost control and ran into Oshiomhole’s convoy near Oluku junction in the Ovia North-East Local Government Area of Edo State. 3. The Presidency on Tuesday doused speculations that the Companies and Allied Matters Act 2020 was targeted at churches, mosques and other religious bodies. The Special Assistant to the President on Niger Delta Affairs and former National Assembly Presidential Liaison Officer, Senator Ita Enang, made the clarification during a brief ceremony held at the secretariat of the Christain Association of Nigeria in Abuja, where he received the position paper of CAN on behalf of the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd). 4. Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has made claims about Pastor Enoch Adeboye’s refusal to speak with the press after his meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on Monday. Kanu claimed that what the Pastor saw in Aso Rock his mouth could not speak. 5. Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have abducted the Chief Medical Director, CMD, of the General Hospital in Idoani, Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State. The kidnappers, who laid ambush on the CMD, Dr. Olufemi Adeogun also abducted a record officer with the hospital, Mrs. Foluke Ajibola and another yet to be identified victim. 6. The Director of Finance and Account in the Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs, Moses Chimereze Okpo, is dead. Ani Ekong, spokesperson to the Minister, Godswill Akpabio, confirmed that director had been sick even before the pandemic era. 7. The Senate on Tuesday denied the claim by the Executive Director (Projects) of NDDC, Cairo Ojuogboh, that National Assembly members got between N20m and 15m as COVID-19 palliatives from the from the Nigerian Delta Development Commission, NDDC. Senate charged Ojuogboh to provide evidence of lawmakers who benefitted from the funds or publicly apologize for making such an allegation. 8. The President of the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Rev. Olasupo Ayokunle, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to ensure the suspension of the implementation of the Companies and Allied Matters Act, CAMA. Ayokunle warned that the CAMA Act was inimical to the interest, security, peace and stability of Nigerians, hence should be suspended. 9. The Kogi State Government has disclosed date for reopening of schools at all levels in the state. Wemi Jones, the state’s Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology, disclosed that primary, secondary schools and tertiary institutions would reopen on September 14. 10. No fewer than eight people, including women and children have been confirmed dead after a canoe capsized at Tungar-Gegero in Jega Local Government Area of Kebbi State. The Chairman, Kebbi State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA), Alhaji Sani Dododo, who disclosed this to newsmen in Birnin Kebbi on Tuesday, said that at about 10:30 a.m., there was an incident at Tungar-Gegero in Jega Local Government Area, where eight people lost their lives to canoe mishap.