Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A wanted criminal gang leader in Benue State, Terwase Agwaza, otherwise known Gana, has been killed. Terwase had turned himself in, following the amnesty programme by the State government in Katsina Ala township stadium in Katsina Ala Local Government Area of Benue North, but, while being conveyed to Makurdi, some military men intercepted and killed him. 2. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has granted amnesty to 42 repentant youths, urging them to take the opportunity seriously and reintegrate themselves in the society to live normal lives. He also disclosed that though over 80 repentant youths from Katsina-Ala, 67 from Logo and 25 from Ukum Local Government Areas surrendered their arms and were being conveyed to Makurdi, only 42 made it to the destination following the incident that led to the arrest of Gana. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has revealed his discussion with the US president, Donald Trump, over the killing of Christians in the country. Speaking in Abuja on Tuesday, at the First Year Ministerial Performance Review Retreat of his second term, Buhari said the American president asked him to explain why he is killing Christians in Nigeria. 4. The United Nations, on Tuesday, revealed that from 2009 until December 2018, 611 teachers were killed and 910 schools damaged or destroyed in Nigeria by terrorists. The UN stated that education in emergency partners are appealing for $55 million USD to provide emergency education to 3.1 conflict-affected children in the northeast Nigeria this year. 5. A former Deputy National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Bode George, has warned against the hike in electricity tariff and pump price of petrol. Bode George warned that President Muhammadu Buhari should reverse the increment because Nigeria was at the verge of collapse. 6. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) on Tuesday re-arraigned Malabu Oil & Gas Limited, Aliyu Abubakar and 6 others before Justice I. E. Ekwo of the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja. Others were: A Group Construction Company Limited, Rocky Top Resources Limited, Megatech Engineering Limited, Novel Properties and Development Company Limited, Imperial Union Limited and Carlin International Nigeria Limited. 7. Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has revealed that it costs over N400,000 to treat a coronavirus patient. Governor El-Rufai, who made the claim when he addressed traditional rulers in the state on ways to curb the spread of the COVID-19 on Tuesday, said the State has to bear the cost of treatment of patients because many Nigerians cannot afford the bills. 8. Former Abia State Governor, Senator Orji Uzo Kalu, has said he has what it takes to bring Nnamdi Kanu back to Nigeria and convince him to drop the agitation for Biafra. Kalu, in a statement he signed and made available to reporters in Abuja on Tuesday, said he is the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, will listen to him. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has listed the controversial rehabilitation and reintegration of repentant Boko Haram members into the society as part of the achievements of his administration. The President in his closing remarks on Tuesday at the ministerial retreat listed the policy alongside Second Niger Bridge, N2.3Trillion Economic Sustainability Plan and the responses of the government to the COVID19 pandemic as part of the successes of the administration. 10. A former Chief of Defence Staff, General Martin Luther Agwai, Rtd, on Tuesday, charged Governor Nasir el-Rufai of Kaduna State, to take proactive measures towards ensuring that the persistent crises in the southern part of the state are resolve during his tenure. The former CDS, who acknowledged that the crises in the southern Kaduna predated his administration, noted it is possible that God would want to use governor El-Rufai to end the crisis.