The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA), on Wednesday, removed makeshift houses and brothels in Daki biyu community, at Jabi District, in continuation of its efforts to rid the city of illegal structures. The operation was led by the Director, FCTA Development Control Department, Malam Muktar Galadima, with over 100 security personnel and many vigilance groups. Galadima noted that the operation was necessary due to the rising cases of security challenges in FCT. The director added that the exercise was in pursuance of the 13 points Next Level Mandate of the FCT Administration. He said all the plots of land occupied by illegal inhabitants of the Daki Biyu community were designed for certain purposes. He added that the management will make sure that all makeshift houses and brothels removed never return to those places again, NAN reports. “Every administration has its own philosophy and style, the current FCT administration wants everything to be done, based on due process and due diligence. “Like I told you, this operation or exercise is necessitated by the rising case of security challenges and in the course of our operations, we discovered some jackknifes in one place called Sambisa. “These jackknifes can be used to lynch a person,” Galadima added. He appealed to the indigenous community to assist the FCTA to sanitise the city and curtail activities of men of the underworld in Abuja. Chief Security Officer (CSO) to the FCT Minister, Mr Ahmed Rasheed, added that the operation was carried out with the cooperation of the FCT Commissioner of Police, Bala Ciroma , based on intelligence gatherings. Rasheed said that intelligence gatherings had revealed that there were hoodlums and criminals in the village and the operation would ensure that FCT was safe for all and sundry. The Palace Secretary of Daki Biyu community, Mr Andy Sanga, on the other hand described the operation as “very painful but we have to take it in good faith because we can’t fight the government.” Sanga, who said that the government was doing the right thing, appealed to the FCTA to show pity, considering the harsh economic realities in the country, NAN reports.