Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State has assured that the killers of a traditional ruler, Da Bulus Chuwang Janka, the Acting Gwom Rwey of Foron District in Barkin Ladi Local Government Area of the State will be “apprehended and dealt with accordingly”. DAILY POST recalls that the traditional ruler was murdered on Monday night at his residence, at Rasat, Foron District of Barkin Ladi Local Government Area of the state by unknown persons. Lalong, through his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Simon Macham, expressed anger over the killing of the monarch. He said the murderers will not be allowed to go unpunished as security agencies in collaboration with local intelligence have launched a thorough investigation to arrest the perpetrators and their collaborators. According to the governor, “The Local Government Chairman and heads of security agencies have briefed me on the sad development and the level of investigation so far. I have repeated my charge to them that the days of unknown gunmen is over in Plateau State as innocent people cannot be killed without anybody being apprehended and put to trial. “We are using the concept of community policing to dig into this particular case and see to it that the criminals are arrested. If we do not do so, more criminals will be bold to attack and kill our citizens”, he assured. The Governor also appealed to citizens across the State to intensify vigilance against criminals who are bent on rupturing the peace of the State at all costs, assuring that they will not be allowed to succeed. Lalong sympathised with the family of the Royal father, the people of Barkin Ladi as well as the entire state over the unfortunate incident. He asked people of the area to cooperate with the Local Government Authority as well as security agencies in not only cracking this case, but also preventing further occurrences. Also reacting to the killing of the traditional ruler, the Senator representing Plateau North, Istifanus Gyang, described the dastard act as “inhuman, barbaric and devilish”. Gyang, through his Special Adviser Media and Protocol, Ibrahim Musa Ashoms, expressed worry over the growing attacks, especially on traditional rulers. According to him, “The murderous act is a thing of concern that the attacks have continued inspite of a series of peace-building engagements and dialogue been undertaken at governmental and non-governmental levels. “It is worrisome that the crisis merchants are bent on bloodletting and terrorising communities and their traditional rulers despite all the efforts”, he decried. The lawmaker called on government and security agencies to fish out the perpetrators for prompt prosecution. According to him, “If this is not tackled immediately, the lawless, bloodthirsty criminals and terrorists would be emboldened in their evil acts, thereby endangering peace and peace-loving citizens.” He commiserated with the immediate family of the deceased Royal father and entire people of the state.