Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Chairman, Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Governor’s Forum, Aminu Tambuwal, has expressed worry over the fire which engulfed the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) headquarters in Akure ahead of the Ondo State governorship election. Tambuwal, during the Ondo PDP campaign flag-off on Saturday, said the party suspected foul play by the All Progressives Congress, APC, in order to rig the poll. 2. Unknown gunmen, Saturday stormed Banigo Isile-Ogono community in Bonny Local Government Area of Rivers State, shot sporadically and abducted several persons in a gory operation. Some of the abducted victims are identified as Sunny Hart, Thomas Allison and Theophilus Ibiama, among several others. Chairman of Bonny Local Government Council, David Irimagha and lawmaker representing Bonny Constituency in the Rivers State House of Assembly, Abinye Blessing Pepple, escaped being killed in the attack. 3. The Ogun State Police Command has threatened to deal with any member of the National Association of Nigeria Students (NANS) who tries to protest the recent hike in fuel price as well as the increase in electricity tariff. The command, in a statement on Saturday, said it was in receipt of reliable intelligence that some disgruntled elements were bent on disturbing public peace in some parts of Ogun State, starting from Monday, September 14. 4. Ahead of the October 10 governorship election in Ondo State, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Saturday, flagged off its campaign. The National Chairman of the party, Prince Uche Secondus, while advising the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC and Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, who is seeking re-election against rigging, he emphasized that the outing of the party in Oyo State in 2019 where Governor Seyi Makinde defeated the ruling party will be repeated in Ondo come October 10. 5. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) says organised labour will soon state their position on the hike in fuel and electricity price. Ayuba Wabba, NLC President, said on Saturday that labour’s Central Working Committee (CWC) would meet and agree on appropriate action. 6. Labour Party (LP) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to use the Edo State governorship poll as a template for his administration’s electoral reform agenda. Julius Abure, LP National Secretary, gave the advice at a press briefing in Benin on Saturday. He told Buhari to ensure that the election was free, fair and credible. 7. Security agencies on Saturday carried out ‘Show of Force’ to assure Edo residents of their preparedness for the governorship election. The poll will be next Saturday. Nigerian Army, Nigerian Air Force, Nigeria Police Force, the Department of State Services and others participated in the exercise. 8.The World Health Organisation, WHO, has approved three African Centres for Disease Control as specialized continental reference sequencing research laboratories for emerging pathogens. WHO in conjunction with the African Centre for Disease Control (ACDC) have selected Redeemer’s University African Centre of Excellence for Infectious Diseases (ACEGID), Nigeria; South African National Bioinformatics Institute (SANBI) and Kwazulu-Natal Research Innovation and Sequencing Platform (KRISP) in South Africa. 9. The Federal Government has rescheduled its meeting with the Nigeria Labour Congress and Trade Union Congress on the state of the economy to Tuesday. The meeting will be holding at the Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Deputy Director, Press and Public Relations, Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, Charles Akpan, disclosed this on Saturday. 10. Controversial On-Air Personality, Daddy Freeze, has apologized to the founder of Living Faith Church, Bishop David Oyedepo, over an old clip where he called the cleric bald-headed old fowl. Freeze took to his social media pages, to upload a video where he apologized to the pastor. Regretting his action, he said he did not intend to in any way dishonour, disrespect or disregard the person of the Bishop.