Operatives of the Uyo Zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes, EFCC, have trailed and arrested about 22 suspected internet criminals in different locations in Imo State. In a statement signed by EFCC spokesperson, Dele Oyewale, and made available to DAILY POST correspondent in Uyo on Thursday, he said the Commission was able to nab the suspects through intelligence. Oyewale stated that the suspects who are all males were arrested on Monday, September 8, 2020, in a raid that lasted up to three hours. According to him, “It was an intelligence well gathered and executed as operatives of the Uyo zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, stormed some of the hideouts of suspected cyber criminals popularly known as yahoo-boys, at Owerri in Imo state and arrested twenty-two(22) of them at different locations in the state. “The all-male suspects, whose ages range from 20 to 41 were nabbed during a 3hour raid on Monday, September 8, 2020, at Sight and Services within World Bank in Ugwuma town and a building at Road Safety by Toronto road, Egbu, Owerri North, Imo state. “The arrested suspects are; Chinonso Anozie Frank, Ogadibo Victor Chikeluba, Clinton Njoku Onyekachi, Okoro Edwin Chigozie, Anozie Chibuzor Harold, Anyaeriuba Canice, Ogbuehi Anderson, Okere Nonye, Njoku Paul Chibuike, Ndalaka Felix Chukwuebuka and Anele Chibuike Timothy. “Others are; Chidi Kalu, Uparai Daniel, Ubochi Christian Ikechukwu, Udoka Obi, Chiagozie Morris Obiano, Moses Akaedite, Henry Princewill Chisom, Prince Ibe, Ugwuegbu Fredrick Ekenna, William Peter Obinna and Udoka Ihiekwe Kelechi.” He added that at the time of their arrest, several cars and gadgets were recovered from them and which included, “A black Lexus E5 330 with registration number NWA 866 AW; A silver coloured Toyota Corolla LE with registration number, FST 520 GJ; A silver coloured Toyota Camry with registration number, KRD 687 GF; and a blue Toyota Corolla LE with registration number, RSH 889 TD. “Others include a silver coloured Lexus E5 with registration number, MMA 745 AC; a black Toyota Venza with registration number, KWL 134 AV; a grey coloured Mercedes ML350 Jeep with registration number, GWA 587 EP and a silver coloured Toyota Highlander with registration number, BWR 912 JV. Also recovered from them are 15 laptops and 20 sophisticated mobile phones.” He said the suspects will be charged to court as soon as investigations are concluded.