An Iyaganku Chief Magistrates’ Court sitting in Ibadan has ordered the remind of no fewer than seven suspected kidnappers. DAILY POST gathered that the seven persons were arrested in connection with the kidnap of twins of an Ibadan based cleric, Sheik Taofeek Akewugbagold. On Monday the court ordered that the suspects involved in the kidnap of the two-year-old twins of the Oyo cleric be remanded in police custody. The seven persons are to be remanded in police custody, pending legal advice. The suspected kidnappers were; Mohammed Bashir, 33, Oyeleye Opeyemi, 25, Olumide Ajala, 36, Taiwo Ridwan, 30, Rafiu Mutiu, 35, Fatai Akanji, 49, and Modinat Rafiu, 29. The suspected kidnappers were charged with five counts bordering on conspiracy, kidnapping and keeping kidnapped victims in their house. Prosecution Counsel, Olusegun Adegboye told the court that the suspects allegedly conspired together to kidnapped their victims. Adegboye alleged that Mohammed, Oyeleye, Ajala, Taiwo, Rafiu and Fatai kidnapped a boy and his twin sister and demanded a ransom of N4 million from their father, Alhaji Taofeek Akewugbagold, before releasing them after eight days in captivity The prosecution also alleged that Rafiu and his wife Modinat made use of their house in Ogbere area, Ibadan, to keep the victims for eight days The offence, he said, was committed on April 25, at about 7. 45pm at Alphonso Road, behind PHCN office, Sasa area, Ojoo, Ibadan. Adegboye said the offence contravened the provisions of Section 516 of the Criminal Code Cap 38, Vol. II, Laws of Oyo State and is punishable under sections 4 (2), 6 and 8 of the Oyo State Kidnapping (Prohibition ) Law 2016. Chief Magistrate Emmanuel Idowu, who did not take the plea of the suspects ordered that they are remanded in the State Anti Robbery Squad, Ibadan. Idowu ordered the police to return the case file to the Oyo State Directorate of Public Prosecution, ( DPP for legal advice). The magistrate adjourned the matter until October 7, for mention.