The Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa has urged the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu to save Ondo State from the hands of governor Rotimi Akeredolu whom he describes as a “Commando” leading Amotekun to terrorize the people. In a statement, titled “Before Ondo Witnesses Another 1983 Crisis”, signed and forwarded to DAILY POST, Giwa also begged the international community to beam its searchlight on Ondo State. The pastor, who said he is leading members of his church to pray for peace ahead of the governorship election, implored Mr. Akeredolu and other politicians not to turn Ondo to another 1983 election where several people were killed and beheaded during the Nigerian Second Republic. Specifically, Giwa said governor Akeredolu would be held responsible as the Chief Security Officer of the state if anything unexpected happens. He said, “I want to appeal to politicians to caution their thugs, particularly governor Akeredolu who is the Chief Security Officer in Ondo state. “The videos sent to me by citizens of Ondo state where governor Akeredolu’s boys known as “Amotekun” and other bad guys holding different guns committing a breach of the peace are uncalled for. “Let me remind the governor that he cannot force himself on the people of Ondo state through Amotekun or bad guys. “He should allow people to elect who they want in the next four years. They are trying to create fear in the minds of citizens so they won’t go out and vote on the election day. “This desperate act should be condemned, and I, however, call on the Inspector General of Police and the international community to beam their searchlight on Ondo state. “It seems the Commissioner of Police in Ondo State is powerless, and the state is bigger than him. “We do not want the repeat of the 1983 election where prominent citizens of the state were killed and burnt to death. Elections should not turn to war. “We should be our brother’s keeper and embrace peace. Amotekun should not be used to terrorize the people. This is why I said I have lost confidence in Amotekun.”