The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP says it welcomes the European Union’s visa ban and asset seizure against election riggers. The nation’s foremost opposition party commended the UK government for its quick response alongside the US in their bid to stop electoral fraud being perpetrated by leaders of the All Progressives Congress, APC, and their alleged compromised Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC and security officials. “The @OfficialPDPNig welcomes the decision of the @EUinNigeria to impose Visa ban as well as the seizure of assets and property belonging to those involved in undermining our electoral process, particularly ahead of the Edo and Osun governorship elections,” the PDP said in a statement it shared on Twitter on Wednesday. The PDP further called on other countries such as the United Arab Emirates, Dubai, France, Spain, Canada as well as African countries and the ECOWAS to also ban such politicians and their family members. “Our party, being the genuine Pan Nigeria political platform standing with the Nigerian people, urges the world community to profile the election riggers and their agents in @inecnigeria and security agencies and ban their family members from benefiting from services from other countries of the world. “On the Edo governorship election, those at the forefront of the undermining of our democratic process, including the @OfficialAPCNg candidate, @IzeIyamu4EdoGov, vote who was seen publicly directing thugs, cultists and killers as tigers and lions to invade polling units and unleash violence on election day, should be immediately profiled for sanctions. “The same goes to the Governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredelo, who was publicly exposed by a confessed @OfficialAPCNg militant and former APC chairman in the state, Isaac Kekemeke, as being behind the violent attacks against our party in the state. “On our own part, the @OfficialPDPNig remains law-abiding but will never allow anybody to use any means whatsoever, to manipulate the Edo and Ondo governorship election. “Never! Not after the people of Edo state had manifestly expressed their resolve to re-elect our candidate, @GovernorObaseki and when the people of Ondo state have resolved to replace the failed Governor Akeredolu with our candidate, @TayoJegedeSAN on September 19 and October 10 respectively.”