Big Brother Africa, BBA, winner, Uti Nwachukwu, has apologised to disqualified ‘Double Wahala’ housemate, Tacha. Nwachukwu apologised to the Rivers State-born reality TV star for mocking and attacking her person after she was kicked out of the show last year. Tacha’s fans, known as Titans, had trooped to his Uti Nwachukwu’s social media platforms to bash the actor after his favourite Lockdown housemate, Erica was disqualified on Sunday. However, the BBA 2010 winner said he has realized his mistakes and offered his unreserved apologies to Tacha. Nwachukwu said that the disqualification of Erica, who was his favourite housemate, has made him understand how Tacha and her Titans felt last year. “’You will never understand till it happens to you,” Uti Nwachukwu said. “I will never be too proud to acknowledge my personal epiphanies and when it’s time to actually obey your conscience which I always say is your spirit. “Call it karma call it a wake-up call. But you always have to listen to that voice inside “Recent events have triggered memories from last year’s #bbnaija when another housemate was disqualified. “Let’s just say, now I know how it feels for her and her fans “Most importantly, I am deeply regretful for the harsh words I tweeted when I felt provoked by her passionate FANS who were upset “It was not fair to her as she had PERSONALLY not done anything to ME. “My reactions to the insults were totally wrong and not inspired from a place of Love which I always champion “How others treat us is no fault of ours. But how we respond/ REACT is fully up to us. “So symply_tacha I am extremely sorry for the mean tweets I responded with last year. Please accept my deepest apologies Recall that while Erica was disqualified for, among other offenses: pouring water on the Head of House bed; Threatening to kill fellow housemate, Laycon outside the house; and Using the prohibited word ‘vote.‘ Tacha was sent packing from the season four for physically attacking fellow housemate, Mercy