The Global Peace Foundation, GPF, has called on Nigerians to shun violence and work together to shape the future of the country. It observed that it is only in an atmosphere of peace and stability that Nigerians can strive to compete with the international community in all spheres of life. Country Director, GPF, Rev. John Joseph Hayab, in a statement on the 2020 International Day of Peace 2020 with the theme, “Shaping Peace Together”, appealed to Nigerians to come together to continue to support and maintain peace and stability for the survival of humanity. He observed, “This year’s theme is apt given the challenge of COVID-19 which has made us rediscover our common humanity and the need to work, struggle and build the community. Despite the lockdown, closure of markets and business places which made many people poorer since their sources of livelihood depended on daily labour, several communities suffered unrest, conflicts, banditry attacks and immense destruction of lives and property. “That we, at Global Peace Foundation, preach that all human beings are members of One Family Under God, we wish to appeal to all the Nigerian families, be they Christians or Muslims, men or women, young or old, educated or uneducated, and everyone, to accept diversity as a human attribute.” The statement said, ‘whatever may be the origin, whether Fulani, Hausa, Ibo, Yoruba, Tiv, Ibibio, and all the ethnic groups in the country, North, South, East, West or the Middle Belt, let us remember that we all come from one esteemed human family and, therefore, must shape the peace of our home, communities, institutions and nation together.” GPF called on the Nigerian leadership from all levels of government to assert that true peace can be built when people work with each other. “No society can attain any meaningful development without true peace and inclusiveness. Given that true peace comes from all-inclusive efforts, where everybody plays his or her role well, Nigeria must double its effort towards oneness,” the statement added. ”Global Peace Foundation Nigeria uses the International Peace Day to congratulate the United Nations, the government of Nigeria, all peace workers and peace promoters, and everyone working to keep the peace not to be discouraged by the violence around them. “Your effort could prevent the spread of violence and together we can shape our today and the future,” the statement noted.