The internal squabbles in the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Imo State, has further degenerated as Dan Nwafor-led State Working Committee, SWC, has insisted that Chief Frank Ibezim, is not a member of the party. Recall that Frank Ibezim emerged the APC candidate during the bye-election primary for Imo North Senatorial district of the State following the unfortunate death of the occupant and former Speaker of Imo State House of Assembly, Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu. The Chairman, Imo North APC Primaries, Senator Surajudeen Ajibola Bisuriu, flanked by other members of the bye-election primary committee, announced that Ibezim Frank polled 13,637 votes to beat Senator Ifeanyi Ararume, who scored 2,708 votes and Chief Achonu Attan who got 1,185 votes to emerge second and third positions respectively. Chief Frank Ibezim is enjoying the supports of Marcellinus Nlemigbo-led factional State Working Committee, SWC, backed by Governor Hope Uzodimma-led administration in the State. However, the All Progressives Congress, APC, SWC in Imo, in a press statement by the State Publicity Secretary, Jones Fcc Onwusoanya, reiterated that Senator Ifeanyi Godwin Ararume remained the duly nominated candidate of the party for the forthcoming Imo North Senatorial bye-election. It insisted that Ararume won the direct primaries conducted by the APC leadership on 3rd September, 2020, and with no controversies over his membership of the party and qualification for the primary election. The Imo APC informed party members, relevant agencies and institutions, as well the general public that Mr. Frank Ibezim, who is being paraded as the purported candidate of the party for the upcoming Imo North Senatorial bye-election, is not the flag bearer of the governing APC for the poll. According to APC in the statement, “Our records show that Mr. Ibezim defected to the Accord Party in the run-up to the 2019 elections and has up till this moment not returned to the All Progressives Congress. “While we have made necessary representations to relevant authorities and agencies in this regard, this statement puts the general public on notice that anyone dealing with Frank Ibezim on behalf of the party at any level and under any guise does so at his or her own risk, as the Party does not recognize him as its member”. APC, therefore, urged all party members and the electorate of Imo North Senatorial district to disregard any information in the contrary and queue behind Ararume, as it has the confidence to lead the party to victory in the upcoming bye-election.