The Commissioner of Police Ebonyi State, CP Philip Sule Maku, Friday paraded over 23 hoodlums for involvement in armed robbery, illegal possession of firearms and other criminal activities in the state. CP Maku, while parading the suspects at the state police command headquarters located opposite Old Government House, Abakaliki, said the command was poised to ensure a crime-free state. According to him: “A total number of twenty-three suspects were arrested and hereby paraded while two (2) were fatally injured,” he said. He noted that some of the suspects were arrested for conspiracy, armed robbery, cultism, attempted murder, malicious damage assault occasioning harm and inciting communal war. The suspects included; Monday Ekwe, m 21 years, Stanley Kodirichukwu Obijulu m, Abiora Ifeanyi 27 years, Nwanumara Samuel m 30 years, Emmanuel Darlington m, Alegu Friday, m 27yrs and Nzube Onwe, etc. CP Maku stressed that some of the suspects were arrested based on a distress call from one Madukwe Cletus Ifeanyi m, a native of Ishiagu in Ivo LGA of the state that a group of people were destroying houses and properties of Ndi-heme community in Ivo LGA of the state. “Following a distress call at Udensi on the 4th August, 2020 that robbers were operating at the area, operatives of the Command attached to the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) responded to the distress call but unfortunately, the robbers fled the scene before their arrival. In another development, he said: “While on the trail, information was received on 11th August, 2020 that armed robbers were attacking at No. 8 Ojeowerri Street Abakaliki, operatives of Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) swooped on them and arrested one of the suspects Ebuka Jude ‘m’ 21yrs, while others escaped. One revolver locally made with six rounds of live ammunition and (one expanded) was recovered from him. “The suspect made a useful statement to the Police and led the Police operatives on follow up investigation to their hideout at Omega Avenue Abakaliki, the other Gang members on sighting the Policemen opened fire on them, during the gun duel, the two (2) of the robbers sustained various degrees of bullet injuries while others fled the scene. “The injured ones were rushed to AE-Federal Teaching Hospital Abakalili for medical treatment but confirmed dead by a medical practitioner on duty, their bodies deposited at the same hospital mortuary for preservation and autopsy.” CP Maku also said that two suspected cultist was arrested by police “Police on a tip-off intercepted a group of cultists numbering about four (4) at Ndiechi Onuebonyi Primary School, assaulting Onuoha Sochima. On a hot chase, one of the cultist by name Nzube Onwe was arrested and he confessed being a member of JVC otherwise known as Junior Vikings Confraternity,” he stated.