Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Lagos State Commissioner for Education, Folasade Adefisayo, has confirmed that only current JSS3 and SS2 students, will resume school on September 21. The Head, Public Affairs, Lagos State Ministry of Education, Kayode Abayomi, who made this disclosure in a statement on Sunday, emphasized that the state will adopt a phased approach in opening public schools. 2. The presidency has accused former President, Olusegun Obasanjo of dividing Nigeria. The President’s Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity Garba Shehu in an article on Sunday, alleged that a recent statement by the former President was an attempt to divide the nation, insisting that President Buhari had continued to promote nation-building and the unity of Nigeria. He maintained that the difference between the two leaders was clear. 3. The Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, SOKAPU, has expressed concern on the continuous invitation of the former presidential candidate of the African Democratic Congress, ADC, Dr Obadiah Mailafia, to the Plateau State office of the Department of State Service, DSS. The union noted that there are several instances where security agents developed cold feet in inviting top officials for a chat with a view to staving off a further bloodbath. 4. Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has taken a legal action against Senate President, Ahmad Lawan and the House of Representatives Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila for failing to publish reports of all completed public hearings and corruption probes by the National Assembly since 1999. In the suit number FHC/ABJ/CS/1065/2020 filed at the Federal High Court, Abuja, SERAP is seeking an order of mandamus to compel Lawan and Gbajabiamila to release the finding. 5. A top member of the gang led by Terwase Akwaza aka Gana, has made some explosive revelations about the deceased. The militant who gave his aliases as ‘Major and Aondehemba’, vowed that the battle will continue, adding that Gana, killed by the Nigerian Army last week, had an inkling of his death and handed over all his powers to his deputy, hence he could not disappear when he was attacked by the military. 6. The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has said it will release the results of the just concluded West African Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) within 45. The head of public affairs of WAEC Nigeria, Demianus Ojijeogu, on Sunday told newsmen that the results will be available soon. 7. Some daredevil armed robbers struck on Saturday along the Okene-Lokoja highway in Kogi State, killing two brothers and injuring a policeman on roadblock duties. The incident, which occurred at about 6pm between Itakpe and Kabba Junction end of the Okene -Lokoja – Abuja expressway forced commuters and travelers to scamper for safety while abandoning their vehicles in the middle of the road. 8. The police in Ogun State said they have arrested two herdsmen identified as Abu Adamu and Muhammadu Aliyu, for allegedly robbing and defiling a teenager. DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, the State Police Public Relations Officer, on Sunday, revealed that the suspects were arrested after a distress call received by the police at Ewekoro Divisional Headquarters at about 1am. 9. The Federal Government, Sunday, described the strike declared by the Joint Health Sector Unions and Assembly of Health Care Professionals, JOHESU as unnecessary, ill-timed and illegal. A statement by the Deputy Director, Press and Public Relations in the Ministry of Labour and Employment, Charles Akpan, said going ahead with the action would be illegal as it is in clear breach of the ILO Principles and Conventions on Strike and Sec. 18 of the Trades Disputes Act, Cap T8, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004. 10. A thunderstorm has killed three out of five farmers that were hiding under a big tree during heavy rain in Kukar-Gesa village in Katsina Local Government of Katsina State. Malam Musa Danladi, the head of the family confirmed the death of his two children and a grandson and considered their death as an act of God.