Former Ekiti State Governor, Ayodele Fayose, has said that former Deputy National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Bode George, must be sent to political retirement for the party to make progress in Lagos State. Lere Olayinka, his spokesman, in statement on Wednesday, said Fayose spoke during the inauguration of the PDP Campaign Committee for the Lagos East senatorial bye-election on Tuesday. He canvassed support and votes for the PDP candidate, Babatunde Gbadamosi. Fayose emphasized that George should rather be a father figure for the younger ones in the party instead of dragging positions with them. “Lagos is ripe for PDP to take, and we will take the State if we work hard and put our house in order. This senate election is for PDP to take if we are ready to take it. “You have done it before by producing House of Reps members and you can do it again by producing a senator. Before PDP can win any election in this Lagos, the party must first separate wheat from chaffs.” Fayose urged the state party leaders to desist from rancour among the party members and give the younger ones opportunities and positions. “It’s high time Bode George go and retire. Let him be a support stand for the younger ones in the party. I am about 60 years of age, I have grown above fighting for minister that it will get to a point and someone will say he is sacking me. “I will never be such minister not to talk of contesting any post with younger ones in the party. It is time for young people in the party to tell elderly ones to take the back seat. I’m not against the elders, but I want them to know when to take the back seat. “If they don’t, the young ones will force them. All those stories of how we formed this party in 1998 – eight of us sat in my sitting room to form the party, is no longer important because the young too must be allowed to grow. “At this level, if you see any elder contesting chairman with the younger ones, you must know that such fellow needs to be retired. I am Ayodele Fayose, you can quote me anywhere. I said, you must retire Bode George if you want progress in the PDP in Lagos. “You must stand firm and fight for your right. As an elder, he is supposed to stay at home and be giving blessing to his children aspiring to grow not to be contending positions with them,” he said.