Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, on Wednesday, said the 9.3km Osokwa-Aro-Umuejie-Omoba Road in Osisioma LGA being done by his administration will be commissioned in two weeks. The Governor stated this while inspecting the progress of work on the road as part of his statewide inspection and commissioning of projects tagged “Kinetic Abia”. According to him, the road is strategically important to the economy of the people of Osisioma and Isiala Ngwa South LGAs, being the third alternative rural route to Omoba. Ikpeazu noted that it was the difficulty experienced by the people in accessing the major roads for the evacuation of their produce that compelled his administration to embark on the project expressing delight in the progress so far recorded. “I want to encourage the contractors to ensure that the same high-quality work is done along the whole length of the road. It is also important that our people ensure that they protect the road and other government infrastructure in order for them to last and serve its purpose for many years to come”, he said. Governor Ikpeazu, who was accompanied on the tour by his Deputy, Rt Hon. Ude Oko Chukwu, and the member representing Isiala Ngwa North/South constituency at the House of Representatives, Hon Darlington Nwokocha, among other top government officials, also inspected progress of work along Ojike Lane and Milverton Avenue both in Aba also being constructed by Dr Ikpeazu’s government, expressed satisfaction with the progress of the rigid pavement technology applied to the road projects. Speaking while inspecting the project, Dr. Ikpeazu said the road will connect Milverton Road and the newly reconstructed Eziukwu Road and ultimately link up the popular cemetery market in Aba. “We will continue to deliver key road projects that will help ventilate Aba and make access to socioeconomic nerves of the city easier for our people and visitors. Our objective remains to add to the road infrastructure stock in a manner that will ensure that administrations after us do not have to go back to same roads we have done”, he said. He charged the Aba South Local Government Chairman to ensure that the drains are not blocked by people, adding that he expects the citizens to take responsibility to ensure that the roads are not equally washed off by water. The Governor also commissioned two road projects executed by his administration. He said the road projects will ease movement to the police area command and the state high court premises.