The Federal government on Monday made public the details of its agreements with organised labour. A statement on FG’s Twitter handle, said officials held consultation meetings with leaders of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and Trade Union Congress (TUC) on September 15, 24 and 27, 2020. The resolutions reached included establishment of Technical Committee on Electricity Tariff. It is chaired by the Minister of State, Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo, and comprises ministries, agencies, NLC and TUC. They will work over the next two weeks. They are to examine justification for the electricity tariff review; review the deployment of meters, and advice FG on issues hindering implementation. During the two-week period, DISCOs will suspend implementation of the electricity tariff adjustments. The statement reiterated that petrol subsidy regime has stifled downstream sector growth. “In addition, the dire financial circumstances of the Federation preclude the ability to sustain any subsidy on PMS, and thus makes the deregulation of the sector inevitable. NNPC will expedite rehabilitation of its Refineries, with a 50% completion target for Port Harcourt by December 2021. “NNPC will integrate national leadership of NUPENG and PENGASSAN into the Steering Committee established to oversee the Rehabilitation Exercise. A Validation Team comprising of Reps of @NNPCgroup, @nigeriaeiti, @icrcng, NUPENG and PENGASSAN will be stablished to monitor the progress of the Rehabilitation of Refineries, Pipelines and Depot Networks. “The Federal Government will continue to facilitate licensing and delivery of new modular and regular refineries. FG will ensure delivery of 1 million CNG/LPG Autogas Conversion Kits, Storage Skids and Dispensing Units under the Nigeria Gas Expansion Programme, by December 2021. “A Governance Structure for this project will be established, and will include Labour Representatives. FG will work to facilitate removal of tax on minimum wage. FG will make available to Labour 133 CNG/LPG-driven Mass Transit Buses immediately, for use in major cities nationwide, and thereafter extend to all States and LGAs before December 2021. “Ongoing FG Housing Initiatives will have 10 percent allocated to Nigerian workers. Moribund National Labour Advisory Council (NLAC) will be revived before the end of 2020, to institutionalize dialogue and engagement on socio-economic and labour issues to forestall future crises,” it disclosed.