The Reverend Ezekiel Adeniran-led executive caretaker committee of African Democratic Congress (ADC) in Oyo State has been dissolved. DAILY POST reports that the caretaker committee was dissolved on Sunday. A new set of State Executive Caretaker Committee has been inaugurated immediately after the former caretaker committee was dissolved at a mini-congress held in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital. The mini-congress had in attendance the National headquarters represented by Alhaji Said Baba Abdullah, National Secretary and Chief Anayo Arinze, National Coordinator Electoral Matters. The new State Executive Caretaker members are Mr. Adeoti Babatunde Aderoju, Chairman; Mr. Timothy Adedeji, Deputy Chairman; Mr. Sola Oluokun, Secretary; Barrister Bimpe Adelowo, Publicity secretary; Alhaji Yinka Olana, Treasurer; Mrs. Olabode Bilikisu Bunmi, Woman leader and Deacon Timothy Ige, Financial secretary. Others are Alhaja Mulikat Akintola, Organizing Sec; Mr. Timothy Alade, Youth leader; Bola Hamzat, Auditor; Adejare Musibau, Deputy secretary; Mr. Oni Michael, Coordinator Electoral/INEC liason; Evangelist E. Oyewole, Zonal chairman North; Alhaji Kayode Kamorudeen Obisesan, Zonal chairman Central; Hon. Sekoni Tajudeen, Zonal chairman South; Mrs. Kareem Toyin, Social/welfare secretary; Mrs. Ronke Olaniran, Chief whip; Barrister Mojisola Adeyemi, Legal adviser and Mr. Abass Adewale, Co-ordinator on Disabilities A communique issued after the mini congress, said that the new caretaker committee has been appointed to manage the affairs of party in state pending the State Congress. Members of the party in the communique affirmed the leadership of Chief Michael Koleosho, Chief Layiwola Lakojo and Senator Monsurat Sumonu. “The mini-Congress, which has in attendance delegates from each local government of the State, Leaders of the party in the state and National headquarters delegates represented by Alhaji Said Baba Abdullahi- national Secretary and Chief Anayo Arinze, National Coordinator Electoral matters/INEC liaison resolved as follows. “That as a result of the vacancy created by elapse of time with regards to the tenure of the State Executive Committee, New caretaker committee is hereby appointed to manage the affairs of party in state pending the State Congress. “That the Congress so affirm the appointment of the new caretaker committee as approved by the NEC of the party. That the executive committee led by Rev’d Ezekiel Adeniran in acting capacity is hereby dissolved. “That ADC in Oyo State is an indivisible political party and therefore reinstate its committee to the coalition government led by H.E. Governor Seyi Makinde. “The party affirms the leadership of Chief Michael Koleosho, Chief Layiwola Lakojo and Senator Monsurat Sumonu.”