Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The United States of America has imposed visa ban on politicians, who it claimed undermined the conducts of the November 2019 governorship elections in Kogi and Bayelsa States. The spokesperson for the Department of State, Morgan Ortagus, who disclosed this in a statement on Monday, said these individuals whose identities were not revealed, operated with impunity at the expense of the Nigerian people and have undermined democratic principles. 2. The Nigerian government on Monday announced the reopening of all domestic airports in the country. This was disclosed by the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, during the daily briefing of the Presidential Taskforce (PTF) on COVID-19 in Abuja. 3. Conference of Nigeria Political Parties (CNPP) has said that all is ready for a mass action against the President Muhammadu Buhari government. The CNPP said it has mobilised a coalition of civil society groups to join labour movements such as the Trade Union Congress, TUC and the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, to join the protest against the recent hike in patrol pump price and electricity tariff. 4. In order to avoid flooding, the Ogun State Government has told residents living in flood-prone areas in the State to relocate as the rains are here again. Some of the affected local governments are Abeokuta South, Abeokuta North, Sagamu, Ifo, Obafemi Owode, Ijebu-Ode, Ado-Odo/Ota, Yewa South, Ogun Waterside and Ijebu East. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed four new Permanent Secretaries into the Federal Civil Service. The Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HOCSF), Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan, who made this known in a statement issued on Monday in Abuja, said those appointed were Mr Sule James from Kaduna, Mr Abubakar Ismaila from Kebbi, Mrs Patricia Roberts from Rivers and Mr Shehu Shinkafi from Zamfara State. 6. Some Nigerian States may soon experience blackouts following a sudden burst at the Kainji Hydroelectric Dam in Kainji. The embankments of Kainji dam, one of Nigeria’s hydro-power stations caved in after the opening of the four spillway gates to free surplus water caused by heavy rains. 7. The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has confirmed the killing of two operatives on Monday by bandits. Corps Public Education Officer, Assistant Corps Marshal Bisi Kazeem, who confirmed the incident in a statement, added that ten other personnel were abducted when gunmen attacked their buses en route to the FRSC Academy in Udi, Enugu State. 8. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested two lecturers of the Kwara State College of Health Technology, Offa, and 28 others for alleged internet fraud. The lecturers, Abdulahi Opashola and Adebisi Ademola, according to Dele Oyewale, the EFCC spokesman, were nabbed with cars, phones, laptop computers, among others. 9. Boss Mustapha, the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) and Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 has said that the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr. Chris Ngige, is making every effort to resolve all issues and have the Joint Health Sector Unions (JOHESU) call its members back to work. He also noted that the PTF viewed the recent declaration of industrial action by the JOHESU as rather unfortunate and capable of reducing the gains and endangering more lives amid the COVID-19 pandemic. 10. Healthcare workers at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, on Monday, joined the nationwide strike called by the Joint Health Sector Union (JOHESU). The JOHESU Chairman, UCH Chapter, Mr. Adeolu Alli, said the strike became imperative after “a long period” — three years of waiting on the Federal Government.