The All Workers Convergence (AWC) has blamed President Muhammadu Buhari for inflicting pains on Nigerians despite the devastation already caused by the Coronavirus scourge. The National Coordinator of the group Comrade Andrew Emelieze said this while reacting to the increment of the price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS). DAILY POST recalls that the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) on Wednesday directed its members in the South-West States to sell Petrol at N162 per litre. But, Emelieze while speaking with DAILY POST on Friday said he was surprised that the government was dishing out policies that add to the existing pains in the land. Emelieze added that the response from the Nigerian government has continued to prove that those in government are not ready to learn from their flaws and make amends. He called on Nigerians to prepare for a mass protest against the misery they are facing, insisting that it was time to hit the streets for a collective action. “COVID-19 global scourge has exposed governance in Nigeria. Besides the woeful response from the Nigerian State, the government has continued to prove that they are not ready to learn from their flaws and make amends. “Rather, our government is sinking in bad governance by further inflicting untold hardship on her citizenry despite the devastation already caused by the coronavirus on the populace. Almost on a daily basis, our so-called government is dishing out policies that add to the existing pains in the land. From VAT increments to hike in electricity tariff, deliberate devaluation of the naira and now a monthly increase in the price of petroleum products. “Apart from the harsh economy and increased cost of living, our people are no longer secure in Nigeria. Daily mass killings and insecurity is now the order of the day. All these points to the fact that this government is losing legitimacy and that they are not ready to redeem their image. All that is being done now by people in power is a mockery of governance and democracy.