About 17 men of the local vigilante in Dukku town of Rijau Local Government area of Niger State have been ambushed and killed by armed bandits. It was gathered that the local vigilante killed three of the bandits. It was learnt that the Dukku community were disturbed by the spate of attacks by bandits and therefore, mobilised to launch an attack on the bandits hibernating in the forests in the area. But, the planned attack was said to have leaked, which led to the ambush by the bandits and killing of the 17 local security men, while the vigilante retaliated by killing three of the bandits. Confirming the report, the chairman of Rijau local government council Alhaji Bawa Bello, when contacted on phone, said while the bandits killed some vigilante members, the local security men killed some bandits in return. He stated, “Yes it happened, we killed some of the bandits and the bandits killed some of our men. “I have submitted a written report to the Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs and for more details contact him, he is our boss he should give you the details.” Efforts to get the Commissioner for Local Government Alhaji Abdulmalik Sarkindaji failed as he could not be reached for more details on the attack. Also, the state Police command could not be reached to confirm the story as the Public Relations Officer, PRO, ASP Wasiu Abiodun did not pick his calls as of the time of filing the report. In a related development, five persons, including a woman and a policeman were killed and 12 others kidnapped on Wednesday in Kagara town in a night attack by bandits. Confirming the report, Chairman of the council, Alhaji Ismaila Modibo said a total of 8 persons were injured in the attack. He explained that the armed bandits, however, did not succeed in their attempt to break into a first generation bank in the town to steal money from it. Following the report of the attack, Niger State Deputy Governor, Alhaji Ahmed Mohammed Ketso accompanied by the Commissioner of Police, Adamu Usman were in the town for an on the spot visit, where they urged the people to remain calm as government was on top of the situation.