A rights group, the Ijaw Liberation Movement have raised alarm over the alleged emergence of a militant camp in preparation for the October governorship election in Ondo State. The group made up of government appointees from Ijaw riverine area in Ovia South West and Ovia Northeast in Edo State made this allegation on Wednesday while addressing Journalists in Benin City Leaders of the group Hon Ezekiel Daniel, SSA to Gov Ifeanyi Okowa on security, Hon Ogidigba Godstime SSA to the governor on Waterway Security and others told newsmen that it is raising the alarm just like it did in the build-up to Edo guber poll. According to them, they alleged that Okobu Robert, Bibo Ajube and others numbering to 200 are currently camping in Ekoha community in Ovia South-West Council in a bid to replicate the dastard act that happened on Saturday 19 in Ofunama ward which led to the death of one Mrs Yado Odogbo. ‘Why we are raising the alarm now is that a similar thing happened before and during Edo election, we informed the security agencies. Thank God for the gunboat mounted by army personnel who repelled them when they wanted to carry out their evil act in Ofunama. They fell to the superior power of the Nigeria army. ‘After the gun duel, while they (hired militants) were returning, they started shooting sporadically and a woman was killed by a stray bullet. We demand the state government, inspector general of Police and other concerned authorities to as a matter of urgency commence an investigation into the gruesome act. They imported militants from Ondo State to support their incoming election come October. Priye Olu Oyeh called on the state government and security agencies to commence plan in earnest to checkmate the activities of Ikoha community which he alleged is fast becoming a base for militants. ‘The government should quickly act, all because of the election, these bad elements are using Ikoha for their evil acts. They have failed in Edo State. They now prefer political party affiliation than public security. ‘We are PDP members but will never encourage or thick personal interest over general interest, though we are government appointees he added.