A member of the National Assembly, Dr. Abdulfatai Buhari, has tacked electricity distribution companies in Nigeria over the increment of electricity tariff. DAILY POST recalls that the Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) and Ikeja Electricity Distribution Company (IKEDC) had earlier announced the implementation of the new Service Reflective Tariff Plan. But, Buhari, who is the Chairman, Senate Committee on Land Transport, said that the electricity distribution companies cannot just wake up in one day and announce increment of the tariff without commensurable electricity supply. Buhari, who represents Oyo North at the green chamber, while speaking in Iseyin town during an empowerment program, added that the issue of tariff increments by the DISCOs is one of the issues the Senate will look into when the Senators resume. At the program held at the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) orientation camp in Iseyin were former Governor of Oyo state, Chief Christopher Adebayo Alao-Akala, former Senate Leader, Teslim Folarin, an Ibadan Chief, Chief Adegboyega Adegoke, Dr. Yunus Akintunde, Hon. Sina Peller and traditional rulers among others. Buhari while speaking, maintained that the national assembly, particularly, the Senate will discuss the issue of tariff increments when they resume. He said, “This is where the consumer protection council will have to come in. You can’t just wake up in the morning and increase electricity tariff. So, the CPC has to come in heavily on them. “If they refused some of us, when we go back to the National Assembly, we will raise a motion and stop them. The money is not there. Even the electricity they are increasing the tariff, the price is not commensurate with what they are giving us. “In my house, before the increment, I normally use 20,000 in a month. Now, the 20,000 card is the one I used in a week. You will use the 20,000 in one week. It is going like air. “And it should be pay as you use. Like DSTV, we are trying to block them that look, pay as you view which is the sensible thing. They will resist it, but, the moment we have the support of the masses particularly the press, it makes our job over there easy. It makes it very easy. “You should also help us to enlighten the public that when we are raising this issue, that we are raising it for the benefit of the masses.”