Senator representing Plateau North Senatorial district, Istifanus Gyang, has revealed that Fulani herdsmen were involved in serial killing of monarchs in Plateau State. He stated this through order 43 of Senate rules in the event of the assassination of the Acting District head of Foron, Gwom Rwey Foron, Da Bulus Chuwang Janka by suspected Fulani herdsmen. According to him, the latest assassination of the traditional ruler in Plateau North Senatorial district made it ten of those that have been murdered, lamenting that peace was gradually eluding his constituents. He said: “Mr. President, I am rising under order 43 which has just been read. “Distinguished colleagues, it is indeed with a heavy heart that I discuss this matter on the floor of the Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria of acts of serial killings and targeted assassination of monarchs in Plateau State and my Constituency in particular. “The latest is the killing of district head of Foron who was assassinated at his Palace last week which his burial is due for this Friday. ”Mr President, this trend is quite disturbing because not less than 10 other traditional rulers unfortunately suffered death through the same circumstances. ”Sarki head of Barkin Ladi suffered the same fate. Gwom Ruku district head has been assassinated and others. “Mr. President, it’s already known that the first-class monarch of Bokkos Local Government was assassinated. “In view of the disturbing development, I am calling that security be beefed around our traditional rulers to ensure that the increasing threat to their safety is averted. “I want to use this opportunity Mr. President, to call on the Inspector General of Police to direct the Commissioner of Police in Plateau State to direct protection of our traditional rulers. “Mr. President, it’s quite unfortunate that just last week, five of our youths who were having a night out were brutally assassinated in Jos South Local Government. “All of these are pointers to increasing rate of insecurity. Mr President, I think there is need for me to say that Plateau State and in particular my Constituency had witnessed peace before now. He insisted that the attackers are suspected Fulani herdsmen, noting that security agents should rise to the occasion of protecting lives and property of Plateau people. Responding, the Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan said there was need for intervention in Plateau before the current trend goes out of hands.