Following internal crisis within the ranks of the Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), the Director-General of the Buhari/Osinbajo Campaign Council for the 2019 presidential poll, Dr. Olusegun Osinkolu, has advised aggrieved members to embrace the window of reconciliation provided by the party for resolution of all crises. He said respect for the party’s constitution and supremacy remains the two most potent condiments that can fortify the party ahead of the 2022 governorship election in the state, saying, “the party has nothing to gain in perpetual crisis.” The APC chieftain advised operators of the party’s constitution against witch-hunting and subversion of the will of the generality to earn respect, while urging members to also bow to party’s supremacy to enhance democratic growth. Osinkolu spoke in a statement made available to journalists in Ado Ekiti, on Thursday, stating his position on the raging crisis in Ekiti APC. The APC chieftain was reacting to the internal wrangling culminating in the composition of a disciplinary committee to try Senator Babafemi Ojudu, Hon. Oyetunde Ojo and 10 others, for alleged insubordination and anti-party conducts. Commenting on the situation, Osinkolu said respect for party’s constitution remains sacrosanct to stabilize the APC and engender the required cohesion via mutual respect between the party’s executive and the leaders. He advised the disciplinary committee, headed by the former Speaker of the Ekiti State House of Assembly, Hon. Sola Ajigbolamu, to accord Ojudu and other aggrieved leaders fair hearing, to promote the spirit of togetherness. “I will advise our members not to take anything for granted ahead of 2022 governorship poll. We shouldn’t take the electorate for granted. And to guard against this, we must stabilise our party by embracing reconciliation at all levels. “The intervention of President Muhammadu Buhari and NEC in the crisis rocking our party shows that we have to be humble and display respect, by withdrawing all cases in court. “The members of the dissolved National Working Committee and biggest casualties of the crisis, had all withdrawn their cases in courts, including immediate past Chairman, Com. Adams Oshiomhole. This, they did as a respect for the party and President Buhari, not out of cowardice. “I want our aggrieved leaders in Ekiti to exhibit the same spirit and withdraw their cases in the interest of the party they have laboured to build and to indicate that they have all embraced peace”. Osinkolu appealed to the State Working Committee, led by the State Chairman, Hon Paul Omotoso to run an open door policy and bring all contending forces together to ward off sectionalism. He added that the APC would have an easy ride in 2022 gubernatorial election with unity and support for the incumbent Governor, Dr Kayode Fayemi, to be able to deliver democratic dividends to Ekiti people and voters. “The APC must realise that we are going to rely on projects executed by Governor Fayemi to canvass for votes and performance can only come when there are no distractions coming within APC ranks. “The ongoing construction of international cargo airport, Ekiti State Civic centre, Model secondary schools, dualisation of new Ado-Iyin road and other road infrastructures across the senatorial districts, Ekiti Knowledge zone, Ikun Dairy Farm, social security scheme, Oja Oba Market, among others can only be completed and bear fruits when the ruling party remains indivisibly united”.