The Osun State Police Command, on Tuesday, arraigned a 24-year-old serial killer, Lukman Tijani, who allegedly killed a woman, daughter and her niece. The police arraigned the alleged killer of three members of a family and a suspected armed robber before An Osun State Magistrate Court sitting in Okuku. On July 24, Lukman, a technician, was allegedly butchered, Serah Oyediyan, 57; 6-year-old girl, Favour Onifade; and a 15-year old, Toyin Oyediran and stabbed husband, Tunde Oyeniran in seven places, DAILY POST reports. The accused person committed the offence on July 24, 2020, around 11.00 pm at Sekinat Area, Inisa. The Prosecutor, ASP, Tajudeen Mustapha told the court that the accused person unlawfully stabbed Serah, 57 to death. He said the accused person also stabbed to death a 6-year old Favour and a 15-year old, Toyin. He further stated that the accused person also stabbed the husband, Tunde Oyediran. The husband who was also stabbed survived the attack after being unconscious for hours. According to the prosecutor, the accused person armed himself with a cutlass, screwdriver and other dangerous weapons to rob the house of Tunde. He also stated that the accused person took his customer’s ATM card and withdrew N300,000 after stabbing them. Mustapha also told the court that the accused person attempted to escape from police custody by damaging a handcuff and cell gate; the property of Nigeria Police Force. The accused person, whose plea was not taken, was charged with seven-count charge of unlawful stabbing and robbery. The offence committed is contrary to and punishable under Sections 319(1), 509, 451 of the Criminal Code Cap 34 Vol 11, Laws of Osun State, Nigeria 2002. The offence always contravenes Section 1(1)(2)(a)(b) of Robbery and Firearms (Special Provisions) Act Cap RII Vol. 14 Laws of Federation of Nigeria, 2004. The accused person had no legal representation. The Magistrate, Busayo Adediwura, who declined the accused person’s plea, remanded him at Ilesa Correctional Centre. The case was adjourned till September 21, 2020, for the presentation of fact.