Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, on Tuesday, rose from an emergency Security Council meeting with all the heads of security agencies in the state, reiterating his commitment to unravel the causes of the civil disturbances of August 23, 2020, as well as put further machinery in motion to forestall future re-occurrence. Addressing newsmen after the meeting which took place at the EXCO Chambers of the Lion Building, Government House, Enugu, Gov. Ugwuanyi expressed sadness over the loss of lives during the untoward events. The governor said that “as the Chief Security Officer of the state, I am at all times committed, to doing all within my powers, to ensure the security of lives and property in Enugu State”. He added that “following the emergency Security Council meeting…, it has become necessary to give those responsible for getting to the root of these unfortunate developments a little more time to complete their work”. Gov. Ugwuanyi further said: “The events of the 23rd August, 2020 which culminated in the loss of lives of members of Nigerian Security Agencies and residents of Enugu State as well as recent reports of attacks on Railway Police Station, Ogui, on 28th August, 2020 and Unity Police Station, Abakpa, on 30th August, 2020 where weapons were reportedly carted away, have been matters of great concern to me”. The governor therefore asked those in custody of weapons snatched from security agents to return them to the agencies or the nearest traditional ruler who will return same to the appropriate security agency. While appealing for calm and understanding of all concerned “as we work together to sustain the long existing and cherished peace in Enugu State”, the governor disclosed that the State Security Council in the meeting approved the immediate joint patrol by all security agencies and a meeting with traditional rulers, religious and opinion leaders to hold on Thursday, September 3, 2020, at the Government House, Enugu. It would be recalled that the governor, in the wake of the civil disturbances in the state, summoned an emergency state Security Council meeting for September 1, 2020, where “all security agencies in the state are expected to brief His Excellency, the Governor, fully, on the immediate and remote causes of the clashes, as well as advance measures to avert such occurrences in the future.”