COMMUNIQUÉ ISSUED THIS 22ND DAY OF SEPTEMBER, 2020 AT THE END OF A THREE – DAY MINI SUMMIT ON REPOSITIONING THE ABIA STATE POLYTECHNIC ABA ORGANIZED BY THE ABIA STATE GOVERNMENT AT HOTEL DU GOLF ABA, ABIA STATE FROM SEPTEMBER 20 TO SEPTEMBER 22, 2020. PREAMBLE: The three-day mini-summit on repositioning Abia State Polytechnic, Aba attracted stakeholders from the Abia State Government, the Abia State Polytechnic, Aba and Labour leaders from the national and state levels including Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP), Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions (NASU), Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Polytechnics
(SSANIP). The summit was declared open by the Governor of Abia State, Dr. Okezie Victor Ikpeazu. In attendance were the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Dr. Anthony Agbazuere; the Hon. Commissioner for Education, Dr. Kanelechi Nwangwa; the Hon. Commissioner for Information, Chief John Okiyi Kalu; the Hon. Commissioner for Science and Technology, Barr. Chijioke Madumere; the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Mr. Eze Ajuzie; the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Finance, Sir Kelechi Alozie, and Hon. Ezebunwa Ubani, Chairman PPIDF Abia State. Also in attendance were the Rector of Abia State Polytechnic, Aba, Asso. Prof. Osonwa Okorie Kalu; Deputy Rector, Academics, Chief C.S. Mpamugo ; the Deputy Rector, Administration, Dr. Chigbu Njike ; the Registrar, Chief Mrs. Comfort Nwabughuogu; and the Bursar, Mr. Friday Omenihu. The Labour Unions were represented by the President of Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) Comrade, Anderson Ezeibe; The President of NASU, represented by Deputy General Secretary Comrade, Augustine Ageva ; and the President of SSANIP, Comrade, Adebanjo Ogunsipe; The delivery format of the summit included nine (9) lead presentations followed by exhaustive discussions by participants. The following lead presentations were made:
a. The Governor’s speech, outlining the raison d’etre of the institution, it’s dwindling fortunes and way forward.
b. The Status Report by the Governing Council of Abia State Polytechnic.
c. The Rector’s Report.
d. The Registrar’s Report.
e. The Bursar’s Report.
f. The Presentation by the Hon. Commissioner for Education.
g. The Presentation by the President of ASUP.
h. The Presentation by the representative of the President of NASU.
i. The Presentation by the President of SSANIP.
j. The Presentation by Alumni Association Following the discussions and interactions, therefore, we the participants at the plenary adopt the following resolutions: 1. That all stakeholders must join hands to ensure that Abia State Polytechnic is repositioned and refocused to produce middle and high level manpower in the areas of Science, Technical, Vocational and Management Technology. 2. That the Governing Council and Management be given reasonable period of six months from October, 2020 to stabilize and commence defraying back log of salaries and pensions within the period. 2.1. Within 2 weeks the workers should be paid at least one month out of the arears. 3. That the Governing Council and the Management commit to the payment of salaries and pensions as they fall due, commencing from October, 2020. 4. That the Governing Council and Management take a look at overhead costs in the Polytechnic with a view to plugging all financial leakages and cutting off all unnecessary and unwarranted expenditure. 5. That the Governing Council and Management embark on a staff audit, a physical enumeration of all staff, with a view to ascertaining their number. 6. That the Governing Council and Management of Abia Polytechnic should review the placement of staff to ensure that all staff who are occupying positions beyond their academic qualifications are properly placed. 7. That the Abia State Government should constitute and inaugurate a Visitation Panel to the Abia State Polytechnic every five (5) years to ascertain that the institution is on track in respect of its core objectives and responsibilities towards staff, students and the host community. 8. That the union commits to industrial peace and no strike action within the six months with regard to the issues in this communique. 9. That a standing Dispute Resolution and Monitoring Mechanism be put in place to ensure smooth and harmonious industrial relations. 10. That the Polytechnic should diversify its operations to include other lawful activities that would enhance the finances of the Polytechnic. 11. That there should be a forensic probe of the application of the N2 billion injected into the Polytechnic by Abia State Government with a view to determining how the funds were utilized and bring to book those found culpable. 12. That Government is to ensure the prompt release of subventions due to the Polytechnic from October, 2020 to support the current salary payments. 13. That the Governing Council and Management should immediately take steps to realize the full accreditation of programmes in the Polytechnic. 14. That the Governing Council and Management should as a matter of urgency organize Convocation ceremony for the Polytechnic within the shortest possible time. 15. That the Governing Council and Management should review the recent staff rationalization in the school within six months. 16. The summit proposed the review of the Law establishing the Institution. 17. In the next six months the summit shall reconvene to assess the progress made with regard to these resolutions. Finally, we are grateful to the Abia State Government, the Governing Council and Management of Abia State Polytechnic and all the labour unions for the resolution of outstanding issues and their commitment to reposition Abia State Polytechnic. SIGNED: For Abia State Government 1. Associate Professor ACB Agbazuere, Ph.D (Law).
Chief of Staff to the Governor. 2. Associate Professor KCK Nwangwa, Ph,D
Commissioner for Education. For Governing Council/ Management 1. Hon Obioma Ekpem,
Member Governing Council Abia State Polytechnic. 2. Associate Professor Okorie Kalu Osonwa. Ph.D
Rector Abia State Polytechnic Aba. 3. Chief Mrs. Comfort Adanma Nwabughuogu,
Registrar Abia State Polytechnic. For the Unions 1. Comrade, Anderson Ezeibe,
President (ASUP). 2. Comrade, Augustine Ageva,
Deputy Gen. Sec. (NASU). 3. Comrade, Adebanjo Ogunsipe,
President (SSANIP).