The Akwa Ibom State government has directed Primary, Secondary and Tertiary institutions in the State to commence the process of school resumption on the 21st of September, 2020 while the full resumption date would be on the 28th of the same month. It added that only pupils in primary six or in exit class will resume, to enable them sit for the Common Entrance Examinations. The decision according to the Statement signed by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Comrade Ini EmemObong was taken during the State Executive Council meeting held on Friday in Government House Uyo, the State capital. The statement also revealed that Akwa Ibom state Polytechnic, Ikot Osurua will resume on October 5, 2020 EmemObong who noted that private secondary schools can as well commence the process of reopening on 21st provided they comply with the COVID-19 protocol and review same with parents, added that government would provide face masks to all primary six pupils only at resumption. The statement further noted that the Council directed the Commissioner for Environment and Petroleum Resources, Mr Charles Udoh to ensure the immediate commencement of work on IBB Avenue since the contract have been duly awarded and fully funded. It added that the Council congratulated the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Uwemedimo Nwoko for being the first Akwa Ibom son appointed as a Life Bencher by the Body of Benchers. The statement reads in parts, “Primary schools are to commence processes for the resumption of schools for primary six pupils only, on 21st September,2020, to prepare them for the common entrance(exit examinations). Additionally, the State Government will make face masks available to all primary six pupils only at resumption. “Public Secondary Schools to reopen on the 28th of September,2020. While, private secondary schools are to commence their processes for resumption on 21st September,2020, provided they comply with the COVID-19 protocol and review same with parents. “The Akwa Ibom State University will commence the processes of resumption on 21st September, 2020. College of Education, Afaha Nsit, is to reopening processes on 21st September,2020. Akwa Ibom state Polytechnic, Ikot Osurua will resume on October 5, 2020 “Council directed the Commissioner for Environment and Petroleum Resources to ensure the immediate commencement of work on IBB Avenue, the contract having been duly awarded and fully funded. “The Council congratulated the Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Uwemedimo Nwoko on his appointment as a Life Bencher by the Body of Benchers. Nwoko is the first Akwa Ibom person to be so appointed.”