Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), has attacked President Donald Trump of the United States for questioning President Muhammadu Buhari over the alleged killing of Christians in Nigeria. The group also accused the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, of selling the country to the US. MURIC further warned Trump against bullying the Nigerian President for whatever reasons. President Buhari had on Tuesday, during the Ministers’ retreat, said that Trump asked him during his visit to the US in 2018 why he was killing Christians. MURIC, in a statement signed by its Director, Prof Ishaq Akintola and made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday, said it take serious objection to President Donald Trump’s diction. According to MURIC, Trump’s question was based on false and misleading reports which CAN has allegedly been sending to the outside world. MURIC said it expected the US leader to know better because the killings are not being done by the Nigerian security agencies. “Again, it is not Christians alone that are being killed. Muslims are also victims. This is the same false information that was spread about Boko Haram,” MURIC said. The Islamic rights group said CAN was able to tell people that the terrorists were only killing Christians and bombing churches. MURIC noted that Boko Haram as a terrorist group, is killing emirs, Imams, Islamic scholars and ordinary Muslims too and also destroying Islamic worship centres. “The crisis is mainly between herders and farmers, not between the government of Buhari and Nigerian Christians. So how can anyone accuse President Buhari of killing Christians?” MURIC said. MURIC also noted that the herders-farmers clashes predate were there before the administration of President Buhari came into being in 2015 and has been occurring for a very long time. “It was there in ex-President Jonathan’s period and even in ex-President Olusegun Obasanjo’s days. Jonathan and Obasanjo are Christians but the killings also occurred during their regimes,” the group said. It wondered why the Christian Association is making the situation look as if Buhari, a Muslim president is killing Nigerian Christians, adding that CAN is selling the country too cheaply to the US. MURIC said it has no doubt that the narrative will change if President Buhari is succeeded by a Christian President in 2023.