The Ogun State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has accused the Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, of always being in support of anti-people policies. This is as the party expressed shock over Governor Abiodun’s support for the recent increase in the pump price of petrol and electricity tariff. The Ogun State PDP, in a statement on Monday, regarded “such reckless support for the increment as anti-people, noting that “the policies are deliberately put in place to further impoverish Nigerians.” According to the statement made available to DAILY POST by the state PDP Publicity Secretary, Akinloye Bankole, the party said Abiodun’s support for the increase in price of fuel and electricity tariff can also be described as “the height of irresponsibility from a government that promised all forms of fantasies in its deceitful bid to seize power over five years ago. “For us as a party, such policy support that is essentially against the general well-being of Nigerians simply goes to confirm our party’s position that the ruling APC government represents nothing but deregulated agony and excruciating pain.” The statement reads in part: “Our great party therefore condemns the unnecessary show of solidarity with the anti-people government by the Governor of Ogun State, a man who is expected to show compassion and empathy to the general well-being of the people. It is however, not too surprising, judging by the woeful failure of his government in Ogun State in providing required palliatives to the people who have been deprived of decent means of livelihood as a result of the rampaging Covid-19 pandemic. “The hike in price of PMS and other ill-conceived increments on public utilities, on its own, is evil, ill-timed, callous and wicked. And any form of support expressed by anybody, in any guise or disguise, from any quarter, no matter how highly placed also stands condemned. “It is despicable that Gov. Abiodun and his failing government is always found in bed with any policy that is capable of taking lives out of the people. “Little wonder, he chose to give account of his stewardship for his 52 weeks in office as Ogun State Governor to President Muhammadu Buhari, rather than counting the people of Ogun State worthy of his account of stewardship.” “Evidently, Gov. Abiodun’s government has continued to demonstrate this in its snail speed approach to issue of responsible governance, to its opaque attitude in the management of Local Government administration, to his continuous refusal to remit mandatory workers deductions and allowances as at when due,” the Ogun PDP alleged. Meanwhile, the party has urged members of the general public to reject, with all vehemence, the hike in price of fuel and other commodities; asking them to “rise against all forms of support and supporters of obnoxious policies.”