The Executive Vice Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta, on Friday said that Nigeria will witness a significant improvement in the telecom industry in the next five years. Danbatta, while interacting with media chiefs and editors in Abuja, said there shall be massive deployment of 4G network across the country, broadband penetration and proper implementation of digital economy and strategy. The NCC boss who just kick-started his second term further disclosed that protection of consumers’ right against unwholesome practices by some service providers shall be given a major focus in the next five years. Danbatta said that in the next 4 to 5 years, the cost of data will be reduced from its current N800 per Gigabit to N390 per Gigabit. He, however, affirmed that the plan can be achieved steadily and gradually. Lamenting unsolicited text messages to consumers, Danbatta said that more important weapons would be deployed to combat such practices by service providers. He said, ‘’ We have hope to take broadband penetration to 70 per cent and to at least 90 per cent of the population in 2025 in line with new target in the Nigerian National Broadband Plan (NBBP), 2020-2025. “ We want to protect consumers and ensure they have value for their money. We want to continue to support and fast-track the digital economy drive of the Federal Government of Nigeria and this has led to the creation of a Digital Economy Department in the Commission. “The Commission is placing emphasis on growing the digital economy in collaboration with sister agencies under the Federal Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy. (FMoCDE). “We hope to consolidate on spectrum trading to ensure maximum and efficient usage of available frequencies; continuous SIM registration audit to provide security and curtail incidences of banditry, kidnapping and armed robbery; completion and commissioning of Emergency Communication Centres (ECCs) in the remaining states to enhance security and provide relief to citizens in distress. “ Finally, we are committed the execution of counterpart Funding Agreements with the Licensed IfraCo to facilitate increase in fibre deployment in the country and ensure, at least one Point of Access(PoA) in each of the 774 Local Governmant Areas (LGAs) in Nigerian to enhance digital transformation,’’ he said.