A former Governor of Oyo State, Chief Christopher Adebayo Alao-Akala has assured members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, that he will never go against the wish of the party in selecting candidates of the party ahead of 2023. Alao-Akala made this pledge in a letter he addressed to members of the party on Monday. DAILY POST gathered that Alao-Akala, who is the Chairman of the APC Elders’ Advisory Council in the state had earlier had a meeting with some members of the party. It was, however, gathered that some aggrieved members of the party who were not included in the meeting held at Alao-Akala’s residence in Ibadan, had vowed to resist any move to sideline them in the party. But, Alao-Akala while pledging his neutrality, noted that he will not support any candidate for any position ahead of 2023. Alao-Akala who urged members of the party to bury their differences, declared that he will not go against the wish of the people. He said, “I bring you good tidings in the name of the Almighty. As we are all aware, our great party, the All Progressives Congress in Oyo State (A.P.C) has been through series of upheavals in recent past but I am glad to inform you officially that this has now become a thing of the past. “All differences have been resolved, and we have become a very happy, united and common front. All hatchets have been buried and all groups, bodies and forums have been collapsed into the A.P.C structure. What we have now is All Progressives Congress, Oyo State Chapter. “Similarly, an Elders Advisory Council has also been put in place with my humble self as Head. Our core responsibilities shall among others include, promoting internal cohesion within the party, ensuring fairness and transparency in all activities of the party, maintaining a level playing ground for all, promoting justice and fair play in the party at all levels. “This is a call to duty and service. It is a sacrifice and we are ready to put our best into ensuring that Oyo state regain its pride of place in the comity of states in our great country Nigeria. “In light of the above, I want to re-assure you all great men and women of A.P.C in Oyo state that I, Otunba Adebayo Alao-Akala remain neutral in the scheme of activities of the party. “I am not in support of any aspirant for any elective office and will never go against the wish of the people. I am an advocate of internal democracy that will promote oneness and progress. I reiterate categorically that I am against imposition. “I hitherto implore all members with aspiration to keep their ambition for now and join me and others in building a virile and strong party. I am always available and open to everyone. “I hereby put all members on notice that an expanded, all-inclusive meeting shall be held soon to further cement our oneness. I re-assure you all once again that I am committed to leading our party to victory come 2023”.