Ahead of the October 10 governorship election in Ondo State, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Saturday, flagged off its campaign. With party faithful and chieftains who thronged Akure, the Ondo State capital for the event, the party stated that its candidate, Eyitayo Jegede, will win convincingly at the poll. The National Chairman of the party, Prince Uche Secondus, while admonishing the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, and Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, who is seeking re-election against rigging, emphasized that the outing of the party in Oyo State in 2019 where Governor Seyi Makinde defeated the ruling party will be achieved again in Ondo State come October 10. According to Secondus, Jegede will deliver the people of Ondo State from hunger, adding that Ondo people will chase out those who have turned governance to family business. He appealed to Buhari to ensure free, fair and transparent process at the polls. On his part, Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, who is the head of the Jegede’s Campaign Council, stated that “this election will be special because it is about choosing freedom above servitude. “Your vote will not only count, but it will also help to liberate Ondo State from the shackles of the current government in the state.” While berating the APC-led government for inflicting hardship on the people with its anti-people policies, the Governor of Sokoto State, Aminu Tambuwal urged the people of Ondo State to use their vote to send APC out of Ondo State. He maintained that with the victory of PDP during the 2019 Presidential and National Assembly election in the state, Jegede will emerge victorious come October 10. Tambuwal also called on the Inspector-General of Police, IGP to investigate the INEC inferno where card readers meant for the governorship election were burnt as he stressed that PDP suspected a foul play by the APC to rig the election. Meanwhile, the standard-bearer of the party, Jegede assured PDP faithful that come February 2021, there will be a new government in Ondo State. “Today, we serve quit notice on the APC government. They should pack and leave the government house.”