The Federal Character Commission, FCC, has declared that President Muhammadu Buhari’s government has continued to deliver quality projects across the 36 States of the country despite party affiliations. DAILY POST reports that this observation came from the commissioner representing Enugu State in the Commission, Hon. Mrs. Ginika Tor. The commissioner spoke when she inspected some completed Federal Government projects in Awgu Local Government Area of the State. She, however, urged contractors to ensure that bill boards indicating clients were always mounted at project sites. Some of the Federal projects were at Amoli Community, in Awgu Local Government Area of Enugu State. While commending National Assembly members for attracting the projects, she stated that Buhari was delivering good governance to the people irrespective of political party. According to the commissioner, “I actually inspected some projects in Amoli Enyimba community just to ensure that federal character principles is strictly adhered to because it is part of my job as regards the second mandate which is monitoring infrastructural development and socio-economic activities of the federal government “I visited the first project and I was informed that it is a donation of some school chairs by the former Deputy Senate President, Sen Ike Ekweremadu and then I moved to the next one and confirmed that it is a constituency project and we all know that that is President Muhammadu Buhari’s initiative. I give kudos to the representatives that attracted such a wonderful project into my own community. “At the same time, I want to make the people understand that it is an initiative of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. This obviously explains the mindset of the President in ensuring that infrastructural development gets to the grassroots. “I also want to use this medium to urge anyone who attracts a project of the federal government to please erect a sign board that shows where the project is emanating from as well as indicate whoever attracted the project down to the community. “That way, you give honour to whom honour is due, foster unity and command national loyalty from everybody. “If you go to a community and you only put up a project that emanates from the federal government without indicating where it is coming from, the people will continue to diminish the importance of the President, whereas the President has done huge by reaching out to everybody. “Imagine coming down to a State where you have a different political party, yet Mr. President felt it right to ensure that they get something. It is not now about politics, it is about governance. “Mr. President has several key Federal Government projects here in Enugu State, even though this is not an APC State; this shows the kind of person we have, he is a father to all. “The government is simply delivering dividends of democracy to the people irrespective of party affiliations. So, time has come when we should start making people understand where a project is coming from. “But at the same time, I still want to appreciate the fact that someone attracted it and that person cannot be thanked enough. Giving honour to both sides is wonderful. I will do a second visit to ensure that all the things that should be included in that project is delivered 100 percent. “So, I commend Distinguished Senator Ike Ekweremadu and Hon. Toby Okechukwu for attracting these projects. This is not about politics but governance. We are urging them to push for more. “I will be extending this visit to every ward, every community and every local government in this State to ensure that the right thing is done, because it is when you acknowledge the giver that more will be given to you,” she declared. It could be recalled that the commissioner had upon her assumption of office assured the people of Enugu State that she would make adequate push to ensure that the people would always get what is due to them. To this end, she had earlier visited several government agencies in the State, sending a warning signal to MDAs that it was no longer business as usual in the area of employment.