The plenary at the Niger State House of Assembly went rowdy and ended in disarray as lawmakers disagreed on the bill political office holders than others. Augments started when Ahmed Bello, a member moved for the suspension of order 13, rule 4, paragraph 1 of the house standing order to enable for speedy passage of the state Character Commission. The debate was on the second reading of a private member bill moved by Hon. Malik Madaki, Bosso Constituency for A Law to Establish the Niger State Character Commission with the responsibility to promote, monitor name enforce compliance with principles of the proportional sharing of all bureaucratic, economic, media and political posts at all levels of government in the state. He told the House that the bill which had suffered setbacks since the 7th and 8th assembly was deliberated extensively and passed into law but was not assented to by the executive. “A lot has been done from the plenary to the committee but it was returned to the house by the executive without enacting a law. Seconding the motion, Mallam Shuaibu Liman, Suleja Consistency, stated that the bill should be given an accelerated hearing and passed into law to ensure balanced and equal representations. “He said, This bill is to correct the imbalances and inequality in sharing of political appointments, opportunities and other aspects of life that the state government provides for its citizens. But, immediately, nine out of the fifteen members present at the plenary rejected the move, insisting that the House should wait for the SSG to address the issue of the lopsidedness on political appointments in the state as earlier agreed. This resulted in rowdiness and heated augments between the nine lawmakers going against the speedy passage of the bill and the six supporting it. However efforts by the Speaker, Hon. Bawa Wuse to calm the situation and for the matter to be put into vote fell on deaf ears as the members remained adamant, consequently, ending the session in disarray.