Two APC chieftains in Zamfara State, Sanda Danjari Kotorokoshi and Hon. Lawali Jubril Jangebe have dumped APC for the PDP. The duo were Commissioners of Information and Works in Zamfara State during the administration of Abdulaziz Yari in the state. The defectors were received by the state governor, Hon Bello Mohammed Matawalle, who promised to be just to all the members of the party irrespective of when they embraced the ruling PDP in the state. “My administration would be fair and just to all members of the party in the state. “It is very important to understand that in politics, there is nothing like permanent enemies or permanent friends. “Political associates may disagree with each other only to reunite tomorrow,” he added. “My administration is, however, operating a unity system of government where everybody is welcomed to join us in the development of the state.” Speaking earlier on behalf of the defectors, Hon. Sanda Danjari Kotorkoshi said he and colleagues took the decision to embrace the ruling PDP to bring more developments into the state, saying that there is no way the state can develop if the opposition parties are not supporting and encouraging the ruling party because of party differences. “We didn’t embrace the ruling PDP because we are political jobbers but just to contribute our own quota to the development of Zamfara State.” It could be recalled that before the general elections in 2015, Hon. Sanda Danjari Kotorkoshi was a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and was the campaign coordinator of the present governor, Hon. Bello Mohammed Matawalle. He, however, defected to the APC when the former governor Abdulaziz Yari appointed him a commissioner for information and tourism and retained him in his cabinet until the end of the tenure in 2019. Our correspondent reports that 14 immediate past Local Government Council Chairmen installed by the Abdulaziz Yari’s administration have decamped to the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) with their councillors.
.