No fewer than three persons were feared killed in a flood that occurred at Adamami village in Shira Local Government Area of Bauchi State during a heavy downpour which lasted for about 14 hours between Sunday evening and Monday. DAILY POST gathered that the heavy downpour wrecked monumental havoc in the area as no fewer than 200 houses were brought down, with about 3,000 hectares of farmlands washed away. The flood, it was learnt, completely submerged the whole village, leaving villagers stranded. Residents informed journalists that they had terrible experience throughout the duration of the rain, adding that they could not sleep all through the night. They disclosed that they had to mobilise themselves with a view to rescuing women and children as well as those trapped in collapsed houses in the village. One of the villagers, Aminu Bala, who spoke to journalists on Tuesday seriously lamented the loss of lives and damages done by the 14-hour heavy downpour. According to Bala, the rain that led to the heavy flood in the village wrecked serious havoc in the village and informed that almost 85 per cent of the houses in the village, mostly mud buildings, collapsed due to the flood. He added that many farmlands belonging to the villagers were washed away. “No fewer than 3,000 hectares of farmlands were washed away with the crops on them. Our major occupation here is farming and unfortunately, we have lost most of our farmlands to this flood,” Bala stated. He decried what he described as the state government’s nonchalant attitude to the plights of people in Adamami and surrounding communities, adding that the people have been experiencing flooding in the area for almost two weeks now. He then called on the state government to come to the aid of the residents in the affected communities in order to alleviate their plights. “All we are appealing for is to have a heavy-duty machine like an excavator to come and dig a way for the water to go through. “Unfortunately, all the appeals lodged to the appropriate authorities have not been treated and all our cries are to no avail,” he said. He further appealed to Nigerians to keep the villagers in prayers for divine interventions, adding that kindhearted people should come forward to assist them in whatever ways they can to put an end to the sufferings. “We are appealing to the general public and well-meaning Nigerians to put our people in prayers and support them in any way they can because we need such now than ever,” he pleaded.