Oyo State chapter of Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) on Thursday said that people of the State are yet to see the effects of over one hundred and thirty billion naira (N130bn) loans Governor Seyi Makinde of the state has borrowed in the last fifteen months of his assumption of office. DAILY POST gathered that Makinde, who was inaugurated as Governor in May 2019 has borrowed no fewer than one hundred and thirty billion naira, which he claimed was to finance various projects in the State. But, ZLP while reacting, said that it was worried that no single individual in the State has seen the positive effects of the loans. ZLP Chairman, Comrade Wole Abisoye described the statement by Makinde at the flag-off of the phase two of light up Oyo State in Ogbomoso as unfortunate. Abisoye said the office demands comportment, saying a Governor who uses hate speech and foul language against imaginary opposition in the State is gradually digging his own downfall and that such utterances should be regarded as height of recklessness. Abisoye said Makinde was as ingrate for having the effrontery to attack those who helped him to power. “The 2015 election which Makinde lost woefully readily comes to mind. “He forgets so soon that in the said election, he did not win any ward as governorship candidate of SDP. As a matter of fact, he lost in his own polling booth and only won in one or two polling booths in the State. “It means he could not have won any election without the coalition partners, otherwise why did he fail in all the previous elections since 2007 that he has been presenting himself for elective offices? “It’s trite that power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely. For a person who reneges a favour done to him by others, Yoruba has a name for such an individual. I won’t dignify him further, he knows the concept of Omoluabi and what’s to follow when a person’s word could no longer be his bond?. “Our concern is the increasing debt profile of the State. We are worried because Oyo State belongs to all of us and whatever goes wrong would affect us and our children in future. “As we speak, our debt is increasing daily in less than a year and half of Makinde’s government. The latest light up project which he claimed would gulp over N28billion calls for concern, especially when our teeming youths are jobless. We are yet to see the effect of loans recently collected by this government. “We are not playing politics with our statement, but we need to call the attention of the well meaning citizens of the state to your poor understanding of governance and leadership, especially as regards to increasing the debt profile. “This light up repayment spread over seven years; at what cost? Who is the investor ready to wait for a seven years repayment period after completing a job in nine months with a 120 days moratorium? Who is fooling who?”