The Enugu Electricity Distribution PLC (EEDC) has joined other Distribution Companies across the country in the implementation of the new service reflective tariff. The implementation which was effective Tuesday, September 1, 2020 is in compliance with the Order by the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) dated 27th August, 2020. This development was made known in a press statement issued on Wednesday by the Head, Corporate Communications, EEDC, Mr. Emeka Ezeh. DAILY POST recalls that the Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) and Ikeja Electricity Distribution Company (IKEDC) had earlier announced the implementation of the new Service Reflective Tariff Plan. Providing details on the implementation of the new plan by the EEDC, Ezeh explained that it will be a reflection of the service quality and does not apply to all customers, but only to those that enjoy more hours of power supply. He said, “In the new tariff Order, customers are classified into three major clusters, namely: Non-MD, MD-1 and MD-2. “In the same vein, five distinctive bands (A-E) has been created to reflect the various service levels and minimum hours of power supply, a situation where a blanket tariff no longer applies to all category of customers. “For instance, customers in “Band A” are to enjoy daily minimum supply of 20 hours, those in “Band B” minimum of 16 hours, “Band C” minimum of 12 hours, “Band D” minimum of 8 hours, while those in “Band E” are expected to enjoy minimum daily supply of 4 hours. “The impact of the reviewed tariff will only apply to customers in Bands A, B and C; while the tariff for customers in Bands D and E remains frozen, until their service quality is improved upon. It is only then that they will be migrated to the Band that suits their supply availability.” Ezeh further stated that the review is consistent with the outcome of the various stakeholder consultations for extraordinary tariff review applications held across Abia, Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu and Imo states in February and March this year. It was gathered that for postpaid customers, the impact of the new tariff will reflect in their October bill which is for energy consumed in the month of September, while it will impact on prepaid customers as they purchase their token. The new tariff is expected to improve efficiency in delivering quality service to customers, and will equally ensure the sustenance of the operators within the Nigerian Electricity Supply Industry (NESI). Meanwhile, it is certain that many customers in EEDC’s area of coverage would move to the new tariff plan. This is following the improvement of power supply within the last few months. Ezeh attributed the improvement to concerted efforts and huge investments made by the company in maintaining, upgrading and strengthening its network, a project that has been on since over one year. “We are excited that our customers are already experiencing the effect of these efforts and hope they will reciprocate by promptly paying their energy bills,” he said. According to Ezeh, there is no way EEDC would be able to sustain this level of improvement if customers do not pay for the services. The company also urged her customers to desist from illegal activities that negatively impact on its operations, such as meter bypass, energy theft, unauthorised access to the network, vandalism, etc. To ensure that this level of improvement gets to other parts of the network, Ezeh said that “the company has some identified projects that are yet to be executed, which when completed, will positively enhance the service quality and customer experience.” “EEDC is committed to ensuring that this feat already achieved is not just maintained, but surpassed”, Ezeh assured.