Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has endorsed Governor Rotimi Akeredolu for the Ondo State Governorship election slated for Oct. 10. The National Caretaker Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Mai Mala Buni, confirmed the endorsement after he presented the candidate to the president at the State House on Friday in Abuja. Speaking to State House correspondents after the endorsement, Buni expressed optimism that the APC candidate would win the October governorship poll in Ondo. 2. The Nigerian government on Friday said it has received samples of Russia’s COVID-19 vaccine. Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire received the samples from the Russia Ambassador to Nigeria, Alexey Shebarshin, during a visit to the ministry in Abuja, on Friday. The ministry’s Director of Information, Media, and Public Relations, Olujimi Oyetomi disclosed this in a statement. 3. Former Emir of Kano, Muhammed Sanusi, has insisted he has no plans to run for any political office in the country. The former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), said he was no longer interested in politics. He disclosed that instead of going into politics, he will be running a fellowship programme at Oxford University in the United Kingdom as from October. 4. The English Court on Friday granted permission to Nigeria to argue the $9.6 billion arbitral award made against the federal government. Umar Gwandu, spokesman to the attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, made this known in a statement. The court allowed Nigeria to bring the challenge outside the normal time limits, due to the evidence presented on fraud. 5. The board of the Federal Road Safety Corps, FRSC, has granted approval for the dismissal of 8 erring officers of the Corps in accordance with the provisions of its regulation on discipline. The Corps Public Education Officer (CPEO), ACM Bisi Kazeem, disclosed this in a statement made available to newsmen on Friday in Abuja. Kazeem said that the dismissal was part of the efforts made to rid the FRSC of undisciplined and corrupt elements. 6. After spending four days in kidnappers’ den, the Chief Medical Director of General Hospital, Idoani, Ondo State, Dr. Olufemi Adeogun, and two other victims on Thursday night regained their freedom. The three medical workers who were kidnapped by gunmen at Idoani in Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State were freed following the payment of N4.5m ransom. 7. Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, the Ooni of Ife, has warned Nigerians against relaxing in the observation of necessary protocols as COVID-19 cases continue to drop. Ogunwusi told State House correspondents after a courtesy visit to Vice President Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa, Abuja on Friday. The monarch said he was hopeful that COVID-19 pandemic will soon end and people will return to normal lives and activities. 8. The Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics (ASUP) of Federal Polytechnic, Mubi has described its immediate past Rector, Dr Sadiq Yahya, as a tyrant, who should be prosecuted. The union members who gathered in a protest at the Yola campus of the institution on Friday, also called on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to investigate Dr. Sadiq for gross misconducts while in office. 9. Barcelona captain, Lionel Messi, has confirmed he is staying at the club for the 2020/2021 season. According to him, he has taken the decision to avoid a legal war. This comes after days of intense speculation, triggered by the 33-year-old’s fax to the club, asking for his contract to be terminated. 10. The Kogi State Government on Friday sealed off all the Union Bank of Nigeria (UBN) branches in the state. The government said the action was in line with a Court judgment obtained from the State High Court. The Director, Legal Services, Kogi State Internal Revenue Service, KGIRS, Barrister Isa Jamil on Friday, explained that the Kogi State Internal Revenue Service made the move because the bank defaulted in the payment of tax liability owed the state government.