The Senior Pastor of Covenant Christian Centre, Poju Oyemade, has backed the Senior Pastor of Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Paul Enenche and Pastor David Ibiyeomie of Salvation Ministries, over their attacks on popular On-Air Personality, Daddy Freeze. Daddy Freeze is known for rebuking pastors publicly whom he disagrees with. The OAP had in a trending video described Bishop David Oyedepo of Living Faith Church as a “baldheaded fowl,” while also attacking other men of God like Pastor Enoch Adeboye of Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG. Reacting, Ibiyeomie had described the presenter as a bastard who would soon meet his end if he continues to attack Oyedepo and other clergymen. Similarly, Enenche had described Daddy Freeze as a mad dog suffering from bipolar disease. Enenche also backed Pastor Ibiyeomie, stressing that Daddy Freeze acted in a way that qualifies him to be called a bastard However, Poju, while backing Pastor Enenche and Ibiyeomie, insisted that it was wrong to insult those older than you. In a post on his Facebook, the clergyman said it would be wrong for pastors to stay silent over the attack on them. According to Pastor Poju, “speaking out is right, in leadership silence is consent.” The post entitled: “Why I agree in principle with Pastor Ibiyome and Pastor Paul Enenche,” reads: “To openly mock someone much older than you and also a person who is in authority should be roundly condemned. The principle of publicly speaking out against such behavior is right for if left unanswered in the public square, it will become the culture and many who are young and impressionable people will follow suit. “In leadership, silence is consent. What you see today in a corner that seems insignificant if you do not address it will one day take over the entire fabric of society. “There are institutions God has put in place to keep society in order. Those offices must be respected even if you disagree with them. You may disagree doctrinal wise with leaders and you may in some cases voice out your opinion but to use mockery and insults as a weapon is wrong and must be condemned. “To think you can insult your way to destiny is futile.”