People of Mkpat Enin local government area of Akwa Ibom State have raised alarm over the deplorable state of roads across the communities and called on the governor, Mr. Udom Emmanuel to intervene. They also lamented the incessant road accident around the Ikot-Akpaden junction in recent times which according to them had claimed not fewer than 25 lives from January to August 2020. A community Monarch Etubom Moses Ukpong who spoke on behalf of the people said roads across the communities have become impassable which had adversely affected the economic activity of the council. Speaking on Wednesday when the leadership of the Civil Liberties Organisation on a good governance tour led by the chairman Otuekong Franklyn Isong visited him, Etubom Ukpong stressed that the state of the roads had brought untold hardship and suffering on his people. He wondered why a community which plays host to coconut refinery, Ibom power plant, the State University, could be ridden with poor road infrastructure and network as this has taken a negative toll on the economic growth of the community. On the Ikot Akpaden Junction which leads to the Eastwest road, Ikot Abasi, Onna and Eket, the Monarch said the junction is an accident-prone area as it is wide without a roundabout and called for the construction of one to forestall the occurrence of more accidents. He, however, called on the indigenes of the community both at the state and the federal level to join hands and build the community in order to leave a legacy. He also thanked the immediate past commissioner for Environment, Mr. Ekong Sampson for donating pipe-borne water to the community and urged others to borrow a leaf from that kind gesture. According to him, ”We have a big market here that generates revenue to the local government yet there is no good road anywhere in the community. “Also, Ikot Akpaden junction has become a death trap in the community. The junction is too wide and we have lost not just our sons and daughters but other travellers from neighboring local governments and States through accidents. “We call on His Excellency, Deacon Udom Emmanuel to look into the matter and construct a roundabout for the people of Mkpat Enin. Also when contacted, the former commissioner for Environment, Ekong Sampson said Mkpatenin is actually cut off in terms of road network adding that relevant authorities have been contacted and hopefully something would be done soon. On the water project, Sampson noted that it was part of his contribution in the fight against Coronavirus and to promote hygiene in the community promising that such move shall be sustained.