Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, (OYC), an Igbo socio-cultural organization, has congratulated Godwin Obaseki, the winner of the last Saturday’s gubernatorial election in Edo State. OYC also lauded the Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party National Campaign Council for Edo election, Governor Nyesom Wike and Uche Secondus-led National Working Committee, NWC, for the resounding victory. DAILY POST reported that the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, on Sunday, declared Godwin Obaseki of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, winner of the Saturday’s governorship election in Edo State. INEC’s Returning Officer for the election, Prof. Akpofure Rim-Rukeh, declared Obaseki winner of the election after polling a total of 307,955 votes to humble his closest challenger, Ize-Iyamu of the APC, who polled a total of 223,619 votes. However, OYC, in a press release signed by its President, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and made available to DAILY POST, on Monday, posited that the outcome of Edo election was an affirmative evidence that PDP should jettison any plan to zone its 2023 presidential ticket to the North. Ohanaeze insisted that the nation’s presidency should be ceded to the Igbo nation in Southern Nigeria in 2023 for its immense contributions in deepening democracy as well in the country. The Igbo youth body also issued seven days ultimatum notice to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to state its position on the several clamours by the Igbo nation to take its shot in 2023. OYC disclosed that the ultimatum takes effect from Monday(today), saying further that at the expiration of ultimatum, there would be inevitable aggressive orientation of Igbos to seek for alternative political solutions if PDP continues to assault on Igbo intelligence as cows that should be milked to death, especially during elections. According to Ohanaeze release which partly stated, “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, is apprehensive about the obvious silence of the national leadership of PDP to speak on the allegations of dumping Igbo presidency for a northern candidate in 2023. PDP leadership should speak out either in support or against 2023 Igbo presidential project, and failure to address this issue at the expiration of the ultimatum, there will be severe political consequences and damages for PDP through aggressive media enlightenment in the seven Igbo-speaking States, including Anioma in Delta and Rivers States, on why igbos should not vote PDP in the future elections starting from Anambra 2021. “OYC had uncovered shocking facts about the well-scripted plots to use the Biafra agitation, as a ploy to thwart the 2023 Igbo presidential project through agents of PDP led by a former Governor from South East zone, and would subsequently use it as a bargaining weapon to outwit his closest rival, who is a sitting governor from Niger Delta region for the 2023 PDP Vice presidential slot”.