A cleric in Imo State, Bishop Uzoma Emmanuel has accused the Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodinma of having no regard to the suffering of Imo people. The Bishop also flayed the procurement of vehicles for political appointees and civil servants by the governor, describing the action to have exposed the government’s insensitivity to the plight of the citizens. Bishop Uzoma, who is the prelate of Christ Victorious Alive Revival Mission and Rector Alive Theological Seminary, Owerri made the remark in a statement at the weekend. According to him, Gov. Uzodimma should have cleared backlog of arrears of salaries and pensions being owed by his government instead of engaging in the extravagant expenditure of purchasing cars for appointees of his government. He said; “Senator Hope Uzodinma has given car gifts to his political appointees and coaster buses for the civil servants. In my opinion, the governor seemed to be ignorant of the plight of the people he is governing. “His insensitivity may have led to his refusal to pay workers and pensioners their outstanding salaries. Imolites are not happy with him, the money he used to buy the cars should have been used to pay salaries. “The vehicles he bought who will enjoy them: the hungry workers or the political appointees that are not being paid? “The cars and buses are good but should not be the priority of the Governor now, he offset the state’s accumulated bills first, people are dying of hunger. The rainy season is around the corner, the roads are too bad. few days ago, it rained and all the roads in Owerri municipality were flooded. “The government of Hope Uzodinma should be a listening government. The governor may have good intentions but he has bad advisers, a meeting of stakeholders should be convened soon for discussion. Up till now the people of Imo State are yet to enjoy the dividends of democracy.” The cleric advised Governor Uzodinma to borrow a leaf from his colleague’s infrastructural developments in Ebonyi State, saying the State governor, David Umahi had surpassed his contemporaries in the country.