Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The state House of Assembly Elections Petition Tribunal, sitting in Ilorin, has nullified the election of the lawmaker representing Pategi Constituency, in the Kwara state House of Assembly, Ahmed Adam on Monday, over alleged irregularities in his names. The tribunal consequently declared Hon Salihu Yahaya Mohammed, of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, as the winner of the bye-election held in March 2020. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has been dragged to the Supreme Court by states controlled by both the All Progressives Congress, APC, and other opposition parties in the country over the executive order he signed in May. The 36 states want the apex court to quash Buhari’s executive order on the funding of courts, signed on May 20. 3. Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP National Campaign Council in the just concluded governorship election in Edo State, and Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has warned that he may be forced to get involved directly in the Ondo State governorship election should the ruling All Progressives Congress drag him into their politics. Wike issued the warning while reacting to comments by his Ondo State counterpart, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu who accused him of being the godfather of Rivers politics. 4. The Indigenous People of Biafra has insisted that there is no going back on total shutdown in Southeast region on October 1. The outlawed separatist group said all businesses, motor parks and means of transportation will be shut down to protest the Nigerian Government’s refusal to allow the region peacefully secede. 5. Four persons lost their lives in a fatal accident involving three vehicles, which crashed into each other in Anambra on Monday. The Acting Public Education Officer Anambra Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Kamal Musa, said the incident happened at about 11:30 am, adding that four other persons who sustained injury in the crash have been taken to the hospital, while the deceased have been lodged in an undisclosed morgue. 6. Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, says love and unity will “rebuild the cracks” in Nigeria. Osinbajo, who spoke at the Independence Day Interdenominational Church Service at the National Christian Centre in Abuja on Sunday, urged Nigerians to contribute their quotas to national development through renewed vigour. 7. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has said his predecessor, former Governor, Rotimi Amaechi should not be walking free if Nigeria truly practices democracy. Wike said the shutdown of Rivers State Judiciary under Rotimi Amaechi’s administration as Governor of the state was a violation of the rights of the people of the state. 8. The Niger State Government has announced the reopening of all basic and post-basic classes of private and public institutions for the third term of 2019/2020 academic session on Oct. 4. Hajiya Hannatu Salihu, the Niger State Commissioner for Education, who announced this during a news conference in Minna on Monday, said that the decision to reopen schools was a result of a series of meetings with stakeholders and State Commissioners for Education, where resolutions were adopted. 9. The Yoruba Council of Elders has kicked against the ongoing agitation for Oduduwa Republic. The elders’ council believes it is unrealistic for the Oduduwa Republic to be achieved without violence. 10. A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory sitting in Abuja on Monday awarded N50 million in favour of the woman assaulted by the Senator representing Adamawa-North, Elisha Abbo. The FCT High Court entered judgment against the Senator over a sex toy shop video that went viral in 2019 awarding the sum of N50 million in favour of the victim, Osimibibra Warmate.