The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Uyo zonal office, Akwa Ibom State said it has arrested three suspected land scammers and one Internet fraudster in the state. In a statement issued by EFCC spokesman in Abuja, Wale Oyewale and obtained on Sunday by DAILY POST, said the suspects were arrested on September 3, 2020, through intelligence report. Oyewale explained that the suspected land scammers operate under the guise of providing their unsuspecting victims real estate services using the name of Royal Dream Estate. He further explained that the suspects through their Facebook page (Royal Dream Estate) advertise several lands for sale where unsuspecting persons would buy the land and they would sell same land to another buyer. The statement reads in parts, “The Uyo zonal office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on September 3, 2020, arrested three suspected land scammers in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State. The suspects are, Ubah Victor Gozie a 25yrs old male indigene of Abia State; Sunday Justice(male)-24yrs and Okon Mark Uduak(female)-27yrs, both from Akwa-Ibom state. “They were arrested at their office, located on Oron road, directly Opposite the Akwa-Ibom state Water Board. Their arrest was based on intelligence report, gathered by operatives of the Commission on how the suspects have been going about within the state, defrauding innocent indigenes of Akwa Ibom state, under the guise of providing them with real estate services, using the name, Royal Dream Estate. “Their modus operandi includes, advertising several lands for sale on their Facebook page (Royal Dream Estate), and lure people to buy the lands often located at choice areas, at very cheap rates of not less than N600, 000 (Six hundred thousand naira), and they proceed further to sell same land at same rates to other buyers. “Further investigations into the activities of the trio revealed that they have defrauded several persons within the state, up to the tune of N9m (Nine million Naira).” Oyewale said several incriminating documents, including copies of fake Deed of Conveyance, two desktops, one Lexus ES 300 (Silver colour) with registration number, KLF 810 and several other fraudulent documents printed from their desktops were recovered from the suspects. He said the 33 years old suspected internet fraudster, one Omos Michael, who hailed from Delta State was arrested at his residence located at Ikot Akpan-Abia, behind State Police Headquarters, Uyo, Akwa Ibom State. He said the suspect had confessed that he is an Internet fraudster, and that his area of specialisation was love scam, as he voluntarily confessed that he has made over N3m (Three million naira) through the illicit business.