Reactions have trailed the eviction of Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemates, Ozo and Trickytee from the reality show. The duo were evicted after scoring the lowest votes in the house. Following Ozo’s eviction, Nengi, who was his love interest, broke down in tears. Reacting, some Nigerians on social media blamed Ozo’s for his eviction. They also wished Trickytee the best in his career. Here are comments DAILY POST gathered from Twitter; @opeehyny, “Ozo will make a good lover, he is very soft-hearted, so he needs someone like Nengi, I hope the person she is holding it down for is worth it.” @samuik, “Nengi fans actually deceived team Ozo into thinking they were voting and Dora will be leaving. Even with all the apologies from Ozo camp.” @iamfiyboy, “If I was Nengi, even if I wasn’t the type to cry, I would have cried when Ozo left, I even almost cried. Good men are so hard to find, who will tell people to take care of me when he’s gone and that he loves me.” @reggie, “If I had said earlier that Ozo is coming home, people would have dragged me on this street and say because I am an Elites but when Beggie told Nengi that two people can visit her, then I knew Ozo was coming home. Biggie just wanted Ozo to spend the rest of the moments with Nengi because of the bad news.” @Balogunby, “Nengi likes being free with everyone around her especially guys. Ozo mistook it for love which isn’t a bad thing. So after the house, they might not be that close.” @Ayobankole, “Ozo was in a contest to win N85m that could change his life forever. Whilst his relatives were busy campaigning hard for him to win, he was busy losing focus and turned his brand to a laughing stock. May we never lose focus in our race for success.” @Mohnice, “Trickytee deserves some good claps! He came too far and did a good job. Good luck to him.” @Ms_faves, “Congratulations TrickyTee! You had a great run. Goodluck to you going forward. Thank you for serving us one of the greatest moments this season when you gave my Laycon a break from evictions after 8 weeks of being up. @folusho_official, “Even though he has been evicted, it’s still a WIN WIN situation for Tricky Tee. He has come this far only with the grace of God and nothing more. I wish Trikytee well after the show. He really deserves everything good. He’s so cool.” @ Bro_olla, “Next year BBN aspirants should link up with Tricky tee and learn how he made it this far in the house.”