Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The President of Ghana, Nana Akufo-Addo, has said Al-Qaeda and Boko Haram are taking advantage of poverty in North-East Nigeria to recruit new members. Akufo-Addo, who stated this on Monday, while on a working visit to the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Commission in Abuja, said the insurgents were also making inroads in the Lake Chad Basin, Mali and the Greater Sahel. 2. The reelected Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, on Monday, said the lions and tigers of the State have been caged. Obaseki said his victory at the Saturday’s governorship election was an indication that the tigers and the lions in Edo State politics have been permanently caged. 3. An observer group in the just concluded Edo State Governorship election, Intercontinental Leadership Initiative, has faulted the integrity of the Sept. 19 poll. Mr Stafford Bisong, the Country Head of the organisation, who disclosed that he had his officials across the 18 Local Government Areas of Edo State during the election, noted that non-functional card readers used for the election across the State raised integrity issues about the poll. 4. The national body of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has urged former National Chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole and other leaders in Edo State to congratulate winner of the Saturday’s governorship election in the state, Governor Godwin Obaseki. The Chairman, APC National Caretaker Committee, Governor Mai Mala Buni, who said this in a statement in Abuja on Monday, saluted its candidate in the election, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, for his tenacity and leadership. 5. At least 1,100 COVID-19 related deaths have now been recorded in Nigeria and 195 new cases in the country. According to the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the cases were from 11 states: Enugu (51), Gombe (40), Lagos (39), Plateau (23), FCT (15), Rivers (12), Kaduna (8), Ondo (3), Bauchi (2), Edo (1) and Ogun (1). 6. The Federal Government has warned schools to adhere to measures put in place to prevent the further spread of COVID-19. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, who gave this warning during the Presidential Task Force (PTF) briefing on Monday in Abuja, noted that 10 percent of coronavirus cases in the country are under 19 years old. 7. The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has threatened to stop domestic flights in the country. In a letter addressed to local airlines on Monday, NCAA said it has observed that some airlines are breaching the protocol put in place to curb the spread of COVID-19. 8. The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) has said that the Federal Government has spent a total of N8.94 trillion on oil subsidy between 2006 and 2015. PPPRA in a document on subsidy payment released in Abuja on Monday, said that the subsidy was paid to the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and oil marketers in the period under review. 9. A fifty-five-year-old Musa Mamman was killed while nineteen others were injured in a farmers and herdsmen clash at Madamuwa village in Guri Local Government Area of Jigawa. The clash occurred on the Sunday 19th September 2020 around 12:30pm at Madamuwa bush for allegedly grazing in the farmers’ lands. 10. The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ondo State has told the opposition political parties in the State that the forthcoming October 20 governorship election will not be the same as the last Saturday polls in Edo State. The Ondo APC also said it was full of confidence that the election petition tribunal will sack Governor Godwin Obaseki and give APC victory in Edo State, because according to it, Saturday’s election was marred by rigging .