The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Kaduna State chapter, has revealed that the crisis in Southern Kaduna has re-awakened many Nigerians from their slumber of its seriousness and how to come up with possible ways of tackling the problem. Speaking while on a visit to Mercy camp, Zonkwa, the state chairman of CAN, Rev. John Joseph Hayab, regretted that some people are playing politics with the crisis by giving it different narratives. Rev. Hayab, who was in company of other officials said they were in the camp to present relief materials and to see for themselves what many of the victims were passing through. He expressed joy that many have returned home to continue with life again. “We should not allow this challenge to create fear among us because if we allow it, there will be hunger. People will not be able to go to farm. We hope they (victims) will be able to put back structures and continue with life so that children will return when schools are eventually reopened for classes,” he observed. Rev. Hayab assured that believers should hold unto their faith, believing that after the calamity, comes blessings to the people. “Persecuting and creating hardship will make us move forward in life. The present situation the Church has found itself should challenge people to look inward and do something better for a living,” he explained. The camp manager, Rev. Gambo Waziri, thanked God Almighty for His faithfulness, stressing that the camp came about as a child of necessity having seen what most women and children were going through when their villages were attacked. Rev. Waziri explained that the camp hosts 3,455 displaced persons. Besides, others that are staying with relatives in Zonkwa town always come to get what they would feed on. He added that the camp had 58 pregnant women, 6 (six) have given birth but noted that two of the newborn babies died. He thanked the people of Southern Kaduna and outsiders for their support and understanding for coming with their support to assist the displaced persons.