The Chairman of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Borno state, Hon. Ali Bukar Dalori has denied allegations making the rounds that his party and other top echelons were imposing Candidates ahead of the forthcoming elections in the state. The Chairmanship and Councillorship elections for Local Governments in the state are scheduled to hold on November 28th 2020. Speaking to newsmen on Wednesday in his office, while receiving aspirants and their party supporters who came to buy nomination and expression of interest forms, Dalori said all contestants were eligible to apply. ”Any contestant who is an indigene and a registered member of the APC, irrespective of sex, and have met with necessary guidelines and requirements including contribution to the party and of good character is free and illegible to visit the State Headquarters of the party in Maiduguri and obtain his or her form as his door remains open”. Dalori who is also the Forum Chairman of APC Chairmen in 36 states and the federal capital Abuja said, since the commencement of the sale of the forms, a total of 35 aspirants spread across 27 Local Government Areas have picked the Chairmanship forms at the cost of N1 million. He added that Councillorship forms were sold at the cost of N300,000 with intern inclusive. The Chairman stressed that APC being the ruling party in the state had to raise the prices of the forms to prevent monopoly. He said “The allegations making the round that my party and other top echelons were imposing candidates ahead of the forthcoming Chairmanship and Councillorship positions for Local Government Elections slated to hold on November 28th 2020, is baseless and untrue. “Even this morning, our Leader, Governor Professor Babagana Umara Zulum called me and said I should make sure that I conduct a free and fair primary election and that is what APC is all about. “In fact, in some Local Government Areas where there is a peaceful consensus, we are even giving out the forms to such consensus candidates free of charge if such a candidate does not have money to obtain the forms but was asked to contest unanimously. “We are doing everything possible to ensure the unity of our members as we prepare for free, fair and peaceful elections in all our 27 Council Areas come 28th November 2020 Insha Allah.