Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), has condemned what it described as the guerilla-style of killing of Muslims and Fulanis in Zangon Kataf of Kaduna State. According to MURIC, the killings which happened on 8th and 9th September, 2020, were in violation of the peace pact of 22nd August, 2020. MURIC’s position was contained in a statement issued to DAILY POST on Monday, 14th September, 2020 and signed by its Director, Professor Ishaq Akintola. The statement reads: “Christian youths of Zangon Kataf have violated the 22nd August, 2020 peace pact initiated by the Agwa Atyap, Sir Dominic Gambo Yahaya between the Atyap and Hausa/Fulani. The breach occurred on Tuesday, 8th September, 2020 when they launched guerrilla-like attacks on Muslims and Fulanis. “The attacks resulted in the killing of three unarmed and defenseless Fulani near Gora Gan. Those killed were Abdullahi Hassan, Yusuf Hassan Sogiji and Abubakar Hassan. Two other Fulani men, Musa Hassan and his father, Malam Hassan are still being treated in Jama’a Clinic in Zonkwa after sustaining various degrees of injuries during the attack. “Another Fulani Muslim, AbdulRashid Lawal Malan was killed by the Christian Kataf militia the following day, Wednesday, 9th September, 2020 in Kurmin Masara, near Bakin Kogi bridge. Maitalata Idris Narutu, a Fulani and native of Zango urban, who lives in Dokan Lere narrowly escaped being killed when his car was stopped at an illegal roadblock mounted by Atyap youth militia. “The setting up of roadblocks by the youth militia contravenes the terms of the peace pact entered on 22nd August, 2020. Both local and international stakeholders must hold the Christian Atyap militia of Southern Kaduna responsible for starting the vicious cycle of bloodshedding after the recent peace pact. “MURIC strongly condemns these killings and attacks on law-abiding Muslims. We call for stronger presence of security agents. It is high time soldiers are drafted to Southern Kaduna to enforce law and order. We advocate long term military presence until the inhabitants of Southern Kaduna learn how to peacefully coexist. “As an organization whose motto is ‘Dialogue, No Violence’, we frown at violence in all its ramifications. We are fully committed to a peaceful approach to the Southern Kaduna crisis. We, therefore, call on both parties to sheathe their swords.”