Women’s Rights Organisations in the country has called on Kogi State Governor Alhaji Yahaya Bello, to as a matter of urgency suspend the Commissioner for Water resources , Abdulmumuni Danga, for allegedly beating and raping a lady in the state
until the investigation is concluded. According to them, this will enable a level playing ground for investigation. The commissioner allegedly beat up and raped one Miss Elizabeth Oyeniyi after kidnapping her from Okene on the 29th of March 2020. The call for the commissioner’s suspension was contained in a statement endorsed by five non-governmental organizations namely ActionAid Nigeria , Education As A Vaccine, Dorothy Njemanze Foundation, Sterling Centre for Law & Development and DiniDari Foundation in which a copy was made available to DAILY POST in Lokoja on Friday. According to the statement
“We, the undersigned organizations, appreciate the prompt response of Your Excellency to the pictures and video in circulation showing assault of Miss Elizabeth Oyeniyi in which she alleged that Abdulmumuni Danga, the Commissioner for Water Resources in Kogi State assaulted her on the 29th of March 2020. “We welcome the press statement expressing zero tolerance of the Kogi State government to sexual assault and violence. We are also glad to hear that the incidents will be investigated by the appropriate authorities. “The allegations against the Commissioner are weighty and of such nature that when confirmed will be damning of the perpetrator, and so we call on your administration to ensure these allegations are thoroughly investigated by an impartial body to ensure justice is served” “We are dismayed by the recent news of alleged physical and psychological violence perpetrated by the Kogi State Commissioner for Water Resources, Abdulmumuni Danga, against Elizabeth for criticizing him on Social Media. “This is especially appalling because the accused commissioner allegedly abducted her, physically assaulted her, stripped her naked and took a video recording of her with the threat that the video would be released if she speaks about the incident. “As if that was not enough, her phone was destroyed to avoid documentation of evidence, and she was forced to retract her statement and apologize under duress. “This is the height of abuse of power and outright violation of rights. If left unaddressed, such heinous act by power holders against women will increase thereby leaving women and girls more vulnerable than ever. “We are sure that his Excellency, Governor Yahaya Bello, is against the abuse of power in office, and an ardent advocate of the fundamental rights of Nigerian citizens, thus, he will not allow this matter be swept under the carpet.”