Ebonyi State governor, David Umahi, at the weekend, imposed a curfew in the state and ordered security agencies to arrest and prosecute anyone found outside or walking around between 7:00 am and 7:00 pm. The governor made this known during a state broadcast at the new government house, Abakaliki. He said the restriction of movement is with immediate effect from Saturday, the 17th of April, stressing that the purpose of the curfew is to maintain the social distancing order of the government and to avert the spread of COVID-19 in the state. Umahi, exempted those under essential Services such as health workers, security agents, media workers and others involved in anti-coronavirus activities who must have a pass or permit. He said: “I hereby direct a total lockdown of the entire state from 7am to 7pm and anybody found outside within this period must be arrested and prosecuted. Only those offering essential Services such as Security agents, health workers, Media workers, and those involved in the anti-coronavirus activities, who must have passes are exempted”. Recall that there have not been any records of COVID-19 in Ebonyi State, since the outbreak in Nigeria. The governor further directed security chiefs in the state to ensure that the curfew is obeyed especially in the seven borders connecting Ebonyi and other states of the federation to forestall the incidence of smuggling of people into the state. He revealed his preparedness to install CCTV cameras at the border locations to get daily videos of all the happenings at the borders. According to him: “We have agreed to have seven blockages in each border location. Each entry point of Ebonyi State will have seven blockages. The first one at the boundary between us and another state will be manned by the Army and Army alone. Nobody else will be there. “Then, at a distance that will be agreed by the Deputy Governor and the security chiefs, the police will mount their own. Only the police will be there. We don’t want anybody else. The third point will be where the other service chiefs will contribute personnel and mount blockage. “The fourth one will be the Neighborhood Watch. The fifth one will be the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) The sixth one will be the Royal Highnesses and the Town Union Presidents and the seventh one will be the local government Chairmen and the Coordinators. “This is with immediate effect. Let us see how the leakage will happen. And if the Army passes any vehicle and it is dictated against the law by the police, we will ask questions to the Army. It will help us know where the leakage is coming from” he stated