The Police Divisional Headquarters in Eket Local Government Area (LGA) of Akwa Ibom, said they have arrested one Mr Godwin Jeremiah, a bricklayer from Ikot Udota, for allegedly raping his 13-year-old daughter. Mr. Sunday Digha, the Divisional Police Officer (DPO), made this known to newsmen in Eket, during the arrest of Jeremiah on Saturday. Digha said the suspect started harassing his daughter sexually since last year, and was arrested after she reported the case to the Divisional Police Headquarters, Eket. NAN reports that the DPO was accompanied by the wife of the Eket Local Government Chairman, Mrs Bright Archibong, and President, International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA), in Akwa Ibom, Mrs Emem Ette, to arrest the alleged suspect. According to the DPO the suspect is currently being detained at the Divisional Police Headquarters in Eket, for further investigations. He added that Jeremiah’s friend, who also allegedly attempted to rape the victim, was on the run and the police were looking for him. The victim while narrating her ordeal said her father always had sex with her forcefully and mainly in the night, on a daily basis. She said, “My father forcefully abused me sexually. This occurs almost on a daily basis in spite of my resistance and the pains and injury I sustained from the ungodly act. “Initially, I reported the case to my stepmother who confronted my father, but she was beaten and this made her flee from my father’s house. “When the whole thing became unbearable for me, I ran and reported to the police, which led to his first arrest, but my aunt, who did not believe my story, intervened and he was released on bail. ”After his release, I did not have any option than to return to the house and stay with my father. “The matter grew from bad to worse. It was the darkest moment in my life. ” This time my father did not allow me to sleep, he forcefully abused me through out the night. “It was crying on daily basis. Since nobody was there to help, I decided to run away from my father’s house. “But fate led to my meeting a compassionate mother, Mrs Bright Archibong, and the President of FIDA who rose up to fight on my behalf. ”Also, my father’s friend, one Mr Michael, from Ikot Udoma village, also attempted to rape me , but he ran away when I raised alarm,” the victim added.