Osun State Government has extended the stay-at-home order to contain the spread of coronavirus in the state by two weeks, citing the need for ‘total defeat’ of the virus. That is even as residents were given opportunities to re-stock between 15th April, Wednesday and Thursday 16th, by suspending the lockdown for the two days period. The Governor of the state, Gboyega Oyetola, made this known during a state broadcast, Tuesday evening. DAILY POST reports that the governor had on 31st March announced an initial 14-day total lockdown, following earlier closure of the State’s boundaries with other states in the zone, which expired on midnight of Tuesday. Oyetola, while admitting that the decision to lockdown the state brought about painful sacrifice, however, said the move has been adjudged to be the best, based on the significant outcome recorded in combating the killer disease headlong. He explained that ever since the lockdown was announced with cooperation from the residents to ensure full compliance, no new case of coronavirus was recorded in the state. Oyetola said: “In order to ensure a total defeat of coronavirus in Osun, we shall extend lockdown by another 14 days. But to allow our people to re-stock, the lockdown is suspended between Wednesday, 15th and Thursday, 16th April, 2020. The second lockdown shall therefore commence on midnight of Thursday, April 16, 2020. “All markets and land boundaries remain closed during the suspension of the lockdown and the lockdown period. Also, the ban on all public gatherings remains in force. “Circumstances of our situation do not support the suspension of lockdown at this period. The application and implications of half measures are dangerous and grave at this critical period. “There can be no doubt that we have all sacrificed to get us where we are. We thank you all for your support, patience and sacrifice during these difficult times. The experience of the last few months is not one we would wish to repeat but it is better for us to deal with this deadly enemy once and for all.” “We are aware of the negative effects of lockdown on our fragile economy. But as a responsible government, we will not sacrifice the lives and security of our people on the altar of economy,” the governor stressed. He added that necessary security arrangement had been put in place to guarantee the safety of lives and property of citizens, as well as to ensure total compliance with the directive. Oyetola had earlier on Tuesday ordered immediate payment of stipends due to 25,907 vulnerable citizens in the State, which covers payment of N20,000 each to 15,289 elderly citizens and people living with disabilities under the Special Grant Transfer (SGT) scheme and N7,500 stipend to 10,618 youths under the Public Work Fare (PWF) programme.