The Islamic human rights organization, Muslim Rights Concern, MURIC, on Saturday said the death of President Muhammadu Buhari’s Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari shows that Coronavirus is real. MURIC stated this while condoling with Buhari and the family of the former Chief of Staff over the loss. Recall that the presidency had in a statement announced the death of Kyari. However, a statement signed by its Director, Professor Ishaq Akintola and sent to DAILY POST reads, “We commiserate with President Muhammadu Buhari, the family of the former COS, the deceased’s personal friends and the generality of Nigerians. Abba Kyari will be remembered for his uncommon loyalty, his incomparable patriotism and his thoroughness. He was an administrative colossus, a political juggernaut and a spinner nulli secundus. Abba Kyari knew not only how to hit the iron when it is hot, but how to make the iron hot by heating it at the right time. “MURIC is greatly saddened by the demise of Abba Kyari. We mourn a great son of the soil. A thick darkness has enveloped our great country, Nigeria. But even though our hearts are heavy with grief, we submit as believers to the decree of Almighty Allah in whose hands lies the decision to let live or to recall to mother earth. “May Allah forgive him and repose his soul in Al-Jannat Al-Firdaus. May He also give President Muhammadu Buhari another COS of like character and quality. We also pray that Allah gives the family of the deceased the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss. In the same vein, we pray for the recuperation of all those who have been infected by the virus. “We foresee the likelihood of some elements in the society celebrating the death of this administrative colossus, particularly critics of the Muhammadu Buhari administration. To such people we say, “You are just displaying your ignorance. Is Abba Kyari the only one in the corridors of power who has fallen to the deadly Coronavirus? Are you unaware of tens of world celebrities who have become victims of the virus? Are you also immune to COVID-19? “As we draw the curtain, we remind cynics and recalcitrant Nigerians that COVID-19 is real. A major lesson which we can draw from this unfortunate incident is that there is no more ambiguity about COVID-19. If indeed it can penetrate the seat of power, it means no one is immune from it. “We, therefore, advise Nigerians to eschew stubbornness and cynicism. They should obey instructions given by health officials and the government. Avoid crowded places, maintain social distance, stay at home, wash your hands regularly with soap and avoid touching your face. Only living Nigerians can serve Nigeria.”