Governor Babagana Zulum has ordered the lock down of Borno State with effect from Wednesday, amid the coronavirus scare in the state. He made the announcement in a statewide broadcast on Monday night. On Monday, the United Nations (UN) confirmed that coronavirus had killed an health worker. “In the exercise of the powers conferred on me, I have signed an executive order, declaring COVID-19 a dangerous disease,” Zulum said. “I am hereby directing a lockdown that will require cessation of all movements in Borno State for an initial period of 14 days with effect from 10:30pm on Wednesday, 22nd of April, 2020.” He appealed to all citizens in Borno to stay in their homes. Zulum also banned all public gatherings while offices and businesses in Borno State are to be fully closed during this period. “Security and intelligence agencies have been briefed for enforcement. Government will use this period of restriction to accelerate the tracing and isolation of persons who have been in contact with the index case. “However, the restriction will not apply to providers of essential services, which the high-powered team for prevention and control of COVID-19 in Borno State will make public. “The high-powered team under His Excellency, the Deputy Governor, has been directed to, as from tomorrow, Tuesday; commence a daily centralized media briefing at 4pm. “The high powered-team will on a daily basis provide citizens with timely updates and information on access to essential needs such as food, medical services and automated banking services. “Government will continue to observe developments as we hope to make progress in concerted efforts to contain the spread of the deadly virus. “I will like to clarify that tracing 97 interest persons does not amount to having 97 cases of coronavirus. We, however, await results from samples collected from these contacts, hoping we get good results. “Fellow citizens, as we have seen from the wild-fire effects of coronavirus, one index case is enough reason for very serious concern. We are taking far reaching measures to ensure the virus does not take any more or health concern in any part of Borno State.”