Simba Group, the distributors of TVS tricycles, have begun distribution of ‘safety and hygiene packs’ to thousands of Keke riders, as part of their nationwide program to support the sector. Against the backdrop of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and upon the advice of medical professionals, the company has provided hand sanitizers and face masks to Keke riders so as to protect against the spread of the virus. Member of Network of Civil Society Organisations, Ambassador Usman Ibrahim; Senior Staff, Simba TVS, Mr Sajid Saifi; Commissioner for Transportation, Borno State, Honourable Abubakar Tijani; and Chairman, Network of Civil Society Organisations, Ambassador Ahmed Shehu during the distribution of ‘Safety and Health’ Kits to Tricycle (Keke) Riders by Simba TVS in Borno State recently. Company representatives have held restricted-access handover ceremonies, in line with suggested social distancing practices, in order to donate thousands of such packs to Keke riders through their representative bodies, in collaboration with State Governments. At a recent handover ceremony in Maiduguri, attended by the Honourable Abubakar Tijani, State Commissioner for Transport and several other senior dignitaries, Simba’s representative, Peter Mamza, said “We are seeing that more and more people are turning to Keke for their transportation needs in this challenging time, due the vehicles inherent advantages as they carry only limited passengers at a time, and because Kekes are very well ventilated. We commend the State Government on the initiatives it is taking to safeguard its residents, and we are glad to contribute in this manner to support their efforts.” He went on to add, “We want to ensure that the rider community has access to these products which will not only help keep them safe, but also enable them to continue their livelihoods in areas where movement restrictions are not yet in place. We hope that by wearing masks, and reducing the potential spread of the virus, they will be able to further benefit society.” The Simba Group, one of the country’s most respected business groups, has been operating in Nigeria for over 30 years. The Group has contributed greatly to the Nigerian economy, and its portfolio of widely recognized brands continue to dominate industries in which Simba operates.