The governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi has revealed the preparedness of his administration to kick start the production of ventilators and electric tricycles that will be used in the COVID-19 isolation centres and conveying of people in the state. The governor, who spoke to journalists in Abakaliki through the special Assistant on Vocational college, Hon. Barr. Adaeze Nwaji, said the decision to commence the production of ventilators in the state was to avert delay in tackling the spread of COVID-19. Nwaji noted that the governor has directed the Department of Automobile and foundry of the college to do everything possible to ensure that such plans are actualised within the shortest period. According to the governor: “Ebonyi vocational college can produce Ventilators. Producing ventilators is not impossible. We keep trying until we get it right. We have already started doing it as you can see. He further stated that the college equally has started producing thousands of electric tricycles to cushion the effect of lack of transportation in the state, especially in the face of the ban of motorcycles. He said: “We are at the verge of producing the first electric tricycle. We want to stop importing. If you walk down to the Automobile workshop, you see our workers are working tirelessly to ensure this is achieved. “The last time, the governor visited the college, he said that if China can produce electric tricycle and ventilators, then the college can as well produce it. “Most of the things we do are being supported by the governor. We want to raise people that will become the employers of labour”. The college, however, donated over four thousand (4000) face masks, sanitizers and other assistance to assist the governor’s wife, Rachael Umahi in her campaign against the spread of COVID-19 in the state. Earlier in a remark, Dr. Ngozi Obichukwu who is a leader of the group applauded the efforts of the college to support the campaign against the spread of COVID-19. According to her: “through the college, some of the hazards of not wearing face masks are over. They have been producing face masks and giving them to our women. This has helped our women, especially in preventing the spread of COVID-19 in the state.