Former Commissioner for Education, Science and Technology in Oyo State, Professor Joseph Adeniyi Olowofela on Saturday accused Governor Seyi Makinde of not being transparent in handling the projects left behind by his predecessor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi. Olowofela who served during the administration of Ajimobi alleged that Makinde is not being open in dealing with the legacy left behind by Ajimobi especially in handling inherited projects. Olowofela while featuring on a news and current affairs programme in Ibadan explained that Makinde administration has not been fulfilling its campaign promises He alleged that the citizens are anxious to see the administration’s achievements in the first nine months. Speaking on the free education programme introduced by Makinde, the former commissioner pointed out that “the situation remained unchanged despite the acclaimed fund used by the present administration to support the educational sector”. He further claimed that residents needed transparent and accountable explanation regarding certain funds in the coffers of the state government. Such funds he said include the Agricultural Fund of Seven Billion Naira, Flood Emergency Fund of Two Hundred Million Dollars and UNESCO Assistance Fund for Education of Five hundred and sixty million dollars. “Before Senator Abiola Ajimobi assumed office in 2011, the Oyo State security situation was terrible but Makinde has not done anything in the area of provision of adequate security like his predecessor “. However, Special Assistant to Governor Makinde on Community Relations, Hon Olufemi Josiah, while reacting berated Ajimobi for embarking on some projects which according to him, are fraudulent. Josiah who also took part in the radio programme chided Ajimobi by spending one hundred and eighty-nine billion Naira public funds on invisible projects which he described as fraudulent. Makinde’s aide while speaking said the present administration has prioritized welfare and security of citizens which has been proven in the last nine months. He enjoined Oyo residents to be patient and cooperate with the present administration to fulfil its campaign promises.