The National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., has given President Muhammadu Buhari tips on who to appoint as the replacement for his late Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari. Bamgbose noted that the late Abba Kyari was not just Chief of Staff to the President, but an invaluable confidant and dependant, adding that it won’t be an easy task to get his replacement. In a statement he signed and made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, the senior lawyer noted that a total stranger will be unacceptable in that position but one who is good in counseling. “It’s evidently and expressly clear that President Buhari has lost a very valuable and inestimable person in his kitchen cabinet, in the person of Abba Kyari. It’s no doubt an irreparable loss,” he said. “Late Abba Kyari was not just Chief of Staff to the President, but an invaluable confidant and dependant. It won’t be an easy task to get his replacement. “Abba Kyari was like a twin brother to Buhari, he was a trusted Aide. President Buhari should be given the exclusive right and privilege to appoint the next Chief of Staff. “One will not expect the power brokers to take a decision for him, on this crucial and highly sensitive appointment. “Appointment of Chief of Staff is also like the President choosing a wife. As per the report making the rounds about nine personalities that are in frame to replace the late Abba Kyari. “This is really interesting. The President must go for someone that has been tested and trusted. “A man of pedigree. His antecedents should be taken into consideration. He must be someone that has been relating with the President for not less than 20-25 years. “He has to be relatively old and experienced. Someone whose first responsibility will be to console and comfort the President and give him the assurance that he will not allow him to feel the absence of the late Chief of Staff. “A total stranger will be unacceptable. He has to be one who is good in counseling. Our President is in great grief, he will need someone to really comfort him. “The truth is that President Buhari’s health may worsen if the wrong person is chosen. He needs a confidant, a comforter and a courteous person to take over. “Out of the nine persons touted to take over, two of them are not eligible. Mallam El Rufai and Babagana Kingibe do not fit into who the President should consider. “El Rufai is still serving as Governor and should be allowed to finish his second term. Kingibe can’t be trusted. He does not have a good track record as a politician. “He should be out of it. I urge Nigerians to fervently pray for the President to make the right choice. The choice will certainly affect the output of the Presidency. It is a critical appointment.”