Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The remains of Abba Kyari, former Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, were on Saturday laid to rest at the Gudu Cemetery, Abuja. Kyari died at 67 after battling coronavirus for three weeks. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday penned a personal tribute to Abba Kyari, his Chief of Staff. Buhari in the emotion-laden tribute, described his late Chief of Staff as his loyal friend of 42 years. 3. Forty-nine cases of coronavirus (COVID-19) have been recorded in Nigeria, bringing total of confirmed cases in the country to 542. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, on Saturday said 23 were reported in Lagos, 12 in FCT, 10 in Kano. 2 in Ogun1 in Oyo 1 in Ekiti States. 4. Governor Umar Ganduje has sacked the State Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure, Muazu Magaji, for rejoicing over the death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Abba Kyari. Mr. Magaji had while reacting to Kyari’s death in a Facebook post, said Nigeria was now free. 5. The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) on Saturday confirmed twelve new cases of COVID-19. The FCTA in a post shared on its Twitter handle confirmed that the total number of active cases remains at 56. 6. A medical doctor, whose identity has not been revealed at the University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, has tested positive for Coronavirus. The state Governor, Seyi Makinde announced this in a series of tweets on his verified Twitter account on Saturday. 7. Former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, on Saturday, urged the Federal Government to increase the number of beneficiaries in its palliatives measures amidst the Coronavirus lockdown. This was contained in his message during the distribution of food items to his constituents. 8. Forty-four Boko Haram terrorists arrested by Chadian troops have been found dead in their prison cell. Youssouf Tom, Chad Chief Prosecutor said they were among insurgents arrested during a recent operation against the sect. 9. Reports from Kano State say the Nigeria Weightlifting Federation has lost its President, Yahaya Mohammed to the cold hands of death. Mohammed was said to have died after a brief illness at the Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital in Kano. 10. The Presidency has opened up on the crowd that attended the burial rites of former Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Mallam Abba Kyari at the Gudu Cemetery, Abuja. Speaking to reporters, Garba Shehu, the President’s aide on Media and Publicity, said there was nothing they could do to bar the crowd.