A Social Democratic Party (SDP) governorship aspirant in Ekiti State during the 2018 election, Dr. Gboyega Ayenimo, has said Governor Kayode Fayemi has lost the hope of installing a successor in 2022, with the return of former Governor, Segun Oni to the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). The SDP ex-aspirant, who is now a PDP stalwart said, Oni’s defection from the All Progressives Congress (APC), was long expected, in view of alleged maltreatment meted on him and his supporters in the ruling party. He described Oni as an upright and well-focused personality with irreversible passion for human development, saying the 2018 mistake leading to Fayemi’s re-election will be corrected in 2022. In a statement made available to newsmen in Ado Ekiti, on Sunday, Ayenimo said: “The exit of this visionary leader and eruditely swarming politician from APC has sent a warning signal to the party in Ekiti State that its days and those of its occult and mischievous experiments are numbered in Ekiti State.” Ayenimo further stated that Oni’s achievements during his tenure as Ekiti State governor speak volume about his character, pedigree, transparency and integrity. He added: ” Oni’s unbending principle against illegitimate influence of contracts during his tenure as Deputy National Chairman of APC as alleged by the APC is indicative and corroborative of the circumstantial evidence that Oni is the ‘metaphorical incorruptible politician’ of our time. “During his time, there were tremendous developments across the state due to his penchant for hard work and accountability. Local government allocations were judiciously apportioned without any impediments unlike under this present government. ” As a matter of fact, the local government financial autonomy, which the federal government and the National Assembly are still struggling to establish in 2020, was actually started by Governor Segun Oni in 2008 due to his empathy to grassroot development. “Not only that, he also granted and extended the legislative and judicial financial autonomy to the two other organs of government in Ekiti State. Oni’s track records both in PDP and APC as Governor and Deputy National Chairman respectively, are convincing indications that he is a bastion of hope for Ekiti people at the moment. “All concocted stories published against him and his Director General, Dr Arowosoge by the APC chairman and his cohorts are mere fallacies and mischievous fabricated in an attempt to hoodwink Ekiti people into an upgraded state of penury and hopelessness”. Ayenimo alleged that there has been no visible infrastructural developments since the exit of Fayose’s administration. “The PDP, which has always wanted Oni back, now has its hope of winning the state back greatly rekindled. There are even rumours that some liberal politicians in Fayemi’s cabinet who are getting frustrated daily by Fayemi’s maladministration are gearing up for defection to the PDP at the most appropriate time”. But responding, the APC Publicity Secretary, Hon Ade Ajayi, said Oni and his ilks should forget politicking at this time when COVID-19 was ravaging the state and join hands with Fayemi for the safety of every citizen. “This is not the time for politics and this showed the kind of character in Segun Oni’s camp. They don’t care about the people, they are insensitive. I expected them to contribute by buying palliatives and give to all the citizens rather than engaging in senseless politicking this period. “To Ayenimo, APC remains solid and always with the people, so his boast was a ruse, empty and will never come to pass,” he said.