No fewer than fifteen (15) residents of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital sustained various degrees of injuries when two factions of cult groups engaged in a battle on Saturday. DAILY POST gathered that the fifteen people were injured when pandemonium broke out at Born Photo and Idi Arere areas in Ibadan. Residents said that security operatives were mobilized to the areas immediately after the clash. It was gathered that fight broke out when the two groups were lurked in supremacy battle against each other. It was gathered that the two groups engaged themselves when they both claimed the responsibility to collect money from a man who was roofing his house. A resident told DAILY POST that shop owners and residents of the area were scampering for safety during the clash that lasted for about one hour. The source noted that the injured persons have been rushed to nearby hospitals. Public Relations Officer of the State Police Command, Olugbenga Fadeyi, confirmed the incident to DAILY POST. Fadeyi in a statement made available to DAILY POST Saturday night, however, said that two people have been arrested in connection with the clash. He said that men of the command had been deployed to the scene to avert total breakdown of law and order. “Disturbance of public peace/suspected murder. Today, Saturday 11/4/2020 at about 1600HRS, a report was received by the DPO Sanyo that one Mosudi Ekugbemi of Olunde area was allegedly fatally injured with machete cuts by a group of area boys/social miscreants led by one Ebila Biola during an open fight while Biola Ebila group were purportedly trying to collect land royalty, “Owo Omonile” from one Babatunde who was roofing his building under construction. “But some social miscreants at Mapo Born Photo and Agbadagudu in Bere area attempted to take advantage of the circulation of the alleged death of Mosudi Ekugbemi. The police with support from other agencies quickly deployed security operatives in these areas in order to douse the tension while Babatunde Oladapo and Ibrahim Abisoye were arrested and are assisting the police in their investigations. “The CP wishes to reassure the people of Oyo State that we are on top of the situation and normalcy have since been restored. The DC CID, Oyo State has been directed to take over the case while security of the areas has been reinforced”.