Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Sunday, came to the rescue of some students of Gateway ICT Polytechnic, Saapade, who got stranded following the shutdown of schools to curtail the spread of Coronavirus. DAILY POST learnt that the affected students, numbering 50, are indigent students, whose parents are said to be poor and vulnerable. Our correspondent reports that the students, who have been engaging in menial jobs to sponsor their education, said they had no reason to return home to add more to the financial problems of their parents. One of the students, Abayomi Sodiya, told DAILY POST that “we are our own sponsors . In fact, some of us equally stand as the hope of our parents. “Many of us engage in daily jobs like Okada riding, running of business centres within and outside the campus, petty trading and so on, to survive.” Sodiya said they became financially handicapped immediately the Coronavirus lockdown started; adding that, “we couldn’t go home because there is no reason for that. Our parents don’t have, and going home to feed from them is like adding salt to an injury.” But, Gov Abiodun, through his Special Assistant on Student Matters, Comrade Azeez Adeyemi, said his administration will always listen to the pleas of Nigerian students and show them love at such a critical period. To cushion the effects of the stay-at-home order on the affected students, Abiodun donated relief materials to them. DAILY POST reports that the beneficiaries were given the relief materials at their various houses in Remo North Local Government Area of the State, where the institution is located. Governor Abiodun implored the students and all residents of the state to join hands with his administration in the fight to curtail the spread of COVID-19. “The State government will continue to do all realistically possible within our strength to cater for Nigerian students in Ogun State,” he said. He explained that no nation could survive without having the supports of the youths, majorly Nigerian students, whom the country’s statistics revealed were over 70 per cent of the country’s population. The Governor noted that the distribution of relief materials meant for the vulnerable citizens was still ongoing and would continue. He urged the people of the state to continue to obey government directives, saying that it is important to follow instructions in order to avoid the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic.