The Government of Benue State has slammed an online medium for attempting to make a mockery of the Governor, Samuel Ortom’s efforts to restore peace in the state through prayers. Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Terver Akase, in a statement to DAILY POST on Saturday, wondered why the medium should engage itself in such an unnecessary attack on the Governor. Akase counselled writers of the said editorial to repent and accept Jesus Christ as the true Lord and Saviour of mankind and turn away from blasphemous statements. The online medium in an article it entitled ‘Governor Ortom, fasting & prayer is no substitute for good governance’ attempted to make a mockery of the prayer life of the Benue State Governor. Akase said Benue government, “find the editorial not only ill-motivated but also misleading and pernicious. “The editorial team of Ynaija should know that prayer is a key component of good governance for Governor Samuel Ortom and his entire administration. “It was prayer and unflinching faith and trust in God that brought Governor Ortom to the leadership of Benue State in 2015 and it was prayer that saw him through the first tenure. It was also prayer that retuned the Governor in 2019 for a second term, and prayer is the source of the Governor’s success and sustenance thus far. “Governor Ortom dedicated Benue State to God in 2016 and no amount of blackmail by persons who hate the name of God hiding under the cloak of journalism can dissuade the Governor from his trust in God. “Those who don’t believe in the power of prayer such as the editorial team of Ynaija.com can only wish that Governor Ortom abandons prayer and his faith in God but their wishes will remain empty wishes. “The Governor’s belief in the power of prayer remains unwavering! Contrary to Ynaija.com, the Governor does not only pray away problems, but also follows prayers with concerted efforts at solving the problems and God has been answering his prayers. He believes what the Bible says in James 2:26 that ‘faith without works is dead.’ “It is pertinent to counsel writers of the said editorial to repent and accept Jesus Christ as the true Lord and Saviour of mankind and turn away from blasphemous statements. “The editorial also attempted to twist the issue of herdsmen attacks on Benue State when it claimed that Governor Ortom has failed a find a lasting solution to the challenge. “Only allies of armed herdsmen such as those who penned the Ynaija.com editorial allude, albeit unsuccessfully that no solution has been found to the attacks. “Benue found a solution to the herdsmen attacks in 2017 when Governor Ortom accented to the Open Grazing Prohibition and Ranches Establishment Law. “Enforcement of the law which began of November 1 of the same year has seen a number of offenders arrested, prosecuted and many already sent to prison. “There is no open grazing of animals in Benue State. Anyone who violates the legislation is apprehended and sanctioned according to provisions of the law. “We advise the Ynaija.com team to always investigate reports before going public. Journalism thrives on truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.”