In order to enforce full compliance with the total lockdown directive of the Federal and Ogun State governments, authorities in the state have announced the restriction of vehicular movement on 12 major roads across the state. The 12 routes along the Ogun traffic corridor for closure are: Lagos-Ibadan Expressway; Abeokuta-Ifo-Sango/Ota Expressway; Interchange-Sagamu-Ijebu/Ode-Benin/Ore Expressway; Abeokuta-Odeda-Ibadan Highway; Sango/Ota-Atan-Owode-Idiroko Highway and Atan-Lusada-Agbara-Badagary Highway. Other are: Papalanto-Ilaro-Owode-Idiroko Highway; Ijebu/Ode-Itoikin-Agbowa-Ikorodu Highway; Sagamu-Ogijo-Ikorodu Highway; Abeokuta-Kobape-Siun-Interchange Expressway; Ijebu/Ife-Ilese-Ijebu/Ode-Oru-Ibadan Highway and Rounder/Abeokuta-Olorunda-Ayetoro-Imeko-Ilara Border. DAILY POST reports that the Ogun State Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corps, (TRACE), the Vehicle Inspection Service, (VIS) and Ogun State Command and So-Safe Corps had collaborated in a strategic enforcement plan, through joint patrol operations at all borderlines with neighbouring states and Republic of Benin. This, it was learnt, “is to ensure that the directives of government on measures to combat the COVID-19 Pandemic, especially as it relates to human and vehicular movement is enforced.” In a release on Friday, by Michael Ajayi, TRACE Corps Director, Traffic Planning Research and Statistics, the Corps Commander/CE, ‘Seni Ogunyemi; the Chief Vehicle Inspection Service Officer, Ogun State, Cdr. Adegboyega Ademehin and Cdr. Soji Ganzalo of the So-Safe Corps, at a meeting held in Abeokuta, agreed on the need for the three services to co-operate and work together to guarantee that instructions regulating the stay-at-home order is strictly adhered to. Ajayi said all Divisional Commander’s of TRACE Corps, VIS and So-Safe Corps should begin full scale enforcement of the strategic plan on the 12 major routes, as well as other borderlines from 11pm today. “In addition, TRACE Corps, VIS and So-Safe Corps would relate with other Security Services for synergy in this regard,” the statement reads.