The abductors of the wife and the daughter of Oba Olusanjo Ojo, the Baba-Aso of Igboole in Igboora area of Oyo State have contacted the family. DAILY POST reports that some unknown gunmen, suspected to be kidnappers, on Monday abducted Olori Funbi Ojo, wife of Oba Olusanjo Ojo, the Baba-Aso of Igboole in Igboora area of Oyo State and her daughter. Mrs. Ojo, our correspondent gathered is the current Matron of Oyo State College of Agriculture and Technology (OYSCATECH) Igboora health centre. Ojo and her daughter, who is a trained nurse and a serving National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) member, were kidnapped around 8.15pm while returning from the college where she worked. But her son who drove the bullet-ridden vehicle was lucky as he escaped being captured by the suspected kidnappers. Our correspondent, however, gathered that the abductors contacted the family but did not demand any ransom for the release of the kidnapped victims. It was gathered that the abductors contacted the family yesterday and assured them that the victims were safe. They were said to have allowed the kidnapped victims to speak to the family. Public Relations Officer of OYSCATECH where Ojo works as Matron, Opeyemi Olawore confirmed to DAILY POST that the abductors had contacted the family but did not demand any ransom. Olawore said, “As of yesterday, the family members have been contacted. They have contacted the family but did not demand any ransom. They called the family to tell them that they are safe. That is the information I have now”. Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the State, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, when contacted, noted that concerted efforts were being put in place to ensure the release of the kidnapped victims. Fadeyi, who said that no one had been arrested in connection with the incident, added that “all Police tactical teams like AKS, SARS, STS, SRS, FSARS etc and other stakeholders, community leaders, vigilantes are combing the nearby bush for their release. No suspect arrested yet”.