Nigerians have expressed concerns over the suspicious deaths of renowned persons and other 600 people in Kano State. Reports on Saturday had it that several prominent residents dropped dead in the state within the last 24 hours. DAILY POST reported that while some had Coronavirus symptoms, what killed others is still unknown. There are speculations of meningitis but residents and government are yet to explain the real cause. Recall that the National Coordinator, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Dr. Sani Aliyu had in one of the PTF’s daily press briefings said that the Federal Government presently does not know the true number of deaths from Kano. Prominent persons that have died within 24 hours include editors, bankers, businessmen, professors, government officials, among others. They include Aliyu Umar Dikko; Regional Manager of First Bank, Abdullahi Lawal; ex-MD of Continental Merchant Bank, Ibrahim Ayagi; Musa Ahmad Tijjani, Editor of Triumph newspapers; Adamu Dal, ex-Chairman State Civil Service Commission. Others are Nasiru Maikano Bichi; Musa Umar Gwarzo; Ustaz Dahiru Rabiu, ex-Grand Khadi; Salisu Lado; Nene Umma; Garba Sarki Fagge; Salisu Lado; Shamsiyya Mustapha; Nene Umma; Garba Sarki Fagge; Nasiru Maikano Bichi; Rabiu Dambatta; Kabiru Ibrahim Bayero and mother of businessman, Ado Gwanja. Reacting, Nigerians on their Twitter called on Governor of Kano State, Umar Ganduje and the federal government to act swiftly and conduct autopsies on the bodies to determine the cause of the mysterious deaths. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Dekhunle “Over 600 mysterious deaths reported in Kano over the last 7 days. COVID-19 death figure is less than 50 nationwide and because their tradition/religion says they must be buried within 24 hours after death, the deceaseds families are refusing autopsy. Nigeria which way? @Chuxugo “This isn’t a matter of tradition/religion, hence the law of the land should supersede any other beliefs/social norms. If I was the FG, I would immediately order the NCDC to exhume all the bodies and carry out COVID-19 tests immediately. We need to know the root cause of these deaths in Kano.” @Mitch_ihejinka “I don’t think it’s COVID-19 that’s killing them, the virus hasn’t gotten to its peak in Nigeria. It’s too early for COVID-19 to account for over 600 deaths. It could be another health related issue, it may be meningitis.” @Adadioranma “Not sure if autopsies are prohibited in Islam but common sense dictates that they’re necessary when there’s an incidence of mass casualties from an unverified illness like we’re seeing in Kano, especially during this pandemic. Any argument against it solely on religious grounds is null.” @Jeaneluc “If it is to sack people for celebrating Abba Kyari’s death on Facebook, Ganduje will speed like lightning, but when it’s to get information on what has killed over 600 in a week in Kano, he will be forming Northen Wizkid; set awon, I don’t talk too much on social media.” @Omojuwa “I hope there is already a lockdown in Kano. Except there is a new virus that originated from Kano – unlikely, this looks like the Coronavirus wreaking havoc without hindrance – extremely likely.” @Aashfin “Kwankwaso and Sunusi lamido Sunusi wouldn’t have kept mute to the situation in Kano state right now, I’m sure the people of Kano state are missing them.” @Hislawdshio “My heartfelt condolences to the bereaved people of Kano. Some of us know that you all didn’t vote for Buhari and Ganduje. They imposed themselves on you all and abandoned you in this trying times. I pray that help comes soon.” @herculean_me “For those claiming NCDC failed Kano, your Ganduje failed catastrophically in handling #COVID19 outbreaks in his state. Entitled northern politicians want everything done for them by the FG. Northern friends, see your mate partnering organizations to do the right thing.” @Toluteezy “About 600 people died in Kano in the last one week, It’s beginning to happen maybe Kano might be the epicenter of this virus in Nigeria, the government needs to act fast.”