The All Progressives Congress(APC) in Abia State has rejected the nomination of Mr. Henry Ogbulogo to represent Abia in the Board of Federal Character Commission(FCC) by President Muhammadu Buhari. President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday appointed 38 persons to the board of the Federal Character Commission (FCC). The appointment was contained in a letter seeking the Senate’s approval. The letter was read by Senate President Ahmad Lawan, on the floor of the upper legislative chamber on Tuesday. Recall that the Senate had on February 25 urged President Buhari to reconstitute boards of the Federal Character Commission (FCC) with immediate effect. But, according to Abia APC, in a release signed by its State Publicity Secretary, Comrade Benedict Godson, and issued to newsmen in Umuahia, on Thursday, the appointment of Ogbulogo amounted to a loss of opportunity and a massive disservice to committed, qualify and loyal members of APC. “When an appointment meant for them are given to strangers who they never saw in the battlefield of campaigns and elections, it typifies a total disservice and blatant neglect of true and loyal APC members in Abia State.” APC is centered on strong leadership and ever dedicated and committed members who give their all for the betterment of the party, our state and the country at large”. APC noted that “As a party still growing and developing in Abia, our achievements so far can only be sustained by the meritorious reward of the hard-working, eminently and academically qualified members of the party in every available appointment. “Our President is a good man who appreciates hardworking people, but the reality is that some people must have done a recommendation with no sense of justice and merit, because the said person may have been an APC member-only in his dreams”. The Abia APC leadership reminded the National leadership of the party and the presidency that appointments like these (Ogbulogo) are a massive political loophole.” It asserted that the appointment was tantamount to the indigenous English Parlance of “Monkey dey work, Baboon dey chop.” “A party that won a Senatorial seat, two House of Representatives seats and two State Assembly seats ought not to have an appointee whose name sounds very strange among members in the state. “It’s an unceremonious burial for hard-work and party loyalty and it’s capable of weakening a higher percentage of our members and reducing their morale and commitments towards party affairs. Should appointments like this stand, what will be the fate of our dear party come 2023? What level of motivation are we expected to give to all the strong, dedicated, educated, vastly experienced, and loyal party men and women of Abia origin who believed and worked for APC in 2015 and 2019? The APC, however, asked the National Working Committee(NWC) and the Presidency to kindly reconsider Ogbulogo’s appointment as one tantamount to shooting oneself on the leg. “As our neighboring Imo is currently building a strong APC centered on dedicated members, we have to key in and join forces with them to take over Abia. “The reality is that if we really want a better and stronger party, we must not allow strangers who shy away from work to get appointed into positions meant for party men. If this stands, hard-work, dedication, and party loyalty will go into oblivion”. Continuing, “We are very sure that our party’s National leadership knows the value of loyalty and very well appreciates the cost of betrayal. The feeling of our members in Abia is that this appointment is a total betrayal. “The appointee never worked with us, never fought with us, and is not known by us. How come he is appointed in a position meant for a member of Abia APC? Our message is very simple. The only way to save and keep APC strong is to appoint loyal, qualified, and dedicated party men who love Abia and Nigeria. Anything contrary, we shall be playing into the hands of the opposition come 2023,” the party opined.