Indigenes of Ogun State are calling for the removal of Governor Dapo Abiodun, following series of armed robbery attacks ravaging Ifo, Agbado, Ijoko, Sango-Ota, Iju and adjoining communities. In a video made available to DAILY POST, the people of the areas covering Ifo and Ado-Odo/Ota Local Governments, want President Muhammadu Buhari to declare a state of emergency in Ogun. DAILY POST reported yesterday that 19 suspected cultists, who have reportedly resorted to armed robbery since the beginning of COVID-19 lockdown, were arrested by the police. But, instead of normalcy returning to the areas, the people said they could not sleep overnight as houses were invaded by the robbers. They said the armed robbers do invade in groups to attack the people, alleging that the police have not done enough to nip the crisis in the bud. Meanwhile, Gov Abiodun said he is on top of the situation. In a statement made available to DAILY POST by the Senior Special Assistant to Abiodun on New Media, Emmanuel Ojo, the Governor said: “The attention of the Ogun State Government has been drawn to incidences of violence, alleged robberies and related crimes resurfacing in the State, especially in the Sango-Ifo axis. “The Government has not only moved swiftly into action, the affected towns including but not limited to Sango, Ijoko, Ifo, among others are currently under substantial security surveillance. “The State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun stated this, as he disclosed that he had communicated with all relevant agencies and mandated them, especially the State Command of the Nigeria Police to ensure law and order in all the affected areas, as well as the entire state “The Government had earlier seen to the arrest of some suspects, as carried out by the Police, is in connection with the chain of unrest in the affected localities. “Initial arrests notwithstanding, the State Police Command yesterday is not leaving any stone unturned as the command has arrested more suspects, and investigation is currently ongoing. Suspects in custody continue to provide helpful information. “The State Government wishes to reiterate its commitment to the security of lives and property. “We wish to assure the entire citizenry of adequate security and our dedication to the safety of the people, and we urge everyone not to panic, as the situation is under control.” Watch the video below: