One Nene Steve, has been arrested by the Lagos State Police Command’s Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department (CID) for allegedly killing her maid, Joy Aboel. She allegedly beat Joy to death and then hung her to the ceiling to make it look like suicide. Commenting on the incident that occurred at 18, Ogundola Street in Bariga, Joy’s brother, Philips Ejeh, told newsmen that’ “The deceased was an indigene of Benue State brought to Lagos through an agent. “She started working with her (Nene) as a maid in January 2020. She reported that her boss refused to pay her and anytime she asked for her salary, she would start beating her. “She was making an attempt to leave, but due to the lockdown, she remained there until Sunday when her boss claimed she stole Indomie noodles. This led to serous beating and her master hung her to death. “The madam said Joy hung herself. How can someone hang herself and her legs will be on the ground? My sister engaged herself for the job to be able to further her education. “The case was reported to the State CID. The police have deposited her body for autopsy. She (Nene) killed Joy because she didn’t want to pay her salary. The good people of Nigeria should come to our help.” Police Public Relations Officer in Lagos, DSP Bala Elkana, said Nene and her husband were at Bariga Police Station to report that their maid committed suicide. Elkana recalled that when detectives visited the scene and saw the position of the rope with which Joy allegedly hung herself, they suspected a foul play. “Police moved on with their investigation and found a lot of signs of violence on her body, showing that she was tortured before she put the rope on her neck. “If it were to be ordinary suicide, how come wound and signs of beating are all over her body?,” he wondered. Elkana confirmed that the corpse had been deposited in the morgue for autopsy, while the matter is currently being handled by the State CID operatives in Panti, Yaba. The couple have been arrested and will be charged to court after investigation is completed, the Police spokesman added.