Taraba State government has again directed that all mosques and churches in the state be shut down. The government also directed that all commercial activities in the state should remain shut in order to prevent its citizens from contracting the deadly Coronavirus. In a state broadcast by the state Deputy Governor, Haruna, on Tuesday night, the government said the directives became necessary following the emergence of cases in neighboring states. He said the decision to once again lock down the state was to further safeguard the people against the pandemic. He further stated that the lockdown will take effect from Wednesday, the 22nd of April. “It is necessary for me to address you today on matters relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and the decisions taken by the state government to further safeguard our people from the affliction.” “This has become necessary given the increasing number of confirmed cases in our neighboring states. Even though we have not recorded any confirmed case in Taraba so far, we must not be complacent. We have, therefore, resolved to take the following decisive steps. “There will be a total lockdown throughout the state, beginning from tomorrow, Wednesday, April 22, at 11:00 pm. “All violators of this directive will be arrested and prosecuted. Vehicles found on the road during the period of the lockdown will be impounded. A mobile court will be established to promptly try offenders at the various points of entry into the state. “Regulated movement of the public is only allowed between 10 am and 2 pm on Wednesday and Saturday to allow citizens to purchase household essentials. “The only exceptions are workers on essential duties such as health workers, pharmaceutical shops, fuel stations, media houses, etc. “Security operatives are to henceforth check private and commercial vehicles violating the principles of social distancing by overloading their vehicles with passengers. “That security operatives should check the influx of commercial tricycles popularly called Keke NAPEP, from unknown destinations into Jalingo metropolis and other towns in the state.” “That the security operatives should arrest any unauthorized motorcycle movement within Jalingo metropolis, since the ban on the use of motorcycles for commercial purposes is still in force. ”Worship centres, such as mosques and churches are hereby closed until further notice. “All wedding ceremonies, naming ceremonies and other parties remain suspended until further notice. “Security operatives have been ordered to mount surveillance checkpoints in Ibi, Wukari, Mayo-Lope, Zing, and Takum-Katsina/Ala entry points. “That the security operatives should work with Local Government Chairmen of Takum, Ussa, Kurmi, and Sardauna Local Government Councils to seal off entry points along the Cameroon border. “I thank you all for your cooperation so far on the COVID-19 preventive measures introduced by the state government and I urge all to be more patient and vigilant, so we can jointly keep the pandemic from our dear state.” “Let me also remind you of the importance of regular washing of hands, use of sanitizers, social distancing, and the need for us to stay at home. These have proved globally to be very effective weapons against the spread of Coronavirus.”