The Senator representing Niger East Senatorial District in Niger State, Mohammed Sani Musa has flagged off the distribution of palliatives to 9, 990 households of his constituency. The items include Rice, Maize and Noodles among others to be distributed in the 99 wards of the nine local governments in his senatorial zone. Senator Musa, who was represented at the presentation of the palliatives in Minna by his Assistant, Sagir Taffida noted that the palliatives were part of his efforts at cushioning the hardship caused by the novel Coronavirus pandemic among his people. “People are suffering because of the lockdown declared by the government to contain the pandemic. Many people have lost their means of livelihood, jobs and businesses have been affected. People are complaining of hunger. You cannot keep people at home and not cater for them. So, I felt I should reach out to my people and help them. I am touched seeing them suffer.” Giving the breakdown of items to be distributed, the Personal Assistant stated, “We are giving our people 25kg bags of maize and rice. In each of the packs, we also included oil, salt, seasoning, and noodles for women and children. Each household will have one pack. We have a total of 99 wards in each of the nine local government areas. In every ward, there are more than 100 households, which means we are reaching out to a total of 9,990 households in Niger East.” It would be recalled that Senator Musa had in March donated nine hundred bags of rice, over thirty 100kg bags of Maize, hand wash detergents among other items to the people. Taffida also explained that measures were put in place to ensure that the palliatives get to the targeted beneficiaries. ” We are taking nine days to do the distribution. Each day, we would focus on a particular local government area and make sure everyone is covered before we move to another local government the next day. So, there would be no room for anyone to divert the items.” The representatives of the nine local government areas, who spoke commended the efforts of Senator Musa, called on other politicians and appointees in the Senatorial District to come to the aid of the people. They said, “Truly, we are suffering. We are locked down in our houses without food and money. It has not been easy because of the Coronavirus challenge. But, we feel a bit relieved with the palliatives from our senator.” One of the representatives from Suleja, Aminu Mohammed expressed joy at the gesture, saying that the outbreak of the pandemic has brought untold hardship on the people. Yakubu Garba from Bosso local government, while Thanking the Senator, called on other politicians from the zone to assist the people given the challenges confronting them caused by the pandemic. Habiba Mohammed, Tafa local government, ” this palliative will go a long way ameliorating our sufferings, we are grateful to him.” he said.