A Chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, in Kaduna state, Dr John Danfulani, has condemned in strong terms the decision of the party to convert existing party officials in the state to caretaker committees of the party. In a letter he addressed titled, “Re-converting existing party Excos in Kaduna state to caretaker committees”, and made available to DAILY POST, Dr Danfulani noted, “Before the truncation of earlier scheduled congresses, almost all the local government areas and state executives had their hats in the rings. “The party constitution, congress guidelines and 1999 constitution(as amended) permitted that. Now that their status has changed (from elected officials to appointees); they lack the legal cover to be members of the caretaker(s) and contestants, contemporaneously. “One must not be a serious student of Professor Laurence T.Tribes of Harvard Law School or admirer of Justice Chukwudifu Oputa to know that; it’s outrightly illegal and morally bankrupt to be a member of a caretaker committee and be a contestant simultaneously. This will not stand the rigour of legal challenges in the hallowed chambers. It can’t, trust me, it can’t.” Dr Danfulani explained that there was a High Court injunction that halted results of ward congresses before the lockdown, The order was interim and had a time-limit. But the lockdown caught-up with days given for the litigants to appear before it. ”Has the lockdown rendered the order a nullity? I think all parties must wait for the resumption of work, pick a new date, and get another pronouncement before proceeding. “Wadata’s dated 24th April 2020 gave the go order to swear-in ward executive on Thursday 30th April 2020–what will happen to NCDC guidelines of social distancing and Kaduna state government Quarantine Act illegalising large gatherings? Must we project our inherent in-house lawlessness and corrosive impunity to the wider society? If KDSG laws close-on, hope we will not cry of blue murder, oppression, and suppression of opposition.” The party chieftain noted that “Those that incubated and hatched this coup de grace allowed their hyperactive and inordinate ambition to override constitutional provisos and moral high-grounds. ”These decisions, like their pre-congress conscious missteps, will be greeted with; sudden, massive, and decisive legal fireworks from some of us. PDP, our party, must conduct itself within the parameters of its own laws and our 1999 constitution(as amended) else– we will continue to test its decisions in the courts.” He said. He said the Kaduna State Public Relations Officer of the PDP conveyed the decision of Wadata Plaza of converting existing executives from ward to state to caretaker committee, at 9:52am of 28th April 2020, adding that the decision was transmitted via a letter dated 24th April 2020. He added that the state Public Relations Officer of the party said the National Working Committee, NWC, of the party by its letter of 24th April, 2020 addressed to the state party, arguing that only new members of the party do not know that Abuja–headquarters of the party was on a 24/7 lockdown on 24th April 2020. He further stated that checks show that the party has a tradition of notifying the public of all its exco meetings and resolutions, adding that the meeting and resolutions in focus were surprising exceptions. “More to it, only certified scallywags do not know that political activities aren’t essential services that are permissible by Nigerian Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, guidelines and Quarantine Act,” he explained.