President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday received messages of condolences from foreign and national leaders over the death of Abba Kyari, his late Chief of Staff. Statement by his spokespersons, Garba Shehu and Femi Adesina, said Buhari received telephone calls from President Nana Akuffo-Ado of Ghana and President Muhammadou Youssoufou of Niger Republic. He received calls and messages of condolences from ex-President Yayi Boni of Benin Republic and former Nigerian Heads of State, Yakubu Gowon, Abdulsalami Abubakar; ex-Presidents Olusegun Obasanjo and Goodluck Jonathan. Messages also came in from the embassies of friendly countries including Egypt, Chad, and Liberia. Others were from Governors Nasir El-Rufa’i of Kaduna State, Yahaya Bello of Kogi State, Professor Babagana Zulum of Borno State, Abubakar Bagudu, Kebbi, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State. Former Governors of Katsina, Sa’idu Barda, Zamfara Abdulaziz Yari and Abdulfatah Ahmed of Kwara as well as the former Senate President, Ken Nnamani, the Sultan of Sokoto Dr. Sa’ad Abubakar 111 and the President of the Christian Association of Nigeria, Rev. Samson Ayokunle. Buhari also received condolence messages from Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State on behalf of the Progressive Governors Forum,Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State on behalf of the Northern Governors Forum and Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State on behalf of the Nigeria Governors Forum as well as Governor Abdulrazaq Abdulrahman of Kawra State and Senator Umar Ibrahim Kurfi. The Emirs of Kazaure, Najib Hussaini Adamu, Kebbi, General Muhammadu Ilyasu Bashar (rtd), and that of Machina, Alhaji Bashir Al-Bashir Bukar; APC National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the Chairman of Zenith Bank, Jim Ovia, President, Dangote Group, Aliko Dangote and the Executive Secretary of the Lake Chad Basin Commission, Ambassador Mamman Nuhu were among the early callers. Calls to the President were also received from Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi, former Ministers, Senator Udoma Udo Udoma and Gen. Ike Umaru Sanda Nwachukwu; Senators Monsurat Sunmonu and Kabiru Marafa as well as Pastor Tunde Bakare. Former Commonwealth Secretary-General, Emeka Anyaoku, said “Abba Kyari was a true and immeasurably committed patriot who gave all he had in the service of our country, Nigeria.” The President of the African Development Bank, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, said: “For you personally, Mr. President, this is a deeply personal loss of your close confidant, associate, and friend.” He said, “As the Coronavirus pandemic ravages the world and Africa, God grant you greater strength and wisdom in our collective battle against this virus.” Former Senate President and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Anyim Pius Anyim, described Kyari as “a hardworking, loyal and dependable Chief of Staff who discharged his duties with uncommon commitment and diligence.” From Labour Unions, the former General Secretary of Textile Union and Vice-President, Industrial Global Union, Comrade Issa Aremu, noted “the remarkable statesmanship” of Kyari in promoting diversification and industrialization in the country, stressing that he was also a key player in the oil and gas industry. Writing on behalf of the Governing Council and the entire membership of the National Institute of Marketing of Nigeria (NIMN), the President and Chairman of Council, Tony Agenmonmen, said that Kyari, “served Nigeria with passion, diligence, and dedication.”