As Nigeria and the rest of the world struggle to find a lasting solution to the scourge of coronavirus, otherwise known as COVI-19, Bishop Sam Zuga of House of Joy Ministry, has written an open letter to President Muhammad Buhari and Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State. He sought permission to use his “spiritual formula” to end the global pandemic. Recall that the cleric had on April 1 unveiled what he described as “H2O+NaCl+C12H22O11+ 33°C = 37²7/322 formula”, which he claimed cures the deadly. DAILY POST also recalls that Bishop Zuga had during a crusade to sensitize people on Coronavirus in Yola, Adamawa State, said “anyone with coronavirus should be referred to me for treatment.” However, the cleric in a letter addressed to President Buhari and Governor Fintiri, which was obtained by our reporter on Sunday, insisted that the formula remained the panacea to the virus, which has claimed four lives in Nigeria and infected 214 persons. His letter reads: “Your Excellencies, President Muhammad Buhari through Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State, I wish to turn Adamawa State to become a medical destinations like India and Germany. “I want to share with you the formula that would make Coronavirus bow; H2O+NaCl+C12H22O11+ 33°C = 37²7/322. It is a combination of water, salt and sugar boiled to a certain temperature. 3 teaspoons of salt, 7 cups of water fetched with a plastic cup. It must be a plastic cup. “The 3 spoons of salt should be added inside the water, then 7 cubes of sugar. Place it on the fire, boil it for 7 minutes. The boiling temperature should be 33°C . “When they all come together, it would become a Solution. This formula shall be served by drinking a cover of any bottle water, 3 times in the morning, 2 times in the afternoon and 2 times at night 7 days. Those that don’t have a cover of bottle water, can use table spoons. “7 covers of any bottle water from the solution can also be added inside the bathing water of the patient. The formula is not just for COVID -19, but any other chronic disease. “Once any patient starts taking it, they should expect a reaction from the third day, regardless of how chronic or deadly the ailment is. On the 7th day they shall receive a total healing and can go for a test/checkup in the hospital on the 8th and receive your good news. “Your Excellencies, I seek your permission to use the above mentioned Formula to heal the people of Nigeria, through a healing festival slated to commence from 14th of April, “if permission to go ahead is granted” and also to be permitted to organise same healing festival in the Six (6) Geopolitical zones within the month of April. “Although, Adamawa State has not recorded any case of coronavirus, they can bring other medical cases with reports and watch them and to also conduct tests on them after 7 days of my treatment with this formula, they would be retested for a different outcome. “This formula is for all; Christian, Muslims, pagans and all. But you must say these prayers before it would work. “Lord Jesus Christ, I come to you today. I am a sinner, forgive me my sins. From today, I accept you as my Lord and personal saviour. Heal me, Jesus Christ, so that I will serve you all the days of my life. Thank You Father for saving and healing me. In Jesus name. Amen!” “However, this formula can only work between 1st to 30th April 2020, is not a forever formula just as the bronze snake of Moses is not a forever treatment for snake bite. This is just a Divine intervention for these hard times.”