Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu-Olu, on Thursday, announced that eleven coronavirus patients have been discharged at the Infectious Disease Centre, Yaba Mainland Hospital. Sanwo-Olu, who disclosed this in a post on his Twitter page, said the patients, including two females and nine males tested negative. 2. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed ten new cases of coronavirus in the country. Seven of the cases were reported in Lagos while 3 were said to have been reported in the FCT, making it 184 confirmed cases of COVID19 in Nigeria. 3. Aisha, wife to President Muhammadu Buhari has given an update on the health status of her daughter, who recently returned from the UK. Aisha giving an update on Thursday night, expressed delight that her daughter was doing fine and out of isolation. 4. Soldiers on stop-and-search duty on Thursday, allegedly shot one Mr. Joseph Pessu dead by Ada-Val Areyenka Junction in Ugbuwangue community in Warri South Local Government Area of Delta State. Report claimed the deceased was stopped at a checkpoint by a soldier but refused and made an attempt to run away before he was gunned down. 5. Mohammed Abubakar, son to former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar has given an update on his health after testing positive for coronavirus. In a video shared by Atiku on his Twitter page, Mohammed thanked Nigerians and his family for their prayers and support, saying he was responding to treatment and said he had anxiety, trauma and was nervous when he came to the isolation center. 6. The French government on Thursday airlifted over 399 of its nationals from Nigeria. They were airlifted out of the Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA), Lagos, by an Air France aircraft after completing all security and health checks before boarding. 7. Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu and his wife, Joke Samwo-Olu have tested negative for coronavirus Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, while thanking Lagosian for their support disclosed this on his Twitter on Thursday. 8. Akwa Ibom State Governor, Mr. Udom Emmanuel on Thursday evening ordered total cessation of movements and the prohibition of all events for 14 days in the State, following the confirmation of five suspected cases of Coronavirus in the state. The Governor, who announced this in a statewide broadcast, said the directive became important to enable a thorough process of contact tracing to identify those who may have been exposed to the five confirmed victims. 9. The Nigerian Government has explained how the billions being donated by private individuals towards the fight against Coronavirus pandemic is being utilized. At the daily briefing by the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19 in Abuja, the National Coordinator of the taskforce, Dr Sani Aliyu explained that the billions donated is not going to the coffers of the government. 10. The Sokoto State Police Command has confirmed the recovery of 22 bodies of persons allegedly killed by bandits in Sabon-Birni Local Government Area of Sokoto state. The Command’s spokesman, Mr. Muhammad Sadiq, told journalists on Thursday that the deceased villagers were shot when bandits attacked the area.