Following recent reports making the rounds that Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State was in isolation because he sometime last month came in contact with some high profile citizens of the country who had been tested positive for coronavirus, the governor said himself and his entire family members have tested negative after carrying out the test. The governor said his samples and that of his family were taken 2 days ago by health officials and forwarded to the NCDC laboratory in Abuja for examination. Lalong disclosed this through his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Simon Macham in Jos, the State Capital. He said, “The results came back today, 9th April, 2020 and indicated negative for the Governor and members of his family.” Governor Lalong, while reacting to the results said, he and his family decided to take the test in order to help in tackling the rising stigma that is gradually building up on the disease and making people reluctant of coming out even when they notice any symptoms. Lalong said, “Coronavirus is not a death sentence and if we are not careful, people can die out of fear and stigma. “I call on all our citizens particularly those who notice any symptoms of the disease including difficulty in breathing, fever, cough, sore throat, headache and general fatigue, or have had contact with any infected person to report to health officials and submit themselves for examination.” The Governor maintained that the State Government has continued to take proactive measures including a one-week total lockdown with effect from midnight Thursday, April 9 to prevent movements that could expose the state to the disease. Lalong also assured the people of the state that the NCDC had already approved the establishment of a coronavirus testing centre in Plateau State, which will take off very soon and reduce challenges associated with the shuttle to Abuja for testing. He thanked the citizens of the state for their cooperation and compliance to government directives in curbing COVID-19, assuring them that his administration will not subject them to any unnecessary hardship and losses.