The General Overseer of the INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Oke-Afa, Lagos, Primate Elijah Babatunde Ayodele has declared that his free holy water and anointing oil are the solutions to Coronavirus. Ayodele said that he had warned the world of the outbreak since late 2019, but his cryout fell on deaf ears. The seer said that none of his church members can contract the Coronavirus because it has been foretold and they have taken precautions. He also said that anyone with the disease should be brought to him for immediate healing. In an interview on Rave TV on Wednesday, the Spiritual Leader also said that God has not revealed to him when the highly infectious disease will end. He, however, boasted that his special water and anointing oil, which have been made available free of charge for members of the public, according to him, will prevent anyone from contracting the disease. “In a book we released and gave everyone for free in March last year, we warned that there’s going to be a very serious disaster around the world and that there’ll be an outbreak of disease in every region of the world. The killing by the disease will trouble the government of the world like the US, China, the UN, the UK and that they would find it difficult to find solutions. But no one took cognisance of it. “Then in my own church in October last year, God revealed that we should pray against this disease that will come from Asia, he didn’t mention China. I have it on video. If you want I can send it to you. God said that we should pray for seven Sundays and seven Tuesdays which we did. And I can confidently tell you that this thing cannot affect any of my church members because we have been foretold ahead of time. “I’ve made ten thousand anointed water and anointing oil free for instant healing. You don’t need to see me. Just make yourself available at the church premises. I’m calling on the Italian, US, UK, governments and other places the disease is ravaging to make use of the opportunity. “The coronavirus case keeps increasing in Nigeria now, and I foresee it affecting Nigeria’s economy, I foresee it shaking the entire nation. Nigeria is at high risk because there is no government that cares. I see self-medication killing people. “In the next four months, if the government does not act expressly to contain this virus, I foresee chaos in Nigeria. “Whether we use sanitizers or facemasks, we need to apply a measure outside these physical methods; we need spiritual solutions to kill coronavirus,” he declared.