The Commissioner for Information in Abia State, John Okiyi Kalu, has claimed that the state has not received any money from the federal government-sponsored Social Investment Fund aimed at cushioning the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown on the people. Kalu, who made this known in a statement issued to newsmen on Monday, disclosed that the palliative food distribution done in Abia State as well as the construction of new isolation centers were projects of the state government led by Okezie Ikpeazu. The Commissioner insisted that the Ikpeazu-led administration was investing all the resources required in preparing the Abia’s isolation centres, provision of PPEs, ventilators etc. for the safety and protection of the people against coronavirus. According to him, “It is also not true that NCDC is constructing the new isolation centre in Ogbor Hill, Aba. That project is 100 per cent funded by Abia State Government and we hope to hand over the facility to Abia State University Teaching Hospital afterwards. No single living Abian is contributing one kobo to the construction and equipping of the new isolation center. It is the same for the others previously readied by the administration. “No single grain of rice or any other food stuff has been received by the state from the federal government as rumored by the same propagandists. The Abia State Government procured the rice and other foodstuff distributed to the needy through the churches and added the 850 bags of rice donated by Prof Greg Ibe. So far, we have procured more than 8,000 bags of 50kg rice and other items such as beans, yam, face masks, hand sanitizers etc. We have also distributed the 2,000 cartons of Indomie donated by our brother Chrisnak. Kalu informed that, “Distribution of palliatives to our people will continue today and run throughout the lockdown period. Aside from Churches, we are also distributing through the state’s geriatric services agency, traditional rulers and presidents general of communities in our state”. “Please, ignore the sponsored lies and propaganda from those who live by propaganda,” the PDP chieftain added.