Popular Virginia Pastor, Bishop Gerald Glenn has died of Coronavirus. This is coming weeks after the Bishop defied the ban on social gatherings and hosted a packed church service on March 22nd. The Church announced his death during New Deliverance Evangelistic’s Easter celebration livestream. The statement read “It is with an exceedingly sorrowful and heavy heart that we regret to inform you that our father Bishop Gerald Glenn died from Coronavirus on April 11 and transitioned from labour to reward. “Our bishop has been a spiritual Shepherd to so many of us here at New Deliverance, and around the country. He will be missed by us all. “ENDC, as we enter into a period of mourning for the next 30 days, let us continue to pray for Mother Glenn and the first family.” Glenn’s daughter Mar-Gerie Crawley on April 3rd confirmed on Facebook Live that the pastor was in critical condition at the emergency room after he and his wife tested positive to Coronavirus. Glenn made headlines after calling out the government on lockdown order and boasting about flouting the ban on social gatherings. “I got way more than 10 people for service, the government cannot make moral decisions for church members. “I know I’m on some controversial territory. I don’t care about your opinion,” Glenn said in his sermon in reference to the ban issued by Gov. Ralph Northam. Glenn justifying his action said that the church service should be considered “essential”. Some political figures took to their Twitter page mourning the death of Bishop Glen as they expressed their condolences to the family. “My heart sinks as I learn this morning that Bishop Gerald Glenn, pastor of New Deliverance Evangelistic Church, died yesterday from COVID-19. “He was a friend and pillar of Richmond faith community. May all do as much for so many,” Senator Tim Kaine tweeted. Senator Mark Warner said in a statement obtained by NBC 12 said Bishop Glenn was his great friend for more than 20 years. “Glenn was an extraordinary spiritual and community leader, and we will all miss him very much,” he added.