Less than 24 hours after the commencement of a total lockdown in Plateau State, a Mobile Court in Barkin-Ladi Local Government Area of Plateau on Friday, convicted 12 violators of the state’s COVID-19 lockdown order. DAILY POST recalls that Chairman of COVID-19 and Governor of the state, Simon Lalong, had on Monday while briefing journalists, declared a total lockdown from midnight Thursday, April 9 to Wednesday, April 15, 2020. The state government had also established 10 mobile courts meant to ensure enforcement and compliance to the aforementioned directive of the government, which it said was aimed at protecting the citizens from the coronavirus Pandemic and also ensuring that the entire state is fumigated. Magistrate K.K. Wang, convicted and fined four persons, who were in a Mark Truck carrying empty crates of beer from Langtang North Local Government to Kaduna State. The Magistrate convicted them for contravening section 114 of Plateau State Penal Code Law 2017. He also ordered them to pay a fine of N10,000 each for violating the lockdown ordee. The Magistrate also ordered two other defaulters, who were arrested on their way to Bauchi State from Masaka, to pay a fine of N10,000 each in accordance with section 114 of Plateau State penal Code Law 2017. Wang also ordered six other persons to clear drainage systems within Barkin-Ladi town for two days, or pay a fine of N10,000 each. Magistrate Wang admonished the defaulters to always be law-abiding. “Your trial and sentencing today (Friday), will serve as a deterrent to others, who might want to disobey the laws of the land. “I hope you have learnt a lesson from today’s trial and will not repeat this next time,” Wang stated. The lockdown violators were arrested by security operatives. Reacting to the convictions, Chairman of Barkin Ladi LGA, Hon. Ezekiel Mandyau, described the lockdown in the area as “very successful and encouraging”. Mandyau commended residents of the council for complying with the lockdown order. According to him, “I am optimistic that if we continue this way, COVID-19 will be kept at bay from the council and the entire state”.