Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola on Sunday, disclosed that the index case of COVID-19 in the state has turned negative and consequently discharged from isolation centre. He further confirmed that the total cases of coronavirus in the state has risen to 20, adding that the 127 travellers from Ivory Coast, in which 18 of them tested positive to the dreadful disease contributed to the rise of number of cases. The governor, who was giving update on how the novel disease is being managed in the state, at a press briefing in the government house, Osogbo, the state capital, explained that the proactive response of his administration since the first case of COVID-19 was confirmed in the state helped to contain it’s spread . He further explained that the effect of prompt move to quarantine all the 127 returnees from Ivory Coast without considering that some of them came from other states has been adjudged to be the best decision . Oyetola added that giving first hand medical attention to the returnees at the isolation centre located in Ejigbo has really averted a National distress . He said 18 samples, out of the 127 suspects sent for test returned positive while 109, who were certified free of the disease have been allowed to go home. He said :”As you are all aware, we recorded the first COVID-19 case in Osun on the 25th of March, which was confirmed by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). The case is a returnee from the United Kingdom (UK), who voluntarily submitted himself for testing and treatment. “Sadly, between then and now, the number of Covid-19 cases in Osun has risen to 20. The reason for the increased incidence of cases is known to you and members of the public. “You will recall that last week, we received about 127 returnees from Ivory Coast, who came into the country through Ogun state border, where they were allowed entry and escorted by security officials from Ogun State to Osun. “Upon their arrival in the State, as a proactive measure, we immediately quarantined them at an isolation centre in Ejigbo. We later discovered upon profiling that some of these returnees are indigenes and residents of other states such as Oyo, Lagos, Ogun, Imo, Edo, Delta and Abia among others. “Of the 127 isolated and tested returnees, 17 tested positive for Coronavirus while 110 returned negative. Of the 17, we also have persons from other states. “As expected, the arrival of these 127 returnees to the State has generated concerns, insinuations and misinformation in the public sphere, including false stories of escape by some of the returnees and poor state of the isolation centre, despite our efforts to give timely update of the situation to the general public via state-wide broadcast, press releases and other communication channels”. Speaking on the condition of those who tested positive, Oyetola said the patients are intact at the state’s medical facility, and presently undergoing adequate treatment with signs of stability . He gave the details of 25 suspects, among the 127 returnees from Ivory Coast , who eventually tested negative as follow : Eleven from Oyo State, two from Lagos State, One from Ogun State, and three each from Edo, and Abia states, while four came from Delta State and one from Imo State, as the remaining 85 remain in Osun. “They have been advised to observe all the prescribed safety and preventive measures and to call our helplines if they start to feel unwell. “The emergency line remains: 293. The current number of index cases that the State of Osun has recorded was a domino effect of Government’s responsiveness and proactive interception of what would have resulted in a national distress. “Considering our peculiar circumstance, there is the urgent need for the Federal Government to assist us in our efforts to contain the spread of the virus. “Our call is predicated on the fact that some of the samples that were tested indicated high level of viral loads, suggesting a strong capability to infect massively if necessary measures are not taken. “To our people in Osun, rest assured that what we have is not a case of community transmission, but of infection within a controlled group; one which we are actively and effectively addressing”, Oyetola added He, however, expressed confidence in the 21-man Food and Relief committee recently set up for the purpose of providing succour to the people of the state in the face of the total lockdown. “I am happy to note that the committee which was saddled with the task of working out modalities to cushion the effects of the state-wide lockdown on our people, has since swung into action.”