An Osun State High Court, sitting in Ikirun, on Thursday, sentenced two men, Elijah Oyebode, 25, and Jelili Raji,35, to death, over the murder of a female student. The student, Miss Rofiat Damilola Adebisi was a 400-level undergraduate of Osun State University, Ipetu-ijesha campus before he was murdered in cold blood. The prosecution counsel from Ministry of Justice, Barrister Kareem Adekilekun, who appeared alongside Barrister Kemi Oyolola earlier informed the court that on 22nd December, 2016, Adebisi boarded a Golf Car with Registration number: “Lagos FKJ 636 DL”, driven by one Mr. Elijah Oyebode. He added that the lifeless body of the student was later discovered on 23rd December, along Egbeda- Iragbiji Road, in Boripe Local Government area of the state. Adekilekun explained that one Yusuf Ajibade was arrested in the course of the investigation through the deceased phone. Oyebode, in his statement said Raji instructed him to bring a young lady for ritual purpose, and gave him a charm to make unconscious, any one he intended to bring. He confessed to have touched the deceased with the charm while boarding his vehicle before taking her to Raji at his shrine. Oyebode added that he was paid the sum of ten thousand naira for his role.
Also leading in evidence was Simon Adeyeye, a Police Officer attached to the Homicide section, State Criminal Investigation Department, who disclosed that Oyebode was a commercial driver, plying Akure- Owena Road. He said the convict had sex with the deceased before taking her to Raji’s house. Adeyeye further informed the court that the deceased died at Raji’s house, and her body was later dumped at the road side by the duo. He recalled that the convicts had earlier been arraigned in court on 14th November, 2017 and charged with 3-count charge of conspiracy to commit murder, murder and accessory after the fact of murder which contravened Sections 324, 316 and Punishable under Section 319 and S, 322 of the Criminal Code Cap.3 Laws of Osun state, 2002 respectively. Justice Oyejide Falola, in his judgement said prosecution counsel had proven his case beyond reasonable doubt and found Elijah Oyebode and Jelili Raji guilty of murder and conspiracy. He sentenced them to death by hanging, while the third convict, a 28-year-old Yusuf Ajibade was sentenced to two -year jail term for receiving the phone of the deceased. Falola also ordered the forfeiture of Raji’s shrine to the Osun State government.