Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, has confirmed it recorded 11 new cases of coronavirus in Lagos State. With this, Nigeria now has 373 confirmed cases of the disease. 2. Osun State Government has extended the stay-at-home order to contain the spread of coronavirus in the state by two weeks, citing the need for ‘total defeat’ of the virus. The Governor of the state, Gboyega Oyetola, who made this known during a state broadcast, Tuesday evening, admitted that the decision to lockdown the state brought about painful sacrifice. He, however, said the move has been adjudged to be the best, based on the significant outcome recorded in combating the killer disease headlong. 3. Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu has announced the deployment of security agencies to different parts of the state to stop attacks by robbers and hoodlums on residents. Sanwo-Olu, at the COVID-19 and security briefing on Tuesday in Marina, told newsmen that his administration would ensure safety and security of lives and property of all citizens. 4. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), has revealed plans to increase its daily COVID-19 testing capacity to 2,000 samples in Lagos State and 1,000 each in the FCT and other states of the country. Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, Director-General, NCDC, who made the disclosure at the daily Presidential Task Force briefing on COVID-19 on Tuesday in Abuja, said testing result for COVID-19 in the country takes 12 hours to report on negative case, and a much longer period for positive cases. 5. One of President Muhammadu Buhari’s media aides, Tolu Ogunlesi, has said that the €50million grant from the European Union (EU), will go to the United Nations’ Basket Fund recently launched in Abuja. Ogunlesi said the €50m EU Funding just announced today (at a meeting with PMB) was going into the UN Basket Fund launched recently in Abuja, and which is managed by the UN system in Nigeria. 6. Taraba Police Command has said that 25 persons were killed and several others injured in a bloody clash between Shomo and Jole ethnic groups in Lau Local Government Area of Taraba State. The Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP David Misal, made this known while speaking with newsmen in Jalingo on Tuesday, stating that about 100 houses were burnt down during the clash, which took place in the area on Monday. 7. Unknown gunmen on Monday abducted Olori Funbi Ojo, wife of Oba Olusanjo Ojo, the Baba-Aso of Igboole in Igboora area of Oyo State and her daughter. Sources said the duo were kidnapped by the gunmen around Keji Abra farm, Igbole area of Igboora, around 8:15 p.m on Monday. 8. The Kano State Fire Service has disclosed that four members of a family died in a collapsed building in the Saberi area in Gwale Local Government Area of the state. The Spokesman of the Service, Saidu Mohammed, made this known in a statement on Tuesday in Kano, stating that three other victims were rescued alive from the debris. 9. The United Kingdom’s Mission in Nigeria has announced plans to begin evacuating another set of British nationals from Saturday, amid COVID-19 crisis. In a statement by the British High Commission on its verified Twitter page, the mission said that the Britons would be evacuated from Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA) in Lagos and Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja. 10. US President Donald Trump has said he has instructed his administration to halt funding to the World Health Organization (WHO),BBC reports. According to the President, the WHO had “failed in its basic duty” in response to the coronavirus outbreak.