The Abia State Government has insisted that the COVID-19 lockdown is still in force in the state. This is even as the state government has approved the operation of COVID-19 Mobile Court in Aba, Umuahia and Ohafia to try offenders. The government urged all and sundry to remain steadfast and committed to the fight against COVID-19 by cooperating with the security agencies, state and local government enforcement teams as they implement the lockdown order in the State. This was contained in a release signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Barrister Chris Ezem and forwarded to DAILY POST on Monday night. According to the release which read partly, “Government solicits the understanding of all as it continues to roll out palliatives to cushion the pain and effect of the lockdown occasioned by the pandemic. “To this end, the government directs that all motor parks and markets must remain closed during this lockdown as the security agencies and Enforcement Teams have been instructed to impound and confiscate any intra/intercity passenger vehicles leaving any park or around our borders. In the same vein, any market or motor park found flouting these directives will be sealed up indefinitely and the head of such market or union removed and prosecuted. “Abians should also note that the directive on compulsory use of face masks by all remains operational and a law. Abians are also encouraged to continue to maintain minimum hygiene level by regular hand washing, use of hand sanitizers and wearing of face masks. “Government is particularly grateful to all donors in cash and material to the fight of COVID-19 pandemic in the State and this included the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). Government commends all our front line providers and those on essential duties including medical and para-medical personnel, environmental and community health officers, ASEPA, all volunteer organizations, security agencies, TIMAAS, Peace Corps, vigilante group, Nigerian legion, Boys Scout and the Press for their efforts towards the fight against COVID-19 in the state.” Meanwhile, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, on Sunday confirmed 86 new COVID-19 cases in the country, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 627.