Paul Ibe, the Special Adviser to former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, has reacted to the death of over 15 recognized persons within 24 hours. Ibe said it is now time to investigate the mysterious deaths with a view to providing solutions rather than asking questions. Recall that on Saturday, news spread that several prominent residents of Kano State have dropped dead in the last 24 hours. DAILY POST reported that while some had coronavirus symptoms, the cause of death for others has not been determined. There are speculations of a meningitis outbreak but residents say even that can still not be explained. The National Coordinator, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Dr. Sani Aliyu had in one of the PTF’s daily press briefings said the Federal Government was yet to establish the true number of deaths from Kano State. He said “There are several scenarios that could be happening in Kano; one is that there could be an increase in numbers of death due to COVID-19, the other possibility is that the deaths may not be caused by the virus. “You are aware that a lot of hospitals in Kano have closed so people with medical concerns are having difficulty accessing care, so the deaths may not be related to the virus. We are awaiting the investigation to ascertain the true picture.” A list of those that have died within 24 hours include editors, bankers, businessmen, professors, government officials, among others They include Aliyu Umar Dikko; Regional Manager of First Bank, Abdullahi Lawal; ex-MD of Continental Merchant Bank, Ibrahim Ayagi;  Musa Ahmad Tijjani, Editor of Triumph newspapers; Adamu Dal, ex-Chairman State Civil Service Commission. Others are Nasiru Maikano Bichi; Musa Umar Gwarzo; Ustaz Dahiru Rabiu, ex-Grand Khadi; Salisu Lado; Nene Umma; Garba Sarki Fagge; Salisu Lado; Shamsiyya Mustapha; Nene Umma; Garba Sarki Fagge; Rabiu Dambatta; Kabiru Ibrahim Bayero and mother of a businessman, Ado Gwanja. Paul Ibe tweeted, “The time to start asking what is going on with the ‘unexplained’ deaths in #Kano is long gone. “Now is the time for investigation with a view to providing solutions. That is what #leadership is all about.”