Ebonyi State Governor, Chief David Umahi at the weekend said his administration has ordered the immediate production of over two hundred thousand (200,000) masks to be distributed in the thirteen Local Government Areas of the state as a way of curtailing the spread of coronavirus. The governor who spoke to Journalists in Abakaliki through the Special Assistant on Vocational Education, Hon. Barr. Adaeze Nwaji said the governor ordered the production of the masks to curtail its high cost and hoarding by medical practitioners in the state. He directed the department of Pre-vocational Studies, School of Human Aesthetics and Fashion Designing to immediately produce the said 200,000 face mask, to enable his administration fight the spread of COVID-19. “Our dear governor, Chief David Umahi has directed Ebonyi state vocational college to produce two hundred thousand (200,000) masks for the people of the state”. It was gathered that the directive to produce the said 200,000 face mask, came barely 24hours after the governor directed security agencies to arrest erring citizens of the state who flout his order of wearing masks for the prevention of the spread of COVID-19. “His Excellency, Chief David Nweze Umahi FNSE, FNATE, in furtherance of our collective efforts to ensure, through the grace of God, that this satanic scourge called COVId-19 does not reach Ebonyi State, hereby further directs me to inform the public as follows; That with effect from 4th of April, 2020 and throughout the entire Ebonyi State, anybody that is seen outside his/her house must wear a face mask. “Security agencies, all sub-committees on COVID-19, Chairmen of Local Government Areas, Coordinators of Development Centres and indeed all Government officials are hereby directed to arrest anyone seen outside his/her home anywhere in Ebonyi State without wearing a face mask” he stated. Recall that Ebonyi State Vocational College was established in 2019 by the governor to help his administration solve the seemingly intractable problems of unemployment and unemployable nature of most Nigerian graduates.