Armed bandits have attacked communities in Erena, Shiroro Local Government Area of Niger State killing two persons and injuring several others. The bandits estimated to be about one hundred also rustled about two thousand cows from the communities. Some of the affected communities include Unguwar Dauda, Gini Sarkin, noma Lagbe Gope, Rafin Sanyi Amuko and Gussako. The DAILY POST gathered that the bandits stormed the community at 7 am on Sunday, armed with dangerous weapons and shooting sporadically into the air. The attack led to panic, forcing many of the villagers into surrounding bushes for safety. Others according to our source are taking refuge at Gwada community, increasing the number of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Shiroro Local Government. An eye witness, and former Chairman Shiroro Council, ASP Abdullahi Yerima retired, pleaded with both State and Federal Governments and security agencies to come to the aid of the people of the area. Yerima said ” we are calling on governments at all levels to come and help us from this situation we are in. And, unless, urgent steps are taken hunger and starvation will set in. This is because Shiroro has been the food basket of Niger State, but is now under massive and consistent attack by bandits.” Also confirming the attack, the state Public Relationship Officer, Wasiu Abiodun said two persons were killed, one person injured, while some cows were rustled in the attack. He however confirmed that normalcy has returned to the area as a combined security force has been sent to the area. It would be recalled that six days ago, armed bandits attacked a community in Rafi Local government, and during an exchange of fire with a vigilante group in Mariga local government, six members including the grand commander of the vigilantes were killed. Following the death of its members, the vigilante group in the state has now threatened to withdraw its services until the Niger State government provides modern fighting equipment for it to fight the bandits.