Suspected armed herdsmen have killed four persons and razed 36 houses in Unguwan Magaji village, Kamaru Chawai ward in Kauru Local Government Area of Kaduna State. The suspected herdsmen, numbering about 100, were said to have stormed the village by 6:45pm on Sunday from behind the hills that serve as the boundary between Kaduna State and Ganawuri in Plateau State. The National Public Relations Officer, Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, SOKAPU, Luka Binniyat, in a statement on Monday, explained that the brave youths of the village put a strong resistance to the invaders, stressing that one of the attackers was found dead and his phone retrieved with useful information that has been passed to the police. The statement explained that the attackers came from four flanks, causing confusion and pandemonium among unsuspecting villagers as village youths tried to fend them off. The statement said, “After about 30 minutes of violence, the following were unfortunately killed: Mrs. Hanatu Joseph 58, mother of 5 Children; Mrs. Sarah Sunday, 40 – She left behind her husband and 6 Children, Mrs. Dije Sajay, 55, married with 6 children and Mr. Sunday David, 47, married with 7 children.” The statement further noted that the attackers targeted food stores and bans of grains, making sure they burnt as much as they could. “This is to ostensibly cause starvation, especially under this lockdown from the coronavirus,” the statement explained. It said the Police and soldiers came into Unguwan Magaji in the morning on Monday and saw the corpse of the dead herdsman, which they took away. The statement added that early this month, Ibrahim Atiga, 42, a native of Unguwan Magaji, was killed by herdsmen on his way to the farm, pointing out that he had since been buried. The statement gave the phone number of the dead Fulani herdsman in the Unguwan Magaji attack as 090 3708 4640, for the purpose records of the public. Recall that on the 13th November, 2015, armed herdsmen attacked Unguwan Magaji and five other neighbouring villages resulting in the killing of 37 persons, 202 homes razed and the only Church, a Catholic Church was burnt down.