Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. There was total compliance among residents of Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States in the ongoing 14 days lock down announced by the federal government to curb the scourge of coronavirus. DAILY POST observed that most streets and highways in the affected states were deserted, except security personnel, health workers, food vendors and media practitioners who were seen going about their business. 2. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Tuesday night, confirmed four new cases of coronavirus in the country. In a tweet on their verified Twitter page, the centre said four new cases of #COVID19 have been reported in Nigeria- 3 in the FCT and 1 in Lagos, bringing the number of index cases in Nigeria to 139. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari government says 11 million Nigerians with get palliatives to alleviate the harsh effects of coronavirus. Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouk, who stated this on Tuesday, noted that the government already had with details of those considered vulnerable in 35 states. 4. The Federal Government, on Tuesday, announced the suspension of ongoing reconstruction work at the Akanu Ibiam International Airport, Enugu. Minister of Aviation, Senator Hadi Sirika, who disclosed this after an inspection tour of the project, said the project, which had gone beyond 90 percent, would have been delivered before Easter. 5. The federal government has announced a further reduction of the pump price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), also known as petrol. It said the product has been reduced from N125 to N123.50k per litre with effect from Wednesday, April 1, 2020. 6. The Presidency has reacted to the news making the rounds on social media that President Muhammadu Buhari has sacked his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari. Speaking through the President’s aide on new media matters, Bashir Ahmad, it described the news as “another fake news.” 7. The Lagos State, through its Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, has said the State does not know the whereabouts of Abba Kyari, the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari. This is contrary to reports that Kyari is at the Mainland Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) isolation centre in Lagos. 8. Osun State Governor, Adegboyega Oyetola, has constituted a 21-man Food and Relief Committee of Eminent Nigerians. They are saddled with the task of working out modalities to cushion the effect of restrictions on movement of goods and services amid the coronavirus outbreak. 9. The Nigerian Army has released the postings and appointments of some senior officers. A statement on Tuesday by Colonel Sagir Musa, Acting Director Army Public Relations, explained that the redeployment was as a routine/normal exercise intended to reinvigorate the system for greater professional effectiveness and efficiency. 10 . Inmates of the Kaduna Central Correctional Centre are protesting the congestion in their cells following the outbreak of COVID-19 in Nigeria. The inmates who are alleged to have engaged prison officials, are insisting that they must be released to avoid being infected by the deadly virus.