Some Nigerians have commended the Lagos State Government and the Nigeria Police over the arrest of Nollywood star, Funke Akindele. The actress was dragged on Sunday morning on social media after she held a party with the likes of Eniola Badmus, Naira Marley, despite lockdown orders by Lagos State and the Federal Governments. However, Funke Akindele took to her Instagram page apologizing for her actions even as she explained all the attendees at the party had been in self-isolation at Amen Estate where she resides. But, Police in a statement signed by DSP Bala Elkana, Police Public Relations Officer and forwarded to DAILY POST on Sunday, said Funke Akindele was arrested for violating restriction orders in Lagos State. Meanwhile, some Nigerians took to their social media pages to laud the Nigeria Police for arresting the movie star. According to them, the force has proved that no one is above the law in Nigeria. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Jemimah “Arresting Funke Akindele was the right move by the government. Just needed to make sure nobody goes against the presidential order again.” @dafesjoint “They should make Funke Akindele do free publicity for 1 year till this pandemic is over. Comb every street and media house doing free campaign.” @Salman “Sidney pranked us, he got away with it. If the government doesn’t arrest everyone that attended that Funke Akindele’s house party, maybe everyone should just go back to their normal lives and let the virus kill all of us.” @Uncle_Ajala “Police arrest Funke Akindele over a house party, and order Naira Marley and JJC to report to the Police station on Monday, or they will be declared wanted. Police and Lagos state government did well on this, others will learn from their irresponsible acts.” @OluniyiGates “The government should just fine everyone at the party or force all of them to give a public apology and donate to the fight against the virus. No need to arrest.” @Ekitigan “Funke Akindele has been arrested, and Police should arrest everybody there and send them to worst isolation centre in Nigeria for 14 days. Sebi them no wan get sense abi?” @McPapilo “Funke Akindele’s arrest is damage control PR. Good one, needed one.” @Rajidraj “This arrest of that reckless Funke Akindele has me feeling like a proper Nigerian. Arrest everyone at the party too. Stupid stupid people.” (sic). @Peteratangho “She should be fined $100,000, asked to publicly apologize to the nation and ripped off her NCDC ambassadorship.”