A cross section of Nigerians has reacted to recent prophecy by the General overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, (RCCG) Pastor Enoch Adeboye. Adeboye on Sunday predicted a big fire outbreak and impending flood in Nigeria very soon. He warned Nigerians and the government to clear gutters and pray to God to avert the disaster. He also urged Buhari-led government to seek the help of spiritual leaders in the fight against COVID-19 pandemic. Adeboye’s message has stirred diverse reactions from Nigerians online. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Olusolajohnson14 “Anyone is capable of predicting this. Last year, Lekki was flooded. Let us improve our infrastructural assets, especially our roads and drainage as a measure towards preventing this environmental problem.” @Drpenking “Dear Pastor Adeboye, I am aware that ‘soon’ in the spiritual language is a little bit different from our physical language. 20 years ago, I was told that Jesus will come soon. So when you say that COVID19 will end soon, are you speaking physically or spiritually? @_Igwillo “What if Nigeria and Africa overcomes the COVID-19 virus before the rest of the world, I just pray Pastor Adeboye’s words come to pass because me I’m actually tired.” @AkinbodeToluwa1 “Its solutions we need now not disaster.Its like men of God are carriers of bad news now.” @Atilery “Raining season is aproching we all know there will be floods. Tell us when corona virus will go not the future even an unborn baby knows.” @FCMglobal “Pastor Adeboye addressed the congregation today in a way the HEAD of STATE should.The message was reassuring and educative.God bless Nigeria, God bless Africa.” @Seun_oj “Pastor Adeboye mentioned that he probably has just one more Sunday to spend with us.This is so relieving,Thank you Jesus.” @lordrah05 “All RCCG followers, let everybody shout Halleluyah.Go and tell baba to stop all these prophecies, he didn’t see any vision as regards this Covid-19? @Dgreatanoms “Baba Adeboye keep this prophesy somewhere for now abeg, we no need am.” @Marjar2099 “It is common sense and reasonable. Ebola first, then this & with the way man keeps tampering with nature & eco-system, more is expected. No prophecy at all. Men of reasoning already had it well thought out.”