Popular Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele was on Sunday night arrested at her residence in Amen Estate, Lagos State for violating restriction orders. Akindele had organized a birthday party for her husband, JJC Skillz, with more than 20 persons in attendance, leading to her arrest. The Lagos State government had banned all religious or social gatherings of more than 20 persons in order to curtail the spread of Coronavirus in the state. The Lagos State House of Assembly passed a bill titled, ‘A Law to Combat and Stop the Spread of Coronavirus Pandemic in Lagos State and for Connected Purposes,’ to prosecute those who flout directives to prevent the spread of COVID-19. The bill, which has 25 sections, gives Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu the power to spend at least N20 billion to combat the pandemic in Lagos State. According to the Lagos Infection Diseases Regulations 2020, a jail term of one month or N100,000 fine or both have been prescribed to anyone found guilty of hosting gatherings or flouting the lockdown order. The regulations were made under the Lagos State Public Health Law, and Section 8 of the Quarantine Act, Cap Q2 LFN 2004 (the “Quarantine Act”) to prevent further spread of the virus. The regulation act reads in part: “Where there is a violation of a close-down or stay-at-home order, security agencies shall have the power to arrest without warrant and may detain any person, who violates the close-down or stay-at-home order, for at least 48 hours. “Where the arrested person is found guilty, the person is liable to a fine of N100,000 or one-month imprisonment or three months of community service.” Anyone who fails to comply with the directives under the regulations or fails to obey restriction order may be liable to a fine, imprisonment or to both. This puts Akindele and others at the risk of spending a month in jail, fine of N100,000 or three months community service. Meanwhile, the Lagos State police command has asked Funke’s husband, JJC and Naira Marley to appear on Monday or risk being declared wanted.