Akwa Ibom State government on Sunday discharged three COVID-19 survivors from Ibom Specialist Hospital Uyo. Recall that over a week ago, the state government sent home three COVID-19 patients whose tests came out negative. However, one of the COVID-19 survivors, Dr.Otobong Asuquo, who contracted the virus during a medical outreach in Uyo, has disclosed his intension to resume work but must ensure constant use of protective gears. Two of the three survivors discharged greeted members of the public with a common message that, “COVID-19 is real. Please follow all the precautions given and protect yourselves”. Recounting his experience, Asuquo said, having read about COVID-19 before he became ill, he was able to isolate himself for ten days before being picked up by the emergency response team of the state government. “I am going back to work. I vowed to protect lives, and nothing can discourage me from doing so. But this time around, I have to be very strict with personal protection. “The moment I suspected I had contacted Coronavirus, I had to, first of all, protect my family members by going into self-isolation for 10 days before I was picked up. Protect yourself if you are negative. COVID-19 is real,” he said. Another discharged survivor, Ememobong Gabriel Udoh, a Pharmacist who said his symptoms started with the loss of sense of smell, said he initially adopted home remedies such as steam inhalation and vitamin C to build his immunity. The Pharmacist who was also a victim of the medical outreach said he got the initial courage from friends and family, and later, from the soothing treatment enjoyed from the facilities and medical personnel at Ibom Specialist Hospital. His words “It was quite a rough and scary experience initially, but I got courage from friends and family. Ibom Specialist Hospital also did a great job. The treatment has been top-notch. It encouraged both physical and psychological recovery.” Udoh, however, recounted a panicking experience when he was tested negative, and after some weeks of treatment, was tested positive again on a confirmatory test. “I got quite down when I got tested negative and later tested positive again,” he said. In a reaction, the state Commissioner for Health, Dr Dominic Ukpong, said the state government was doing everything within its power to curtail the spread of COVID-19 in the state, as well as give those who have been tested positive the best attention for quick recovery. He announced that out of the 31 samples sent out, 30 returned negative while one turned out positive. ” in addition to this, we have just discharged three persons who have been successfully treated,” he added.