Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, on Wednesday confirmed 196 new cases of coronavirus disease in the country. Nigeria now has 1,728 confirmed cases of COVID-19; 307 patients out of these have been discharged, while 51 deaths have been recorded. 2. The Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, has said bank branches in Lagos, Ogun and Abuja, will be open to customers from Monday, May 4. According to the National Coordinator of the task force, Sani Aliyu, banking halls would be open to customers between 8am and 2pm. 3. The World Health Organization has declared that Coronavirus is far from over. WHO Director-General, Dr. Tedros Ghebreyesus, in a video on his Twitter handle, appealed that more work needs to be done. 4. The Federal Capital Territory Administration has confirmed sixteen new cases of coronavirus. The confirmation was made by FCTA in a tweet via its Twitter account on Thursday. 5. Federal offices nationwide can open from May 4 for workers to resume work, the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 has said, adding that resumption will be based on specific grade levels, the PTF explained. Also, the banking, construction, manufacturing sectors, as well as food processing companies, will be allowed to open from Monday, the PTF further said. 6. The Nigerian Government has announced that 125 aircrafts and thirteen airports will be decontaminated as part of measures to curb the spread of Coronavirus. Minister of Environment, Muhammad Mahmood, who made this known at the daily briefing by members of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Wednesday, said the measure was to ensure that aircrafts remained safe for passengers upon resumption. 7. Jigawa State has confirmed the death of one person who tested positive for COVID-19 in the State. Chairman COVID-19 Task Force in the State, Dr. Abba Zakari, who disclosed this while briefing newsmen, Wednesday night, added that the State had also recorded five new cases in four more local government areas. 8. The Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, has dispatched 110 trucks of palliatives foodstuff from the Federal Government to the Kano State Government for distribution to the needy, vulnerable and people of concern in the State. Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Umar Farouq, said that the Ministry delivered ten trailer-loads of parboiled rice to the state government about two weeks ago, and in addition to that directed the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) to deliver 100 trucks of grains to five locations in Kano State for distribution to poor and vulnerable households on the instruction of President Muhammadu Buhari. 9. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has reacted to reports that President Muhamadu Buhari appointed a ‘dead man’ from Ebonyi State as member of the Federal Character Commission (FCC). The APC Ebonyi State Chairman, Mr Eze Nwachukwu, in a press briefing, explained that Chief Tobias Okwuru was hale and hearty at the time he was nominated for the position by Mr President. 10. US President, Donald Trump, has promised to send at least 200 ventilators to Nigeria to fight the spread of coronavirus disease. Trump confirmed that there were plans by the US to send ventilators from Florida to other countries, including Nigeria.