Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, on Saturday, confirmed 13 new cases of Coronavirus in the country. NCDC in a tweet on its official Twitter page, disclosed that the confirmed cases were in Lagos, Delta and Kano States. This now brings the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria to 318. 2. Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State was on Friday, pelted with stones by some angry youths in Abeokuta, while distributing relief packages to cushion the effects of the ongoing Coronavirus lockdown on the people of the state. The governor had decided to do the job himself, following complaints that the relief packages being distributed in the state did not get to the poor and vulnerable. But as he moved towards Oju Ogbara, he was stopped by some angry residents of the area, who were chanting, “Dapo ebi n pawa”, “Amosun o fi ebi pawa,” meaning ‘’Dapo, we are hungry, Amosun didn’t starve us.’’ In the process, the angry youths started throwing stones. 3. The Africa Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (Africa CDC) has said that there are now 13,145 confirmed cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) in 52 countries across Africa. The health agency stated this in a tweet on its official Twitter handle on Saturday evening. According to the tweet, COVID-19 has killed 700 people in Africa, while a total of 2,171 patients have recovered from the deadly disease across the continent. 4. Ghana’s High Commissioner to the UK and Ireland, Papa Owusu Ankomah, has tested positive for COVID-19. Ankomah has been admitted in the Intensive Care Unit of a London Hospital after testing positive for the virus on Friday, April 10. The diplomat was appointed as the head of Ghana’s Mission in the UK and Ireland in June 2017. So far, Ghana has recorded 408 confirmed cases and 8 deaths. 5. President Idris Deby has declared that Chadian troops will no longer participate in military operations outside the country’s borders. He said this was to ensure that the National Army campaigns against Boko Haram and armed groups becomes very active in the Lake Chad region. Deby lamented failures by allies to do more in the fight against Boko Haram and other terror sects including ISWAP. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has thanked all Nigerians for their patience, resolve and strong determination to defeat the Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak, promising that the distribution of relief items will continue in the states affected by the ongoing lockdown. His spokesman, Garba Shehu, said this in a statement on Saturday. 7. The National Human Rights Commission on Saturday expressed displeasure over the alleged inhuman treatment meted out to some Nigerians by the Chinese authorities in Beijing. A viral video had emerged on Thursday, showing some Nigerians in Guangzhou, China being sent out of their apartments and treated poorly by some Chinese officials. Reacting, Mr. Tony Ojukwu, Executive Secretary of NHRC in a statement in Abuja, said that the information at their disposal indicated that Nigerians and other African nationals have been singled out for forced quarantine despite undergoing initial 14-day quarantine. 8. The Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH) says it has placed four of its nurses in isolation, after having contact with a patient who died of COVID-19. Prof. Tokunboh Fabamwo, LASUTH Chief Medical Director, made this known in an interview with newsmen on Saturday in Lagos. He said that all the doctors took precautions when attending to the patient, but that when she was about to die, the nurses rushed to her and tried to do pulmonary resuscitation on her. 9. Samuel Naakpo, a suspected notorious kidnapper, who is the leader of the gang terrorizing the East-West axis of Ogoni-Uyo road has been shot dead by officers of the Rivers State Police Command. Spokesman of the Command, DSP Nnamdi Omoni, who confirmed the incident said the late criminal was shot while trying to escape from a raid on his hideout inside a forest in Ogu-Bolo Local Government Area of the state. Omoni said detectives of the Anti-Kidnapping Unit attached to the Operation Sting of the Command, acting on intelligence stormed the kidnappers’ den and recovered different kinds of arms and ammunition. 10. With about 24 hours left to the end of the 14-day lockdown imposed by President Muhammadu Buhari, most Nigerians remain anxious about an almost inevitable extension. Everything points to a possible extension. When Buhari gave the stay-at-home order on March 29, Nigeria had only 111 cases. As at Sunday morning, there were officially 318 cases. The president gave the clearest hint of more days on Saturday in a statement by his Spokesman, Garba Shehu.