Many importers find it difficult to clear their goods at the Nigeria ports in Lagos, most of them receive phone calls daily from their clearing agent about the amount of demurrage on their car(s) or container(s), when you take your time to find out you will discover that a particular clearing agent abandoned the job and disappeared, not because the agent choose to, but because he or she has gone to get a valuation outside the custom to deceive such importer. Anytime a clearing agent collect valuation from outside the valuation department, the clearing will never sail through custom because there is no way they would not be alerted and we have realized that 70% of importer will prefer a clearing agent without office, agent with no accreditation and clearing agent with very low price(Deceit). The idea is that they will first of all give a low value to deceive such importer and when you commit your fund then you are at the mercy of such agent. Many cars and containers that have incurred so much demurrage just because either the clearing agent has disappeared or unable to continue. If you are looking for a reliable Clearing company that can clear your cars, containers and your airport goods safe without making away with your money or ask you to commit your money and come back to ask for more, all you need to do is to give all your importation responsibilities to DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED. We are a registered company with CORPORATE AFFAIR COMMISON. Good news has come to the importers as the DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED will clear your car with 50% Down payment and Your container with 60% Down payment while you pay us when your car or container have been cleared from the Nigeria Port but we must agree on the final agreement before we proceed. We are capable of clearing your good from the port on time and safe as not to incur any demurrage or storage. We can also help you bid for any car of your choice from USA using www.copart.com and www.iaai.com while you pay us service charge of ( #70,000) for helping you bid (ONLY) but if you want us to do everything from A to Z then our service charge is (#120,000). You can take over your shipping and Trucking yourself if you do not want to use our full service but only our license and we will help you clear the car when it get here at “Tincan Port in Lagos” or If you have a car that need to be consolidated, we will be happy to help you pick it from any location in USA and deliver it to the port of shipping for you. If you also have any goods that need to be cleared from the Nigeria Airport, we can as well help you as soon as you send us your airway bill, If you are clearing from the international, Local or sea port we will help you, as our staffs are fast, accurate and reliable. Many people ask us what is the meaning of Freight Forwarder? Freight forwarder is the person acting like an intermediary between the importer of any goods and the Nigeria custom Services in making sure the importer get a low value. They also help the cargo owners in the efficient movement of goods to the buyers by completing some procedural and documentary formalities. Providing transportation and handling cost information. OUR SERVICE INCLUDE: Clearing of cars containers Airport Cargo Consolidate container Shipping from USA Car Auctioning/Importation Online Bidding through www.Copart.com and www. Iaai.com Local herbal source for foreigner You have probably heard of the Clearing company that bear DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED. Also, you probably know that they have something to do with clearing and forwarding cargo at ports of entry. But what else is there to it? What is the role of DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED as a clearing company? Where can I find them in Apapa Lagos? This blog will make an attempt at explaining further the role of DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED. DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED is the logistics services providers that assist you in the handling and management of your cargo. They are part of the National supply chain, helping in delivering goods from source to destination. DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED also have contracts with a carrier or several carriers to move the goods from the manufacturer or the supplier. The carriers could be shipping lines and airlines. If you are importing goods from China, USA, Canada or anywhere in the world for example, DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED will assist you in processing all the necessary documentation. Just like in most other parts of the world, clearing of cargo at ports of entry is highly regulated by legislation and excessive paperwork. Some of this paperwork is often complicated, and one wrong move can result in you being smacked with heavy penalties for defaulting legal requirements. Some of the typical documents that need to be processed and submitted to the Custom authority are the goods purchase invoice, import declaration and the bill of lading. In this regards, DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED is the third-party link between you and the custom authorities. Once all your shipment is legally declared, necessary taxes paid and all paperwork done away with, the freight can then be delivered to you as the consignee in the manner you prefer. In Nigeria, DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED will assist with tariff classifications, audits and detailed costing of shipments. The Nigeria Revenue Authorities guidelines stipulate that a clearing and forwarding agent must be a registered firm and a member of National Association of Nigeria Custom licensed Agent. This is in a bid to ensure that there is some regulation in the industry. Having known all this, if you are searching for the best clearing and forwarding agent in Lagos, your search ends here. DEALER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED services are timely and cost effective. We are stationed in all major ports of entry and airports in Lagos, Nigeria. Our services extend to the full range of clearing and forwarding of freight from designated international markets. We have a strong support system with our business partners anchored on our long standing business relationship with the Nigeria Custom Authority department. Make a call today to our office and visit our office in person, let us talk. Address 19 Itapeju Street, Apapa website www.dealerglobals.com http://www.dealerglobals.com/ Mobile/Whatsapp 08092320669 Email info@dealerglobal.com