Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Center for Disease and Control, NCDC, on Sunday, confirmed 91 new cases of Coronavirus in the country. NCDC made the confirmation in a tweet via its Twitter handle, stating that Nigeria now has a total number of 1273 confirmed cases. 2. The Oyo State government has announced the death of another COVID-19 patient. The State Governor, Seyi Makinde, on Twitter, said the patient was confirmed positive on Saturday. 3. A Professor of Mass Communication, Balarabe Maikaba is dead. Maikaba, who was a staff of Bayero University in Kano (BUK) has since been buried according to Islamic burial rites. 4. Ekiti State Commissioner for Agriculture, Folorunso Olabode, has been kidnapped by unidentified gunmen. Also a councillor in Ilejemeje Local Government area of the state who was with the Commissioner, was shot dead on the spot by the kidnappers. 5. The Kano State government has finally spoken about the increased death rate in the State. The State’s Commissioner of Information, Muhammad Garba, in a statement on Sunday, described it as a serious situation, listing malaria and hypertension as some of the causes of the deaths. 6. A member of the arraigned suspects in the murder of Mrs Funke Olakunrin, Pa Fasoranti’s Daughter has tested positive for coronavirus. Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, who disclosed this on Sunday, said the suspect has been isolated from others and will be moved to the IDH for treatment. 7. The House of Representatives will on Tuesday resume plenary activities amid the Coronavirus outbreak, after adjourning plenary on the 24th of March to prevent the spread of the virus. In a letter signed by the Clerk of the House, Patrick Giwa to all members, the House will resume plenary on the 28th of April. 8. Kaduna State Governor, Nasir El-Rufai has extended the quarantine orders being enforced in the State for another 30 days. The Governor’s decision follows a recommendation to that effect by the State Standing Committee on Covid-19, which is chaired by the Deputy Governor, Dr. Hadiza Balarabe. 9. Two patients, Abbas Kaka Hassan, a 24-year-old male and Hauwa Mohammed, a 42-year-old female, are on the run after testing positive for COVID-19 at the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH). The male is of Layin Tanki in Gwange II area, while the woman lives in Shuwari ward of Maiduguri, the State capital. 10. Saudi Arabia has abolished the death sentence on individuals who committed crimes while still minors. The State-backed Human Rights Commission (HRC) disclosed this in a statement, citing a royal decree by King Salman, on Sunday.