Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa has expressed disappointment over alleged poor treatment of Nigerians by President Muhammadu Buhari and the All Progressive Congress. Giwa, who has persistently criticized Buhari’s government for failing to tackle challenges facing Nigeria, said nobody had thought the APC would be cruel to the people. In a statement, titled” Buhari has sold Nigeria, waiting to collect the balance” forwarded to DAILY POST on Wednesday, Giwa said no reasonable Nigerian takes the APC and Buhari seriously anymore. The statement reads in part,” We can’t believe in anything they say anymore. If they show us a green-colored leaf in the night, we will wake up in the morning to see a white-colored leaf. “May we never experience this kind of cruel and merciless government in Nigeria anymore. Look at how they are treating their fellow men, look at how they are taunting the poor. “You sit on our money, control our money and still molest us. One day, you will account for your misdeeds. “How do you want China to treat Nigerians when Buhari’s government has sold the country to them? “Does it make sense to hear that Nigeria is borrowing money from China? You don’t have any option but to eat whatever your benefactor gives you to eat. “They have sold Nigeria, and they are just waiting to get the balance. We must ask Buhari and the APC what Nigerians have done to them to deserve this treatment. “The majority of Nigerians gladly voted them into power in 2015, but they rigged themselves in 2019, that is fine. “What can people say about you and I after death? I don’t think we will ever learn from death, because if we did, Nigeria would have been great after the death of Sani Abacha. “Nigerians are the greatest enemies of themselves. Hypocrisy, selfishness and lies have become our norms. “We should all conscientize ourselves if we want our country to be great. Nobody saw COVID-19 coming, but I want to believe it came to teach us a lesson. “I told my wife that if not for the children, I would have built a one-bedroom apartment just because I cannot sleep in two rooms at the same time. “What do you need two houses for when you cannot take anything along when you die? Your cars, private jets, houses, wives, children among others will be left in this sinful world when you are gone. “Riches do not profit in the day of wrath, but righteousness delivers from death. We all came naked, and naked we shall all depart. “What does it profit a man if he gains the whole world but forfeits his soul? If Buhari and his party had placed God first at their hearts, Nigeria would have turned to Dubai. “They confabulate without even thinking; As long as God still lives, they have plenty of time to retrace their steps.”