The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Kogi State has vowed to reclaim the governorship seat at the election petition tribunal from the ruling All Progressive Congress, APC, following the judgment of the Court of Appeal, affirming Engr. Musa Wada as the party’s flag bearer in the November 16th 2019 gubernatorial election. DAILY POST gathered that an Appeal Court sitting in Abuja, on Tuesday declared Engr. Musa Wada was the winner of the 3rd September 2019 PDP primaries, overruling the judgment of the lower court in Kogi State. Recall that a Lokoja High Court had in February faulted the Party’s Governorship Primaries held on 3rd September and consequently nullified the primary election insisting that the party has no governorship candidate for the November 16 Election. At the time, gunmen had invaded and disrupted the PDP Governorship primaries while the ballot papers were being sorted
out for counting, the election was, however, concluded at another venue, with Engr Musa emerging winner. But not satisfied with the process, the first runner up in the primary Abubakar Ibrahim, went to court to challenge the outcome, insisting that he would be the winner of the primary election if the missing votes were added in his favour, alleging that Engr. Musa Wada brought in 600 ballot papers from his house. Justice John Olorunfemi while delivering ruling at the Lokoja High Court 4, said the process by the PDP to arrive at a Flagbearer was hasty and inconclusive. The Judge pointed out that the primaries were marred by violence, consequently declared that the party did not have a candidate. The ruling thus prompted the various factions to head to the Appeal Court, Abuja Division seeking to upturn the Judgment of the Lokoja court. Reacting to the Appeal Court Judgment affirming Engr. Wada as its party candidate, PDP Director of Research and Documentation
Achadu Dickson, in a statement on Tuesday, said the Appeal Court Victory is a battle of no retreat, no surrender for the party to reclaim its alleged stolen victory at the Tribunal from the ruling party. According to him, ” from the Judgment, there is no victor or vanquished as it is a matter within PDP which is believed will bind our members to be more stronger than before”. The PDP appealed to members of the party and supporters to avoid any derogatory statements so that the reconciliation committee put up by the party can achieve its aims and objectives. DAILY POST reports that Engr Wada the PDP candidate lost to incumbent Kogi State governor Alhaji Yahaya Bello during November 16th election.