The Abia State combined team of the COVID-19 Task force and youths of Ogbudiukwu, Umuopara in Umuahia South local government area of the State, Wednesday, intercepted a Siena vehicle conveying bags of weeds suspected to be cannabis at Ogbudiukwu community. Briefing newsmen in Umuahia, on Wednesday, the Secretary to the State Government and Chairman, Abia State COVID-19 Committee, Barr. Chris Ezem said that investigation had shown the identity of the driver. He assured that the law would take its course on the suspect.  Ezem disclosed that apart from the suspected hard drugs, they also recovered cash of One Hundred and Twenty Thousand Naira in the vehicle. He urged all to continue to support the efforts of the State government in the lockdown. He equally disclosed that the ban on inter-State traveling remained in force. Speaking, the State Commissioner for Homeland Security, Prince Dan Okoli and the Transition Committee Chairman, Umuahia South LGA, Dr. Ndukwe Adindu said they were happy with the men at the borders as they were committed to their duties which made them to accost the vehicle. They called on the youths to shun all forms of crime and live according to the laws of the land.  They saluted the security agencies for the collaboration that resulted in the seizure of the illicit drugs. Also speaking, the State Commandant, National Drugs Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Mr. Akinbede Bamidele stated that the samples of the materials would be taken to Abuja for forensic analysis, while trial of the suspect would commence soon. The Deputy Commissioner of Police, Operations in the State, Alfa Jibril said that the DPO in charge of Umuopara, Helen Nze led a team to hunt for the driver who abandoned his vehicle and ran away. Meanwhile, the Abia State Government has inaugurated Special COVID-19 Mobile Courts to try those who breach government’s directives regarding the COVID-19 pandemic in the state.  Inaugurating the courts which are to cover the three Senatorial zones of the State, the Abia Chief Judge, Justice Onuoha Ogwe said the focus should be on non custodial sentences, stressing that the Courts should concentrate on those who breach the state’s COVID 19 regulations. Justice Ogwe implored the Magistrates of the Court to be sensitive and patriotic, as well as keep an eye on their supportive staff to ensure that they do not make corrupt arrangements.