One of the hospitals where the first patient who died as a result of Coronavirus in Oyo State visited, Lafia Hospital, Apata Ibadan, has been shut down for two weeks. DAILY POST reports that this is coming few days after a COVID-19 patient visited the hospital for treatment on hypertension. Our correspondent recalls that the Oyo State government had on Wednesday announced the death of a 55-year-old known patient who lied about his health status and travel history- DAILY POST gathered that the patient who is said to be one of the top officers in the Nigeria Customs Service, operating in Northern Nigeria, has his family in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. But, the management of the hospital in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, said all members of staff who had contact with the patient have been tested for COVID-19, and the hospital facility remained closed for decontamination of the building. “On Monday the 20th April 2020, a 55 year old known patient with hypertension and DM presented in our hospital having earlier attended about 3 undisclosed private hospitals for typhoid and malaria fever without improvement. “He was examined by the doctor on call who requested for X-ray. On Tuesday 21st April, he brought the report which was reviewed by the Consultant who suspected Covid-19. “It was at the point of contacting the NCDC that the daughter of the patient confessed that his father has been tested for COVID-19. “He was immediately referred to UCH. On Tuesday 21st April 2020 the COVID-19 test came positive and patient was reported dead on Wednesday 22nd April 2020. “All members of staff who had contact with the patient have been tested for COVID-19. “Our facility was visited by the task force of NCDC on Thursday 23rd April. Even though not prompted by NCDC to close, the facility is currently closed off for decontamination of the building and our services remain suspended for 14 days. “The safety of our staff and our patients is of paramount importance to us. All other members of staff will also undergo COVID-19 test. We shall keep you updated from time to time,” it said.