Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State has been urged to take steps to ensure that policemen involved in the recent killing of youths in Onitsha over the stay at home protest were prosecuted. The Publicity Secretary of the Anambra State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Mr Okelo Madukife made the call on behalf of the party, in a press release he signed. He said, “Corporal Christopher Ozor, and all members of his patrol team involved in the gruesome murder of two youth residents of Nkpor, Idemili North LGA on Wednesday, April 15, 2020, should be charged to court immediately. “Also to be prosecuted are the policemen involved in the shooting at Umunze, Orumba South LGA of the state in the same period, which injured an Anambra citizen and damaged his car extensively, owing to alleged extortion. “These cases cannot be investigated elastically, without tight time frames, checks and balances, even as we welcome the advice given by Anambra State Police Commissioner, Mr. John Abang, to men under his command.” Madukife said that in both cases, no arrests were made by the police and no prosecution was initiated and that the killings have placed Anambra State under greater danger than Coronavirus, going by fatalities and casualties recorded so far. He added that “It is notable that incidents involving unwarranted viciousness and brutalism of Anambra State citizens continue to happen because we have a state government that has abandoned its duty of protection of its citizens and continues to falter on basic rudiments of governance in a presidential system of democracy. “It is instructive that the comatose House of Assembly in Anambra State has called its idle membership out of recess, after the murder of Anambra citizens to enact a law covering the Coronavirus pandemic, an exercise that states like Lagos and Kaduna, who understand their onions have long put behind. “Our state cannot continue to thrive on ‘copycatism’ by those who feel inconvenienced by the call to duty of governance, but are rather enthralled by the glamour,” he said.