The Ogun State Government has said no fewer than 150 persons have been arrested by the Ogun State Police Command in connection with the armed robbery attacks within the Agbado Ijaiye, Sango, Ijoko and Ifo Axis of the State. The armed robbers, DAILY POST reported, have been terrorising Ifo, Ijoko, Iju, Ota, Sango, Adiyan, Agbado, Winners and Oju Ore areas of Ogun State. The areas, Ado-Odo/Ota and Ifo Local Governments have been in crisis as over 200 hoodlums reportedly invade homes day and night, keeping residents awake all night. The police eventually arrested about 19 of them, but the hoodlums regrouped for another armed robbery attack within the areas, bordering Lagos State. On Sunday, the Ogun State Government announced that the police command arrested about 150 suspected armed robbers. DAILY POST reports that they were arrested with cutlasses, axes, local guns and charms. Confirming the arrest, the State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, vowed to deal ruthlessly with criminals in the state. Abiodun said, “I will not hesitate to confirm sentences, even if its capital punishment if that will deter these social misfits.” He stressed that Ogun has zero-tolerance for criminals and “we will deal with them with venomous measures”, saying “Enough is enough!” The governor said: “It has become expedient that we do not spare the rod and spoil the child. Anybody, no matter whose child he or she is, if found guilty of armed robbery, would be visited with the full weight of the law, including capital punishment”. Abiodun urged the police to intensify efforts towards curbing what he called the nefarious activities of criminals, asking them to smoke out their hideouts and promptly investigate those involved in the nightmarish activities, “not only in Ifo and Ado-Odo local governments but across the State.” According to him, the State would avail all other security outfits, including the Department of State Security Service and the armed forces, with the necessary material and logistic support “to end the reign of terror unleashed by armed robbers on the State.” Governor Abiodun lauded the State Police Command for its swiftness and prompt adherence to the directive of the State Government to flush out those turning the sit-at-home order to a criminal enterprise. The government enjoined all law-abiding citizens and residents to remain calm and continue to comply with the stay-at-home directive, as the situation is now fully under control.