Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), has confirmed five new cases of coronavirus in the country, thus bringing the total number of confirmed cases in Nigeria to 214. NCDC on its Official Twitter handle said 3 cases were reported in Bauchi, while 2 were reported in the FCT. 2. Enugu State commissioner for Health, Professor Anthony Ugochukwu is dead Ugochukwu died Friday night at Memphys Hospital Enugu. 3. Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has hinted that the current lockdown in the state could be extended beyond the initial 14 days. Sanwo-Olu, who stated this while briefing journalists on Saturday, said the extension would depend on how the situation is handled in Lagos. 4. The Arewa Council of Chiefs (ACC) in Lagos has alerted the public of an alleged plot to pitch Northerners against Lagosians. Alhaji Aliyu Bambado, the Galadiman of the Council, who raised the alarm in a statement Saturday night, disowned claims that worshippers, allegedly from the northern part of the country, “attacked” operatives of the Lagos State Environment Protection Agency (LASEPA) while enforcing the COVID-19 lockdown. 5. The House of Representatives on Saturday in Abuja said a fresh Stimulus Bill that will ensure that Nigerians get free electricity supply for two months would be considered to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Speaker, Femi Gbajabiamila said the proposed bill is to help in boosting the economy through the informal sector as the country prepares for the aftermath of the coronavirus. 6. Nigeria’s Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Mrs Zainab Ahmed on Saturday met with the leadership of the National Assembly to intimate them of an executive proposal for the establishment of a N500 billion COVID-19 Crisis Intervention Fund. Mrs Zainab, alongside senior officials from the finance ministry, held the meeting with the President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rt. Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila. 7. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) says the National Assembly should scrutinise the N500 billion proposed by the President Muhammadu Buhari government as an intervention fund against COVID-19. The PDP National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, in a statement stated that it was important for the lawmakers to ensure that the fund got to the desired targets. 8. President of Believers Love World also known as Christ Embassy, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome has linked the Coronavirus pandemic and 5G network to antichrist. Pastor Chris said the pandemic was created in order to popularize the 5G network which is gradually gaining attention across the world. 9. The Air Task Force of Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD) and Artillery Batteries of Sector 3, Multinational Joint Task Force (MNJTF) have destroyed an Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) camp at Tumbun Fulani on the fringes of Lake Chad in Northern Borno State. According to the Acting Director, Defence Media Operations, Brig.-Gen. Bernard Onyeuko, this was achieved through combined air and artillery bombardments conducted on April 3rd. 10. The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) has pleaded with the Federal Government not to get Chinese medical team involved in the fight against Coronavirus in the country. NUJ President, Mr. Chris Isiguzo, in a statement on Saturday, said the union was alarmed by the decision of the Federal Government to bring Chinese Medical doctors into Nigeria to fight COVID-19.