The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu, has condemned the glaring unprofessional conduct and misuse of firearms by a policeman at Ebem Ohafia area of Abia State which led to the death of one Mr. Ifeanyi Arunsi. The IGP also decried the resort to self-help by some people and the resultant arson and damage to Government property and operational assets of the Nigeria Police Force. DAILY POST recalls that the youths of Ebem Ohafia in Ohafia Local Government Area of Abia State had on Saturday, took to the streets and major roads in the community to protest the wanton killing of their son, a middle-aged man identified as Friday Arunsi by a trigger- happy security personnel. This is coming barely after a policeman on escort duty from one of the neighboring states killed a resident of Aba on the Uratta axis of the Enugu-Aba-Port Harcourt Expressway. While reports have it that the protesting members of the community set ablaze a Police Patrol Van belonging to the Ohafia Division, an unconfirmed source said another set of protesters set ablaze the Ohafia Police Division building and released all the detained suspects in the police cell. Sources at the community who spoke to reporters on the incident attributed the display of anger by the community to the unjust killing of Arunsi whom they identified as a hardworking man who used to sell provision at Eni Njoku road, Ebem Ohafia. But, the Abia State Police Command attributed the action of the police officer to drunkenness and further disclosed the arrest of the Police officer. The police said the singular act was regrettable and condemnable and would not be tolerated by both the Nigeria Police and its Abia State Command. However, in a press release signed by Frank Mba, Police Public Relations Officer and forwarded to DAILY POST on Wednesday, the Inspector General of Police(IGP), also set-up a Special Investigation Panel headed by the DIG Anthony Michael Ogbizi, in charge of the Force Criminal Investigation Department to carry out a comprehensive investigation into the unfortunate incident. The release added, “The panel will review police actions and inactions prior, during and after the death of Mr. Ifeanyi Arunsi and the circumstances surrounding the attack on the police station and damage to property”.