The Abia command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), has confirmed Wednesday’s shooting to death of a motorist by its operative, Richard Eze, at the Umuikaa Junction, near Aba. DAILY POST reported that Commuters and other road users were on Wednesday stranded for over an hour on the Umuikaa, Isiala Ngwa South LGA axis of Enugu-Port Harcourt Expressway as youths in the area took to the road to protest the killing of a commercial driver by an official of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Isiala Ngwa Division. The incident led to the arrest of the NSCDC official by the police. Confirming the incident, the state Commandant of the corps, Mr Nnamdi Nwannukwu, in a statement made available to the News Agency of Nigeria, NAN, in Umuahia said that a full investigation into the Incident had begun. He said, ”The incident occurred around 7 a.m at a checkpoint mounted by a team of NSCDC operatives enforcing the lockdown at the junction on the Enugu-Port Harcourt Expressway. ”It was learnt that the deceased, identified as Amobi Igwe, an indigene of Ishiagu in Ebonyi, was reportedly driving a Volkswagen RS Spacewagon, when the incident happened. ”He was alleged to have outmanoeuvred men of the Federal Road Safety Corps, who were also enforcing the lockdown on the expressway, close to the NSCDC checkpoint. ”After escaping from the FRSC, the deceased also ran into the NSCDC checkpoint, where attempts to flag him down to ascertain why he was on the road during the lockdown reportedly failed. “The action of the driver raised suspicion among the NSCDC operatives that he could be a criminal attempting to beat security. “The unfortunate development prompted one of the operatives at the checkpoint, SIC Eke Richard, to fire a shot, targeting the tyres. “Unfortunately, the bullet strayed and hit him, leaving him wounded,” the statement added. ”He was said to have been rushed to a hospital in the area, where he was confirmed dead. “Preliminary investigation showed that there was no foodstuff in the vehicle at the time the incident occurred. ”According to him, the command is making frantic efforts to establish the full identity of the deceased. He appealed to the relations of the deceased and members of the public to remain calm and desist from taking the law into their hands. Nwannukwu gave an assurance that any member of the corps found to have violated the rules on the use of firearms would not be spared.