Governor Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun on Sunday confirmed that two COVID-19 patients have died, making the first recorded deaths in the state since the index case surfaced on 24th March. He said the dead were among the 12 new confirmed cases announced on Saturday, recalling that six of them came from Benin republic, while the other six came from Lagos and Ibadan. DAILY POST reports that the Commissioner for Health in the state, Rafiu Isamotu had announced twelve new cases of coronavirus, through a statement he made available to journalists in Osogbo, Osun State. The governor, however, expressed concern over the level of enforcement of the stay-at-home order by security personnel. He appealed to law enforcement agents to do more in ensuring stringent compliance amongst residents. Oyetola also chided truck drivers who usually bring food materials into the state in the night, insisting that the state would no longer allow those individuals into the state, except during the day. “I am not particularly comfortable with the level of compliance so far, especially amongst Okada riders, but we are working assiduously to encourage law enforcement agents to do more and curb the spread of the pandemic. “Disobedience to the directives of the government will further compromise the health of other citizens. Hence, we are imploring everyone to stop accommodating visitors from outside the State of Osun, to obey the total lockdown directives and to avoid unauthorised or non-essential movements. “Citizens that are currently living outside of the state, are urged to stay put in their current locations until the scourge is over and everything returns to normal. “Let us, therefore, obey the directives of the government so that we can return to our normal and unrestricted routines in due time. “My heart goes out to the families of the dead, we are all saddened by the development, may God repose their souls”, Oyetola said. The Commissioner for Health, Isamotu, in his address disclosed that the two cases that were confirmed dead had some underlying ailments, which exacerbated their condition and subsequently led to their demise.