Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, on Sunday confirmed five new cases of Coronavirus in Nigeria. NCDC, in a tweet on its official Twitter page, disclosed that the confirmed cases were 2 in Lagos, 2 in Kwara and 1 in Katsina, thus bringing the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria to 323. 2. The Lagos State government, on Sunday, announced the discharge of five patients who had tested negative for Coronavirus. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on his Twitter page, said so far a total of 55 people have been successfully managed and discharged. 3. Nigeria’s Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has said the Federal Government did not invite the Chinese doctors who came into the country last Wednesday to help with the fight against Coronavirus (COVID-19). Ehanire, who made the clarification on Saturday, said the China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) in its wisdom and probably in its corporate social responsibility thought they should bring people in to come and help Nigeria and give advice. 4. Founder and General Overseer of Salvation Ministries, David Ibiyeomie, has declared an end to COVID-19 disease. Ibiyeomie, who made the declaration in a televised message entitled: “Wisdom for Greater Glory, Part 3” on Sunday, urged Nigerians to start thinking of what to do next with their lives saying the “COVID-19 pandemic has ended.” 5. The Borno State Government has ordered a total lockdown. It also shut its borders against non-essential movements to curtail the spread of coronavirus. Alhaji Umar Kadafur, the Deputy Governor of Borno, who disclosed this in a statement on Sunday, said that the order would take effect from Monday, April 13, by 6 a.m, adding that movement in and out of the state would be completely restricted. 6. A pastor at the Christ Apostolic Church (CAC), Ogijo, in Sagamu Local Government area of Ogun State, was on Sunday, arrested for having an Easter Service, in defiance to government’s COVID-19 lockdown directive. Abimbola Oyeyemi, who is the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, confirmed that the pastor, Jonathan Olowonisile, was arrested alongside his associate and two others for leading a congregation contrary to the ban on mass gathering. 7. The General overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, (RCCG) Pastor Enoch Adeboye has said God told him that the world will be like a ‘child in convulsion’ this year. Adeboye, who made this known in a message entitled “A New Beginning,’ during a live broadcast on Sunday, assured that the coronavirus pandemic would be over in no time. 8. The Ogun State Government has said no fewer than 150 persons have been arrested by the Ogun State Police Command in connection with the armed robbery attacks within the Agbado Ijaiye, Sango, Ijoko and Ifo Axis of the State. The armed robbers, sources said, have been terrorising Ifo, Ijoko, Iju, Ota, Sango, Adiyan, Agbado, Winners and Oju Ore areas of Ogun State. 9. The leader of a cult gang, which has been terrorizing some parts of Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, Moshood Oladokun, popularly known as Ekugbemi, is dead. Oladokun was attacked at his hideout in Olomi-Olunde area of Ibadan by a rival group led by one notorious gang leader called Biola, the leader of “One million boys”. 10. The Democratic Republic of Congo has recorded a second Ebola death in days following more than seven weeks without a new case, the World Health Organisation (WHO) said on Sunday. Boubacar Diallo, Deputy Incident Manager for the WHO’s Ebola response said the latest victim was an 11-month-old baby, who was treated at the same health centre as the previous case, a 26-year-old electrician.