One hour after President Muhammadu Buhari’s new directives, Ekiti Governor, Kayode Fayemi, Monday night, announced similar but stricter instructions to the people of the State. Just like the President’s curfew order and extension of the lockdown in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun for six days, Fayemi made the same declaration in a 9pm broadcast. He said in reviewing the State’s lockdown, government actions must be cautious, gradual, deliberate, very firm and as advised by the medical and scientific experts at the frontline. The Governor stated that there shall now be a 6pm–6am curfew daily until further notice and that no movement of vehicle or human traffic whatsoever will be allowed except for verified medical emergencies. He said the current lockdown ending today Monday has been extended for another six days until 23:59 hours on May 3 and that all conditions and exemptions remained in force. Business activities will resume for only 3 days a week (Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays) from the hours of 7am–4 pm only, to allow the self-employed earn some income to feed their families and not totally wait for government palliatives. Urging citizens to observe social distancing, hand washing and wearing of masks at all times, Fayemi said businesses must provide liquid soap and running water for hand washing while supermarkets should not have more than 10 persons at any time in their store. “Businesses that do not comply will be shut down for 6 months. Restriction of movement will be enforced 4 days a week (Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and Sundays). Only essential services including food, medical, beverages, petroleum, banks, agriculture, construction, selected media and telecommunications are exempted from the restriction. “Violators will be prosecuted and may be fined or imprisoned. All large gatherings remain banned. No religious, social, political and educational gathering will be allowed to be held in Ekiti State until the pandemic is brought under control. Any facility that violates this directive may be shut down for not less than 12 months. “All travels from and into Ekiti State are hereby banned, as all boundaries of Ekiti State will be on lockdown 24 hours daily. Only food, medical, beverages, petroleum, agriculture and construction supply trucks are exempted but they cannot have more than 3 persons per truck. Any vehicle caught in violation may be forfeited to the state and passengers prosecuted. “Wearing of face masks is now compulsory in Ekiti State. Everyone must wear a face mask when going out of the home so you don’t spread the virus to others. Residents are advised to make their own masks while the government will provide masks for essential duty workers only. “Intra city Commercial Transportation will be allowed to operate on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays from 6am–4pm only on condition that they comply with strict social distancing directives. Okadas can only carry one passenger, taxis not more than 3 passengers and tricycles not more than 2 passengers. “Any driver who violates this directive will be arrested, prosecuted and may forfeit the vehicle or cycle to the government. If mass violation occurs, commercial transportation will be completely banned indefinitely. “Interstate travel is hereby restricted. Visits to or from Ekiti State is prohibited while the pandemic subsists. Insistent visitors must be prepared to be turned back or kept in our border town quarantine centres for 14 days minimum and shall be responsible for their own upkeep”, he ordered. Fayemi warned that any private or commercial driver caught violating the directive will be arrested, prosecuted and may forfeit the vehicle to Ekiti State. The Governor, again, shut down all major markets in Ado Ekiti, the state capital, and all major markets in Local Governments Areas. He added that markets such as Oja Oba, Oja Bisi, Shasha and major LGA market days shall remain closed every day of the week.