Osun State Governor, Adegboga Oyetola, has inaugurated a Joint Taskforce to tackle the menace of illegal mining in the state, as well as kidnapping and cult activities. The security outfit, codenamed ‘Osun State Taskforce’ was inaugurated on Tuesday, as a tactical move to change the face of security architecture in the state. The governor, in his address, said the efforts would go a long way to consolidate on the achievements recorded by his administration and as well helps to retain Osun’s status as most secured and safest state in Nigeria. He maintained that security remained a catalyst to socioeconomic development, adding that his government was conscious of nipping incursion of criminal elements into the state in the bud. Oyetola noted that economic growth is only realistic in a safe environment, hence the huge investment his administration is committing to security since its inception. He said, “Today’s flag-off crystallizes our bottom-up approach to fighting crime as we have involved communities across our State to elicit inputs into our security architecture and operations. “It is also intended to consolidate our achievements and retain the status of Osun as the safest State in Nigeria. The Joint Task Force is a collaboration of the Army, the Police, the Air Force, the Department of State Service, the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps and the Immigration Service, and it shall provide operational support for Amotekun to fight cultism, kidnapping, illegal mining and other related crimes. “All these efforts are aimed at reducing the incursion of criminals into the State. “Security for us is a comprehensive initiative which includes economic, social, political and other spheres. Our social investment programmes such as employment for youths, credit facilities for our people are designed to empower them and eliminate crimes. Indeed, the inclusion of illegal mining as a component of this Joint Task Force is proof that we take our economic and industrial initiatives seriously. “There is no hiding place for men of the underworld in the State of Osun. Today’s flag-off is, therefore, a warning to them to either leave the State of Osun or face the music,” Oyetola said. “I enjoin you to work together as a team, collaborate with other security outfits and employ the spirit of esprit de corps in the discharge of your duties. Eschew all acts that can compromise your calling and effectiveness, including bribery, corruption, high-handedness and executive recklessness. “Let me admonish our people to cooperate with the Joint Task Force as they are at work in our collective interest. “Achieving security is a collective responsibility. It is a path to maintaining our status as a security conscious State, securing our people and attaining economic recovery and transformation for a sustainable, safe and prosperous Osun.” The governor, therefore, charged the officials of the taskforce to serve with the fear of God and embrace their tasks with all sense of patriotism, integrity, commitment and diligence, as he sought for total cooperation from residents of the state.