The Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, has called on the Governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, to reverse the directive that Christians be allowed to converge on churches in the state on Sunday to commemorate Easter. The group in a statement signed on Thursday by its National Publicity Secretary, Yinka Odumakin, alleged that Christian leaders in the state blackmailed the governor before acceding to their request that the ban on religious gathering in the state be temporary lifted in order for Christians to celebrate Easter. Recall that on Wednesday, Governor Akeredolu had given Christians waiver to commemorate the day while emphasizing that Easter is of huge importance in christendom. While stating that the Christian leaders ought to have emulated their counterparts in other climes who on their own canceled Easter Sunday service, the group said that there are many Easters to be celebrated in future. The statement partly read, “It has come to our attention that Arakunrin Rotimi Akeredolu has approved the conduct of Easter Servce in Ondo State churches after a meeting with Ondo State CAN. “Afenifere sees this as succumbing to blackmail from religious leaders who should know better. “We are of the view that the religious leaders on their own should have cancelled Easter Service on their own at a time that even the Pope is holding online service on palm Sunday. “Since it now appears they are the ones putting pressure on the Governor to put the health of the people in jeopardy, we call on Arakunrin Akeredolu to lead them and not to allow them to mislead him. “We were miffed when we heard that Katsina was going to allow Jumat Service on Friday in jeopardy of public health but did not think similar thing would happen in our backyard.
Mr Governor , kindly reconsider the decision. To all Christians in the state we say :you will celebrate many Easters inside church if Jesus tarries but do everything to keep yourselves alive from this pandemic currently ravaging.”