Despite Plateau State being under total lockdown following the Coronavirus pandemic, Hura village in Kwall District of Bassa LGA has been attacked by armed assailants. The State Police Command confirmed that 9 persons were killed Tuesday night when the yet to be identified gunmen attacked the community. The Police also said 22 houses, two motorcycles and two generators were destroyed by the attackers. ASP Ubah Ogaba, Spokesman of the Command disclosed this on Wednesday in Jos, the State Capital. Ogaba said, “Unknown gunmen attacked Hura village in Kwall district, killed 9 persons while 22 houses, while 2 motorcycles and two generators were burnt. “The Commissioner of Police immediately visited the community along with some very senior officers of the Command. “However, more men have been deployed to the area to ensure that the community is peaceful and calm. “The Command kindly solicits for useful information from members of the public to assist the police in arresting the perpetrators of this dastard act”, he maintained. Reacting to the attack, President of Irigwe Development Association (IDA) Sunday Abdu condemned the fresh onslaught against his people. Adding that, it was unfortunate that such wickedness could be allowed to take place in the community despite the total lockdown imposed on the people by the state government. “We woke up this morning to the cries and wailings of our people. When I inquired, they told me nine persons including a pregnant woman have again been killed by gunmen who raided Hurra village in Kwall District of Bassa Local Government Area. “Several houses have also been burnt down before the attackers left the village. “The situation is really hard to understand. Our people are on lockdown as directed by the state government and some other people who feel they can do anything and get away with it came and attacked them, killing nine of our people and setting their houses on fire. How do you explain this? He asked. Also speaking about the incident, the State Commissioner for Information and Communication, Dan Manjang, said that the government was aware of the killings in the council Area; describing the development as sad. Manjang, who blamed the killings and attacks on crisis merchants said they were fueling insecurity in the council area for personal benefits. “It is unfortunate that while the government is doing everything possible to ensure the sustenance of peace in the state, some people who were benefiting from the crisis were bent on scuttling the government’s efforts but the government will not allow them to succeed in their evil agenda. According to him, “Unless the warring parties come and tell themselves the truth, the situation will continue. “Unless those killing their fellow human beings realise that they don’t have the right to take another person’s life, the situation will continue.
“As a government, we send intelligence gathering to address the challenge but some people would go and circumvent the plans for reasons best known to them. “As it is, we have sent security operatives to the community where the attack took place and we are appealing for them to sheathe their sword and give peace a chance in the council area”, he stressed.