The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State has debunked rumour making the rounds that it has automatically given the party’s 2023 senatorial ticket in Ogun West to Gboyega Nasir Isiaka. This was disclosed by the APC Caretaker Committee’s Publicity Secretary, Hon. Tunde Oladunjoye on Monday. Recall that Isiaka contested against Gov Dapo Abiodun under the platform of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) in the March 9, 2019, governorship election in the State. However, immediately after the election, Isiaka visited Abiodun to congratulate him for his electoral victory. Earlier this year, Isiaka and some prominent politicians in Ogun State, including former Deputy Governor Salmot Badru, defected to the APC. They were received by Gov Abiodun in an elaborate event, held at Ake Palace Square, Abeokuta. Since then, there have been claims among some loyalists of Isiaka that the APC and Gov Abiodun promised Isiaka the ticket to run for Ogun West Senatorial ticket, come 2023. However, Speaking on a TVC talk show, Fireworks, Oladunjoye said there was no time the governorship candidate was promised an election ticket to join the APC. The APC Chieftain said it was not possible to start dashing out 2023 tickets when one does not know whether or not he will live till 2023. Asked, Oladunjoye said “there was no gentleman agreement between the APC and Isiaka before he joined the party.” On the rumoured 2023 senatorial ticket, Oladunjoye stated: “I laugh at the way some people think. You’re promising somebody 2023 ticket, are you sure you’re going to live till tomorrow? “It is pitiable for somebody who is not sure that he will wake up tomorrow to start thinking about 2023 and that’s the problem with do and die politics. “Even some professionals have refused to leave politics to go and practise their profession because they feel politics is the easiest way to make cheap money. I am a politician, but I’m a practising journalist. I publish, even as I speak to you. “People in politics should have a second address. Don’t put all your life on politics. How can someone sit down and be talking about 2023, are you sure you’re going to wake up tomorrow? “Gboyega Isiaka is a fine gentleman, first class brain; he has served before. When we get to thae bridge, we will cross it. Let God take control. Let’s play politics of togetherness, let’s play politics of progressiveness and leave God to take care of the future.”