Everyone wants financial freedom as well as time freedom…to Get the things they want at the right time, Eat what they actually want (not what
they see) and be at the places they wish to be at the time they wish. This is not so to many Nigerians. Apart from the fact that most do not have financial freedom, time freedom is another serious thing people battle with. Most work their time out for peanut, they work extra hour for an amount that should be considered as a chicken change. A pretty young african american business woman on laptop computer IF YOU REALLY WANT FINANCIAL AND TIME FREEDOM, YOU WANT YOUR TIME TO GET YOU THE BEST VALUE, THEN YOU NEED TO READ THIS STORY TO THE END. WHY? This is because when you finish reading my story, you will not only discover how you can independently get access to financial freedom, you will also become a ‘Time Boss’ meaning that you will now start using your time on what matters and I can assure you that…this story will change your life within the next 90days. I LOST MY 7YEARS EMPLOYMENT AT 31 My Name is Kate a former ‘worker’ at one of the top Nigerian Bank. I studied Banking and Finance at the University of Lag and graduated with a good grade. After my NYSC, Like a Normal Nigerian, I thought the next thing ahead of me was the labour market, I struggled out, went through different interviews in different companies, God so good, I found my way to one of the Top Banks in Nigeria After some months I have been struggling. Although this was not a direct employment, it was on a ‘contract level’ ( You should know what I mean)
I got my first job through an employment agency, my normal salary being slashed into two on a 50/50 Basics ( But, watin woman go do?). I BECAME A ‘FULL STAFF’ I resume work at 7:00 am and closes by 8:00 PM. I did this for sometime before I was able to get a ‘place’ at the bank, It was a good news when I became a ‘full staff’. this was like the best moment of my life. Although this does not guarantee me more salary, at least, I will start getting my full pay. I WAS EXPECTING MORE TIME FREEDOM Now being a full staff of the bank, I was expecting something more like having more freedom of my time, I understand the nature of banking Jobs but at the same time, I had worked here for over 4years ( am supposed to be a senior staff). but the reverse is the case, the timing case is even more complicated on my little salary. There are limitations to: ***The kind of places I can travel to
***The Days I can travel
***The Weekend I can use for myself
***Then the worse part of it, the time I spend with my family and friends Since over 5 years of my employment, I can count the number of days I have seen the Daylight ( Apart from some weekend when I am not on shift) This is completely out of it to me. But, there was little I could do, Since I have not gotten another Job in an oil company. I kept on struggling and looking for a better way. I BECAME DESPERATE TO GET MORE
FINANCIAL AND TIME FREEDOM I need more money in my pocket
I need more time for myself
When I told my Sister, Aunty Emmanuela that I am tired of this No time,
No Money kind of job. She asked If I have another work to do, she even reminds me of some of my friends like Kenny and Bola who have been working for 60% of what I am earning since they graduated. With Aunty Emmanuella’s response…I almost thought there will never be an alternative, I almost though the best work is what I am doing. But I never settle for less.
I still look up to a better offer. And Then, There was a Sad Day I will Never Forget  On Thursday, April 25, 2019, I got to the office as usual to start the normal activities.
I was told that I have a letter waiting for me. On getting to my desk, I met the brown envelope with my name boldly written on it.
What could this be on a Thursday? I asked myself.
When I open the letter, It was a ‘relief of duty’ I was destabilized, I didn’t know what to do. I asked for my offense but no one could answer.
Over 1,500 of us were sacked. It takes just too much courage to move on. For some months, I was just a Sad, Jobless and Valueless graduate. I tried many things, but no one worked. Because this time, I did not even have enough cash to start a great business. So, I keep on trying with what I have. HOW A 25-YEAR-OLD UNIVERSITY STUDENT INTRODUCED ME TO A FACEBOOK CASH SECRET This was the turning point for me. It was as if God send this guy after seeing all my struggle and just wanted it to come to an end for me.
Meeting the guy was like a miracle of some sort. I went for a seminar hosted by some top Nigerian Entrepreneurs at Eko hotel. This guy was seated next to me, His name is Michael and He seems very friendly, so we got talking. After talking for a while, I told him my incident with the bank and how I have been trying different things since then that never worked. ALTHOUGH, THERE WAS SOMETHING I NOTICED ABOUT HIM… He drives a nice car, smells nice and looks more chubby than his age. At first, I said to myself “this must be a yahoo…yahoo kind of a guy” But as we keep on talking, my perception about him changed completely. He asked me, So what are you doing for now? I couldn’t mention a particular thing, I was stammering. After a series of discussions… His words were amazing… this was exactly what he said “Eeeyah! that is Nigeria for you. Although with the hardship in this country, some people still get their way. They work when they like, wherever they wish and without any problem. These are people who take advantage of the Internet…Don’t worry, Thank God we met today, I will expose some online cash secrete to you before we leave here today. Even though I don’t do this, but your story got me…I have no option than to show you the way…” And I was like, this guy is just too sure of himself He talks with too much confidence.
Can he be talking about Internet Fraud? I don’t think so… He Continued… “You see, in Nigeria, we have not really been taking advantage of the internet. If actually, we know there is lots of GOLD online, we will not be running helter-skelter.
80% of the money I make today are from the Internet and most especially, Facebook.
Some years ago, I was also Just an Internet User, I did not know I could make enough money Online.
Until I came across a Training Manual on How to Make Money Online, written by a Nigerian Internet Marketer. I grab this Opportunity with my whole heart, I practice most of the formula in it until I become independent on my own.
Today, I make LEGAL money online to sponsor myself in school and do all sought of things” After Michael said all this, I could not wait for him to tell me how to get the BLUEPRINT Training Pack He was talking about, I was so eager and desperate.
I couldn’t wait for this opportunity, So I Quickly asked him if he still has a copy of the training manual he was talking about. Unfortunately, He said he has given it out to a friend…I was sad! After the Seminar, Michael Gave me the link to the Internet Marketer’s website where I can also get the Training Manual on how I can start making my income online. And since I am in desperate need of an income, I just had to go to the website and obtain the Blueprint Training Pack for N8000. Thank God The Training Pack Also Include a Step-by-Step Training Video
I make sure I work on the formula that was shared in the Training Manual at least once a day. After 15days That I have been practicing the training manual, I started seeing some amazing results… I was able to make some money without leaving my house. So I concluded in my Mind that This is a Reality and I practice it even more. Ever since I Got this BluePrint Training Manual from Michael,
I have never gone broke! Thanks to Michael and to the Blueprint Training Manual…Today, *** I also go to Places I like, Whenever I Like
*** I have enough Money in My Pocket (though I always want more)
*** I can now buy whatever I want
*** I can Travel to Anywhere I want, anytime
*** And I NOW Have a Financial Freedom
*** I Can now do other Business and still work independently online Ever since this online business worked for me, making cool cash from Social Media without Leaving my home, I decided to share my testimony in order to change the life of many people who care to listen. Till today, I have shared it with many men and women like me, Infact many of them have been able to leave their 9-6 job to become a full-time internet business guru generating good cash from their various homes. NOTE: If you also need the Blueprint Training Pack that has changed my life and helped many other people became financially independent, I will be sharing the link to the Internet Marketer’s page where you can also get access to it below. Simply Click Here or Type the Link Below on Your Browser LINK–> https://bit.ly/fbcashtraining   