Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, has appreciated workers of the state for their commitment, understanding and cooperation particularly in the fight against COVID-19. Ortom in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Tever Akase, said workers in the state have demonstrated uncommon determination and professionalism in all sectors to support the State Government in taking proactive measures to prevent the spread of the disease. He specially commended workers who are on essential duties such as health and other services for putting in extra hours daily to ensure that Benue does not have additional COVID-19 cases, after the index case. According to him, no amount of reward can adequately compensate the workers for their sacrifice to the state, and urges them to sustain that level of patriotism. He also restated the resolve of his administration to ensure that the welfare of workers especially salaries and pensions remains its priority. The Governor explained that Benue, like other states of the federation, had no option than to revise the 2020 Budget from N189 billion to N119 billion, in response to the impending global economic crisis which is estimated to contract the economy of Nigeria by 3.4%, a situation that will have an adverse impact on the states. He stressed that as a result, his administration has embarked on a number of measures to boost agriculture and increase food production. One of such steps, he says, is the recent sale of 50 tractors to Benue farmers at 60 per cent subsidy. Ortom maintained that as part of measures to mitigate the negative effect of the looming recession, the present administration has resolved to take advantage of Benue’s rich agricultural potentials, by not only producing food for consumption but also for commercial purposes. This, the Governor pointed out, was what led to the setting up of the Agriculture Value Chain, Review and Development Cooperation Committee, with him as Chairman. He, therefore, encouraged workers of the state and other Benue people to take advantage of the COVID-19 period which has forced many of them to stay at home and engage in massive farming. Speaking on the fight against coronavirus, Ortom commended the people for the level of compliance with the rules on COVID-19. He said he expects greater cooperation as the partial lockdown continues. The Governor noted that though no new case of Coronavirus has been found in Benue, it is important that the people remain vigilant and adhere to preventive measures against the pandemic such as the use of face masks, hand sanitizers, frequent handwashing and social distancing