Speaker, Oyo State House of Assembly, Adebo Ogundoyin on Monday, declared that the commitment to the task of serving the state has earned the State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde, the people’s confidence.” Ogundoyin made this declaration while reacting to the news of the second result of the Coronavirus test on Makinde which came out negative. DAILY POST recalls that Makinde had yesterday announced the result of the test which came out negative. But, Ogundoyin while speaking, insisted that the commitment of the Governor to the task of serving the state has never been in doubt and has earned him the people’s confidence. He described the news of Makinde’s recovery from Coronavirus also known as COVID-19 as the most cheering news of the year to the people of Oyo State. Ogundoyin in a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan, said the people of Oyo State woke up to the good news of Governor Seyi Makinde’s complete cure of COVID-19 on Monday, having tested negative twice to the virus after receiving treatment. He noted that the prayers of the people of Oyo State who trusted Makinde with their mandate had been answered by God with his recovery from the virus. “The miraculous healing of our dear Governor is a prayer answered and a manifestation of the fact that the seed of good governance sowed by God in the state will be nurtured to fruition by His grace. We are happy in Oyo State that our hope has been restored and that our Government has not been put to shame” While congratulating the Governor on his cure, Ogundoyin used the medium to pray for the speedy recovery of other Nigerians in various isolation centers across the country. He commended the COVID-19 Task Force established by the State Government for the various measures put in place to contain the spread of the pandemic and urged residents of the State to always observe all precautionary measures announced by health professionals. “Let us wash our hands regularly, maintain proper hygiene, use hand sanitizers and observe social distance to avoid contracting Coronavirus. It is a good thing now that Governor Makinde will again resume work as the head of COVID-19 Task Force in Oyo State. Our prayers and supports are with you at all times. “Your commitment to the task of serving our dear State has never been in doubt and that has earned you the people’s confidence”.