The police in Ogun State have arrested an herbalist, Lajuwon Ogunleye, his wife, Adetutu Apalaya and one Fatai Sefiu, for alleged conspiracy and murder of a seven-year-old boy, Pelumi Apalaya, for ritual purpose. The Ogun State Police Public Relations man, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed the arrest on Saturday. Oyeyemi said the suspects were arrested on April 22. According to him, the suspects were arrested following information received by the police at Abigi Divisional Headquarters, Ogun Waterside Local Government Area of the state, that the boy, without any sign of sickness, suddenly slumped and died; a development, DAILY POST learnt, aroused the suspicion of people around that the boy might have been used for ritual. “Upon their suspicion, the people around started monitoring the herbalist, who incidentally happened to be the step-father of the deceased boy and his wife who is the mother of the boy,” Oyeyemi said. Unknown to them, Oyeyemi informed that the couple were monitored by local to the bush, where he said they took the victim to for burial in company of the third suspect, who is a friend to the herbalist. It was gathered that the people saw where the boy was “buried in an upright position after removing some parts from his corpse,” causing them to inform the police. DAILY POST reports that the DPO Abigi division, SP Tarkighir Joseph, had led his men to the bush in Iwopin area of Ogun Waterside, where the suspects were promptly arrested “They led policemen to where the victim was buried and it was discovered that the deceased was buried in standing position. On interrogation, the third suspect, Fatai Sefiu, had reportedly told the detectives that the boy was actually used for ritual by the couple. He disclosed that the couple had concluded plans to use their son for rituals before he was co-opted into the deal. “The mother of the victim Adetutu Apalaya who first denied having knowledge of her husband plan to use her son for ritual was dumbfounded when asked whether or not she followed them to the bush where her son was buried and the mode of burial of the boy,” he said. Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, CP Kenneth Ebrimson, has ordered the immediate transfer of the case to homicide section of the state criminal investigation and intelligence department for further investigation and prosecution.