Words have been sent to Jigawa federal lawmakers on the plight of their people as the lockdown lingers. The State government last week extended the lockdown by 14 days, amidst complaints of palliatives shortage. In a message sent to DAILY POST on Monday, a resident, Amir Muhammad of Harbo of Jahun LGA, said he initiated the correspondence relying on his rights and freedom guaranteed by the constitution. “Please look at the rate of death in our neighboring state, Kano. Very scary and touching! You must as a matter of duty stand against this silence and break it with even little palliatives. It will help”, the author begged. He reminded the Senators and the House of Representatives members that they were in the National Assembly because the people gave them the mandate. Noting that they owed the people adequate representation and goodwill, Muhammad noted that “some of these duties are to protect our interests and and to save our lives, precisely at this trying time”. He lamented that due to COVID-19, “people are suffering, from starvation to others. How do you expect the worst now without the source of any livelihood sirs? So, they need basic survival subsistence to live their life normal and decent.” “You all know that the perversity of poverty is many, and this debilitating burden on any human being is ravaging, discouraging, and life-threatening for anyone who experiences extreme and object poverty. “Many states have been in lockdown for some weeks. The same thing with some parts of my dear state – Jigawa. In some of them, Kaduna and Lagos for example, their representatives have tried so much specifically in helping the poor. We hope you will emulate them. “We voted you, we implore you to use your good offices to make clear representations of us either on the floor of the house or using your own resources (as Muslims) to help the poor, so that we (Jigawians) will not be caged by hunger. “Dear Sirs, please implement these changes so that no family live every day of their lives in deplorable conditions especially at this Ramadan time plus lockdown. Helping the poor is paramount”, Amir Muhammad stressed.