Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Wednesday, said the state will open the state secretariat for workers to resume on April 20. Makinde made this declaration during a briefing after a meeting of the State’s COVID-19 Task Force, held at the Government House, Agodi, Ibadan. DAILY POST reported that Makinde had earlier urged workers in the state to stay off work for two weeks, as part of efforts to reduce the spread of Coronavirus also known as COVID- 19 in the state. Makinde, however, on Wednesday, said that the workers would not resume until the secretariat is fumigated, which will take place between April 13 and 15. He said that the workers would resume after arrangement has been made to decontaminate the state secretariat. “We have made arrangements to decontaminate the Oyo State Secretariat and this will take place next week; between Monday, April 13 and Wednesday, April 15. Thereafter, the secretariat will be opened on Monday, April 20. “The team in charge of the decontamination is sending letters to religious leaders, traditional rulers, private organisations to decontaminate their facilities, using standardised contaminants. We are also considering rapid testing, two additional centres to enable us map behaviour of the virus as far as the state is concerned. “The NCDC protocol is being followed at the approved virology laboratory in UCH. For those two additional centres, they discussed a protocol to be followed and I believe the experts are working on that. Once we have alignment on the protocol to be followed, we will roll this out, and our aspiration to test up to 10,000 people in Oyo State within the shortest possible time will be realized. The modelling of the state epidemiologist will help us decide the next step regarding the curfew and reopening of schools. “We are looking at local solutions. I know that a lot of people have been calling me all sorts of names on social media but, from my experience, one thing that I know you have to do to conquer the virus is that you have to boost your immunity. We do have local solutions and, of course, we have to defer to experts’ opinion as part of the home-grown solution to deal with COVID-19. “People may ask if we have been funding the research institutes very well. They may even ask if we are in a position to bring any kind of solution to the world. My answer is yes. Even chewing, something like bitter-kola. When the Western world is having the season, they have flu shots. But here, we have things like catarrh. When we are crossing over from dry season to rainy season, people almost always fall sick. Cold, cough, catarrh, we have ways of dealing with all of these locally. “So, except a solution comes from the Western or Eastern world, I won’t say that we cannot deal with it. I believe we have the capacity. We have the intellect to look at things that work locally and we will keep encouraging that. We have the capacity to also validate some of the results that we are going to be getting. “They did clinical trials for chloroquine and some other medications but these are things we take normally here. So, we are not ruling out a local solution to this pandemic.” Makinde maintained that the state would begin the distribution of palliatives within the next one week, stating, however, that the palliatives will target the poorest of the poor. “We will roll out palliatives for the poorest of the poor within the next one week. We are also working on a law to make the wearing of facemasks in public compulsory as one of the measures to slow down the spread of the virus. I know that, sometimes, it may not be comfortable but if we have to go through the discomfort to slow down the virus from spreading, we will make laws to ensure this is done. “I would like to appreciate all those who have donated to the state’s Endowment Fund for COVID-19. We were told in the meeting by the Commissioner for Finance that we have realised close to 200 million Naira and people are still donating. We have gone round this afternoon to check on the food items that have been donated. “So, I want to use this opportunity to thank everyone that has given us support and pitched in to help us fight this pandemic. And for those who are yet to donate or support us, this is an opportunity to do so. On behalf of the government and the people of Oyo State, I say thank you once again. And I also thank those who are thinking about it and yet to bring their support, because I know they will eventually do the needful.”