The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, says Nigeria’s high number of new coronavirus cases was a result of community transmission. He spoke at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 press briefing on Friday. The minister also revealed the ages that are mostly affected by the disease. He said: “From our test statistics, the most affected age group among the positives is 31-40 years, while the highest COVID-19 fatality rate is among the older generation above 50 years of age.” Ehanire disclose that COVID-19 starter packs have been dispatched to o all tertiary institutions and Federal Medical Centres, to complement what was earlier sent to each State. The starter packs consist of medical consumables and disposables, to ensure that our frontline healthcare workers are protected. He added that the COVID-19 capable national laboratory network led by NCDC has the capacity to test over 1,500 samples per day in 13 laboratories, but that the present utilization is barely 50%, since Nigeria tests 600 samples daily. The minister said efforts were on to increase the number of functional laboratories and that those who require no treatment still need to be in Isolation in the interest of the public and your household. Ehanire recommended the use of cloth mask for people leaving their homes. He appealed to Nigerians to take the advisories daily given and that all non-essential travel should stop. ”Today, we join the rest of the world to commemorate World Immunization Week. The theme for this year is ‘Vaccines Work for all’ and it is dedicated to promoting the use of vaccines to protect people of all ages against diseases and death. While waiting for the vaccine for COVID-19, let us collectively adhere to the public health advisories. “Finally, let me emphasize again that, to defeat the spread of COVID-19 requires collective and individual efforts. If you suspect you have been exposed to COVID-19 or anyone around you has been, call the toll-free NCDC number 112 or 0800 9700 0010. “Resources and real-time information on COVID-19 can be found on the social media handles of FMoH and NCDC, the FMoH website and the NCDC COVID-19 microsite covid19.ncdc.gov.ng. Stay home, stay safe, and take precautions,” Ehanire added.