The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu has claimed that the Presidential Villa is now being run by the Chinese Civil Engineering Construction Company, CCECC. Nnamdi Kanu stated this in reaction to a recent revelation by Nigeria’s Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, that the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government did not invite the Chinese doctors who came into the country last Wednesday to help with the fight against Coronavirus (COVID-19). Ehanire made the remark during an appearance on Channels TV’s News at 10 on Saturday. DAILY POST recalls that a 15-man COVID-19 medical team was invited to assist Nigeria in efforts to contain the pandemic. “I think in the first place we didn’t bring them in, and I think China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) in its own wisdom and probably in its own corporate social responsibility thought they should bring people in to come and help us and give advice,” the Minister had said. Kanu wondered how a foreign company had such authority to bring in their doctors into the country at a critical time like this and the Minister was not ashamed to say it on air. He noted that the same Chinese people that were busy humiliating Nigerians and other black Africans in their country were now the people running the government of Nigeria. “What we knew happened has now been confirmed. A government of scammers, forgers and fraudsters have been caught in their own web of lies. Confusion upon confusion, lies upon lies, deceit upon deceit, fraud upon fraud, impunity upon impunity,” Kanu wrote on Facebook. “Shamefully the Minister of Health has confirmed that a common Chinese Company based in Abuja are the people effectively in charge of their COVID-19 response and strategy which means the same Chinese people that are busy humiliating black Africans in their country are now the people running the government of Nigeria as I have always maintained. “Nigeria was formed by a British business venture by the name Royal Niger Company and today its dismemberment is being presided over by another business entity this time around the Chinese owned China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC). “Its Executive Director Jacques Liao is the one now firmly in charge of the government of Nigeria in the absence of Abba Kyari and the rest of the Fulani looters. “Nigeria started as a business and has ended as a business enterprise. Funny enough it was from this same China that Frederick Luggard was recalled back to England and given the order to head to West Africa to take over the fledgling colony from Royal Niger Company. “Ironically it is also from the same China that another company CCECC has been mandated to preside over the end of Nigeria. Full cycle of life completed for the animal kingdom,” he wrote.