Dr Haliru Yahaya Ndanusa, Chairman Kwara State steering committee on palliative, Wednesday, expressed the readiness of the state government to commence distribution of relief materials to cushion the effects of the ongoing restrictions order on movement of people to curtail the spread of COVID-19 pandemic in the state. Haliru, who is also the Emir of Shonga, stated at a press briefing in Ilorin,that the government directed the setting up of a steering committee on palliative. He said the committee, an offshoot of the larger Kwara State technical committee on COVID-19, was mandated to draw up the modalities for and supervise the distribution of the materials from the government and well meaning members of the society who have donated to the humanitarian cause. “This measure, is government’s way of showing good faith and affection to the people who have been asked to stay at home on safety grounds. “The committee, therefore, urges the well-heeled in the society to help the needy at this time” while commending “all those who have donated to the government or are supporting the poor in their own way,” he stated. Dr Haliru further explained that “because of limited resources, the committee has given priority at this time to limited categories of our people considered to be very poor and worst hit by the sit at home directive. “They are the aged, physically challenged, women widows and widowers who are sole breadwinners of their families, artisans who are dependent on daily earnings and any other category that the committee deems fit. “To enable seamless distribution and ensure maximum coverage of the targeted beneficiaries, the distribution will be carried out at the ward levels. “Accordingly, each of the 16 local governments and 193 wards in the state are hereby required to set up an implementation committee respectively comprising a representative each of the most senior traditional authority in the local government and ward, the most senior religious authority in the local government and ward, two representatives of the community based organisations in the local government and in the wards.” The chairman added ” we are projecting to start distribution from this weekend. It is expected that the DPMs in all the 16 local governments shall liaise with the palliative committee on the movement of the items to their respective local governments,” just as the Road Transport Workers Association,and the National Union of Road Transport Workers have volunteered to transport the food items free of charge.