Barely 24 hours after a member of staff of the Nigerian Television Authority, NTA, was brutalized by soldiers in Ondo State, a Medical Doctor who was on official duty has suffered the same fate. The Medical Doctor, identified as Dr. Adeyemi Osowe was on Thursday assaulted by men of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC, who were enforcing the curfew imposed on the State by Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. Dr. Osowe, who is the Public Relations Officer, PRO, of the Nigeria Medical Association, NMA, Ondo State Branch, described the action of the security agents as barbaric and crude. He disclosed that despite introducing himself as a doctor on official duty, they insisted that he was not supposed to be on the road. While urging Governor Akeredolu to call them to order, he said that he was molested and treated like a leper at Shoprite Junction and Kaloja junction in Akure metropolis. Osowe, who narrated his ordeal said, “this evening, I was molested and treated like a leper by SARs officers and Civil Defence officers at Shoprite Junction and Kaloja junction in Akure metropolis, respectively. “I think Mr Governor (Arakunrin Rotimi Akeredolu) should address this issue squarely. I don’t know if it is a crime to be a Medical Doctor during this period, after all a Consultant Gynaecologist and Obstetrician died yesterday in Lagos, after contracting Coronavirus while trying to save other people’s life. I never knew it is a crime, to introduce myself as a Doctor with my Identity cards shown to them. “Honestly, we have a crop of uneducated, uncivilized, uncultured and very arrogant SARS and Civil Defence Officers in Ondo State. “This will never be the end to this molestation, it happened yesterday to a Doctor in Owo, while he was going to the Federal Medical Centre to review a patient. “He was severely battered and tortured, even after introducing himself, this happened to me today. In spite of the fact that I even introduced myself as a Medical Doctor and the PRO of NMA in Ondo State. “This is just uncalled for, the Commissioner of Police in Ondo, as well as the Commandant of Civil Defence Corps should call their men to order”. Meanwhile, it was gathered that when Governor Akeredolu heard about the situation, he contacted the leadership of NMA in the state with the assurance of looking into the issue.