President Muhammadu Buhari and the governors of the 36 states of the federation have been warned against any decision to extend the COVID-19 lockdown. A senior lawyer and the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq, gave the warning in a chat with DAILY POST on Saturday, adding that further extension of the lockdown may cause the citizens to revolt. The senior lawyer noted that the government’s palliatives are not well structured to satisfy the needs of an average Nigerian, adding that it is therefore illogical and will be counterproductive to further extend the lockdown. “It’s never in doubt that the stay at home directives, by President Buhari and the Governors, are for the benefit of the citizens. COVID-19 is obviously deadly. Prevention is actually the best way to halt the spread,” Bamgbose said. “However, further extension of the lockdown may cause the citizens to revolt. The hardship is becoming unbearable. Lives have been lost. “The palliatives are not well structured to satisfy the needs of an average Nigerian. It’s therefore illogical and will be counterproductive to further extend the lockdown. The unemployed are badly hit. “The average Nigerian is passing through excruciating pains. It’s time to set the people free. “In a society, where we have about 90 million people that are living in abject poverty, further extension may lead to civil disobedience, which the government may not be able to contend with. “I foresee anarchy, total breakdown of law and order, should there be any further extension. “Our leaders should be urged not to push the poor masses to the wall. The consequences of such could be fatal. “Other measures could be taken to curb the spread, rather than the total lockdown which is badly affecting our National economy and personal economy. “The borders can remain closed and limited flights should be allowed, as measures to tackle the pandemic. “More enlightenment on the issue of constant washing of hands and prompt check-up in case symptoms are noticed by anyone. “In essence other positive measures should be introduced than the total lockdown, which is an ill wind, blowing no one any good. Anarchy looms if the ‘imprisonment’ continues.”