The Federal Government of Nigeria has said that the success recorded in the fight to reduce the spread of COVID-19, will determine when the lockdown would be relaxed. President Muhammadu Buhari had on Monday, extended the initial two-week stay-at-home order by another 14 days. The chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 and Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, speaking during Friday’s briefing, urged Nigerians to collaborate with the government in the effort to achieve success in the war. “Ladies and gentlemen, this is a long-term effort and we should exercise patience as we gradually walk out of danger, reopen our society and her economic life. This virus has no vaccine. Success will mean a return to normalcy and we can only claim victory when: “Cases are no longer increasing; we have no unknown sources for cases; deaths are no longer increasing; more admissions are discharged. The only path to these is your full collaboration and compliance. “The PTF has continued to present daily situation reports to Nigerians and we thank you for your involvement and attention. The objective is to engage with you, eliminate misinformation, rumours, fake news etc. “One month down the line, the PTF has worked in close concert with the international community, the private sector and all Nigerians but so much more remain to be accomplished. As we have always told you, this is a war with a vicious enemy and our goal is to ultimately flatten the curve. “To achieve this ultimate objective, therefore, (i.e flatten the curve of infection) the PTF craves the full understanding and cooperation of Nigerians. “We, therefore, continue to appeal to all our citizens to obey the orders to stay at home and respect the advisories on personal hygiene, social distancing, report symptoms to the nearest appropriate medical facility, stay at home and go into isolation for the sake of your loved ones and the society. This appeal can never be over emphasised,” Mustapha said.