The Akwa Ibom State Police Command said out of 126 defaulters of Quarantine and Movement Restriction Order across the three senatorial districts of the state, about 119 have been convicted in the special courts between Monday 20th and Friday 24th April. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, CSP Nnudam Federick in a statement on Friday added that since the inception of the total lockdown order in the state, 385 motor vehicles, 336 tricycles, and 474 motorcycles have so far been impounded. He said the Commissioner of Police, CP Imohimi Edgal urged people of the State to comply strictly with the provisions of the Quarantine and Restriction of Movement Regulations for their best interest noting that land and water borders at Ogoni head bridge, Iwukem/Azumini, Odoro Ikpe/Arochukwu, Calabar/Itu, Ikot Ekpene/Umuahia, Nto Edino/Aba Road, Ibaka/Cameroon waterways, Oron/Calabar and Ikot Abasi have remained shut. He said the borders are being closely monitored and policed by the security agencies to curtail the movement of persons into the State. The statement reads: ”the Chairman, Enforcement Committee of the Quarantine and Restriction of Movement Regulations, 2020, CP. IMOHIMI EDGAL in collaboration with other security agencies in the state has been effectively enforcing the lockdown order of the State in the interest of the people and the general public. The Commissioner of Police wishes to inform the public that all the state land and water borders at Ogoni head bridge, Iwukem/Azumini, Odoro Ikpe/Arochukwu, Calabar/Itu, Ikot Ekpene/Umuahia, Nto Edino/Aba Road, Ibaka/Cameroon waterways, Oron/Calabar and Ikot Abasi have remained shut and are being closely monitored and policed by the security agencies to curtail the movement of persons into the State, while the State medical teams stationed at the various borders have maintained medical checks on persons on essential duties before entering the State. The Commissioner of Police also confirms that since the commencement of the lockdown of the State, three hundred and eighty-five (385) motor vehicles, three hundred and thirty-six (336) tricycles and four hundred and seventy-four (474) motorcycles have been impounded, and following the establishment and inauguration of the special courts in the three (3) Senatorial Districts by the State Government, one hundred and twenty-six (126) defaulters have been arrested and arraigned in the special courts between Monday 20th and Friday 24th April 2020. One hundred and nineteen (119) convictions have so far been recorded. Details of the above are provided in the chart attached hereto. “In the light of the foregoing, the Commissioner of Police enjoined the people of the State to comply strictly with the provisions of the Quarantine and Restriction of Movement Regulations as it is in the best interest of the state.”