Unknown gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen attacked Kikwari village in Kajuru local government area of Kaduna State at the weekend, killed three persons and carted away livestock and foodstuff. DAILY POST reports that this was revealed by the Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, SOKAPU. Making the revelation in a press statement signed by the National Public Relations of the Union, Mr Luka Binniyat, the group said the attackers also burnt down the village. The statement explained that those killed are Ado Maisamari, 56, who was married with eight children; Titus Amos, 27, married with three children and Habila Amos, 25 married with a child. It lamented the inability of the security agencies to bring the murderers to book, adding that the killers dressed in military uniforms were yet to be arrested but still roaming the street free. The statement further explained that besides the killing of three Adara youths, no fewer than 12 Adara youths were also taken away, while few managed to escape. The statement said, “The youths had coordinated themselves into a vigilante group to pursue the herdsmen that had unleashed destruction and deaths on Kujeni village when they came under the surprise attack of the armed uniformed men who also had herdsmen among them.” According to SOKAPU, some of the missing persons are Bako Machu, Isaiah Bako,Timothy Musa, Hakuri Maigid, Apolo Ali, Emmanuel Maikasa, Haruna Dogo,Titus Ahmadu, Caleb Bakinpa, Tanimu Ami, Samuel Usman and Maigida Gamashewa. The statement noted that while searching for the missing youths, the phone number of one of them was called and it was answered by a Fulani man, stressing that in a sarcastic response the man said that some Adara youths have been captured by them. He told the callers that they should meet them in the forest to collect the youths, while subsequent calls to the number have not been connecting. SOKAPU called on the Kaduna States and the federal governments to intensify search for the missing young men to reduce the mounting tension in the communities. In the same vein, on Saturday, 25th April, 2020, the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr Samuel Aruwan, convened a meeting of critical stakeholders in Kajuru local government area (LGA) and reiterated the resolve of Governor Nasir Ahmad el-Rufai to deal decisively with persons or groups engaging in violence. Apart from warning against what he considered ‘self-help’, he insisted that communities that come under attack must report to the police and not take the laws into their hands.