The Ondo State Government has ordered the closure of all borders that serve as entry points into the state. The directive, which was given on Wednesday evening, was part of measure to secure the state from spread of the raging coronavirus, also known as COVID-19. Also residents of the state were enjoined to embark on a 3-day fast by seeking the face of God in the fight against the deadly virus, as well as God’s grace over the state. According to the Ondo State Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo in a press statement made available to DAILY POST, the directive takes effect from 6.­00 pm on Thursday, 2nd April, 2020. The statement read, “having observed the trend in respect of COVID-19 and the pos­sibility of its unde­terminable spread, the Government of Ondo State has ordered the closure of its borders with the neig­hbouring states of Ekiti, Osun, Ko­gi, Edo and Elefon, our coastal border with Ogun which in the recent past, has witnessed heavy human traffic from Lagos and Ogun. “This order prohibits inter-state travels into the state and takes effect from 6.­00 pm on Thursday, 2nd April, 2020. Secu­rity operatives as well as monitoring te­ams have been put on the alert to enforce this order as part of measures already taken to stem COVID­-19 incursion into Ondo State.” Ojogo added that, “to His Glory, Ondo State has remained one of the states in the country without a single confirmed ca­se of COVID-19. This is an uncommon Grace Government and ind­eed, the people must not take for grante­d. “As a way of thanking God and seeking His face for this immea­surable Grace and co­ntinuous Favour, Gov­ernment hereby decla­res a 3-day period of fasting and prayers commencing from Th­ursday, 2nd to Satur­day, 4th April for Ondo State and the co­untry at large. “Government therefore, urges the good peo­ple of Ondo State to use this period to stand firm in prayers and remain inexora­ble in His praise as mankind faces this pandemic.” Meanwhile, Ondo State is the only state among the six south west states that is yet to record any positive case of the coronavirus disease.