Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, says his administration has commenced sharing of food and money to residents amid the coronavirus crisis. Sanwo-Olu, the Incident Commander, revealed beneficiaries being targeted in the scheme. This was contained in his ‘Seventh Update’ on Lagos government efforts, made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday. Sanwo-Olu said: “In my address to you last week, I announced the commencement of a new set of palliative measures, in addition to all the existing ones. “The new measures include the following: Our Daily “Food Kitchen” program to feed 100,000 youths daily.” The governor confirmed the distribution of dry food relief items “to critical community stakeholders. including but not limited to religious and ethnic groups and associations; market associations, tertiary institutions (both state and federal); and all political parties in the state.” “A cash transfer scheme for our most indigent citizens, using data from our various social registers is currently on-going, he said “There is a three-month interest repayment moratorium on all government loan programs. “I am pleased to let you know that all of these are going on as promised. The Daily Food Kitchen for youths and the distribution of food items to critical community stakeholders’ groups are all going on without any hitch.” On security, the governor assured that the situation had improved considerably. Sanwo-Olu said he was in constant contact with all security agencies and warned that Lagos will not succumb to the antics of hoodlums and bandits who seek to take advantage of these challenging times. “Our people must be able to go to bed with both eyes closed; every law-abiding citizen must continue to enjoy the guarantee of safety in their homes and neighbourhoods. “But as for criminal elements, there will be no rest for you. As I said in my last address, there is no room whatsoever in Lagos State for criminality of any kind. “The patrols and shows-of-force will continue, the arrests will continue, and all suspects will duly be charged to court.” The governor further thanked the Deputy Inspector General of Police, DIG Peter Ogunyanwo, in charge of the Special Intervention Squad deployed in Lagos and Ogun States, the Nigerian military, Intelligence Services, Civil Defence Corps, Lagos State Neighborhood Watch, and private security agencies. 