General Abdullahi B. Mamman (retd.), the Etsu Nyaba Chiefdom in Niger State, has described the death of Abba Kyari, former Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari as a colossal loss that has robbed the nation of a foremost patriot, a statesman, and an organizational icon. In a statement on Monday, Mamman commiserated with the President and Kyari’s immediate family. He said, “The death of this illustrious, patriotic and a stabilizing administrator is quite devastating and has robbed the nation the service of a gentleman and a foremost patriot whose contributions have largely assisted the Federal Government in implementing the policies and programs of the Buhari Administration. Mamman also stated that the loss of Kyari became more painful at a time the Administration was working so hard to better the lots of the people and rid the nation of the deadly COVID-19 pandemic. “There is no doubting that with his passage, the President has personally lost an age-long ally and a confidant whose contributions in the years he served the nation enormously impacted the workings of government and deepened good and impactful governance as championed by the Buhari administration.” “Weighing in on his life in private and public service, Mallam Abba Kyari will be remembered for his staggering loyalty to the nation and his principal and he has set a template for friendship and patriotism in national service which for long will be imbibed as an enviable legacy for successive generations,” Mamman said. The erstwhile Minister of Internal Affairs, therefore, charged President Muhammadu Buhari, wife and the children of the departed to take solace in the selfless life to service and peerless loyalty the departed accorded the nation and the President. He prayed that the soul of the late presidential aide finds eternal rest. He also commiserated with the Government and people of Borno State, urging them to take solace in God and be proud of the sterling and unique performance Kyari brought to bear on governance. “The late Mallam Abba Kyari indisputably left behind a footprint of impeccable character and indelible integrity which should be a pride to his immediate family, Borno State and Mr. President. “While praying for the repose of the soul of this astute technocrat and sagacious public administrator, it is our prayers that the almighty Allah comfort the President and guide him in the right direction as he continues to lead our nation. “I pray that the almighty Allah strengthens the wife, children and loved ones of Mallam Abba Kyari at this very depressing moment.”