Suspected killers of Olufunke Olakunri, daughter of Afenifere Leader, Pa Reuben Fasoranti were on Friday remanded at Owo correctional centre by a Magistrate court sitting in Akure, Ondo State. The suspects are: Muhammed Shehu, 26, Mazaje Lawal, 40, Adamu Adamu, 60 and Awalu Abubakar, 25. They were arraigned on a four-count charge of felony, conspiracy to murder and kidnapping. The suspects were said to have been involved in the killing of late Mrs.Olakunri in July, 2019  The four-count charge read, “that Mohammed Shehu, Mazaje Lawal, Adamu Adamu, and Awalu Abubakar and others now at large on or before the 12th day of July 2019 at about 0900hrs at Tollgate along Ore/Ijebu Ode Expressway, within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court did conspire together to commit felony to wit: Murder and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 516 Of Criminal Code, Cap 37; Vol. I, Laws of Ondo State 2006. “That Mohammed Shehu, Mazaje Lawal, Adamu Adamu, and Awalu Abubakar and others now at large on or before the 12th day of July 2019 at about 0900hrs st Tollgate along Ore/Ijebu Ode Expressway, within the jurisdiction of this Honorable Court did murder one Olufunke Olakunrin (Nee Fasoranti) ‘f’ aged 58-year contrary to and punishable under Section 316 of the Criminal Code, Cap 37, Vol. 1, Laws of Ondo State of Nigeria, 2006. “That you Mohammed Shehu, Mazaje Lawal, Adamu Adamu, and Awalu Abubakar and others now at large on or before the 12th day of July 2019 at Honorable Court did kidnap one Gerald Igboayaka and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 3(ii) (b) of the Ondo State Anti-Kidnapping and Anti-Abduction Law, 2010”  However, the four defendants who had no representation in Court pleaded not guilty to all the charges pressed against them. After their arraignment, the accused persons were remanded at the Owo Correctional Facility due to the overcrowding of the Olokuta medium correctional centre in Akure, the state capital. Meanwhile, before they were moved out of the court, officials of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control were on hand to test the suspects for COVID- 19. Briefing reporters, the state Attorney General, said the court lacks jurisdiction to entertain the case. He said it is the High Court of Justice that has the power to attend to the case pending the advice of the Director of Public Prosecution. The trial judge, Victoria Bob- Manuel, ordered that the suspects be remanded at the Owo correctional centre.