A forum of All Progressives Congress, APC, House of Assembly candidates in the South-East during the 2019 elections has commended the efforts of the Federal Government towards curtailing the spread of the coronavirus pandemic. Nigeria currently has over 300 cases, with the virus now in at least 18 States of the Country. In an open letter to President Muhammadu Buhari, signed by the group’s leaders, Afam Ezenwafor, Chairman and George Ugwuja, secretary, they said the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, had made remarkable coordination efforts. The Forum, while hailing President Buhari’s government, urged that the South-East zone should be made beneficiaries of all the interventions being rolled out to cushion the effect of lockdown order on the people. They told Buhari in the letter: “We want to use this opportunity to commend your effort and your show of leadership in the handling of the COVID-19 outbreak in Nigeria. The competency of your team has given us hope and courage to stand in solidarity with your administration. “According to the UN Secretary General, ‘This above all, a human crisis that calls for solidarity’; it is indeed with respect to this that we declare total support to your leadership and hope that our dear country will use this trying times in our history to strengthen our unity in the defeat of Coronavirus. “Conference of 2019 South East All Progressives Congress (APC) House of Assembly candidates is a body of all the House of Assembly candidates of the All Progressives Congress in the South Eastern States. “We are currently utilizing our grassroots structures to scale-up passage of awareness and preventive tips across our constituencies in making sure that even the most remote communities which are homes to significant populations receive necessary information to mitigate Coronavirus infections and to avoid spreading fake news. “The actions of Nigeria Centre for Disease Control in continuing to coordinate response activities and strengthening preparedness across states nationwide and the ongoing contact tracing to identify all persons who have been in contact with the new confirmed cases is commendable. We also thank you for inaugurating the presidential task force on COVID-19. The momentum so far shows that we will win this fight. “We extend our good wishes to those diagnosed to have coronavirus, more especially those that were infected while delivering on their national and state assignments. We stand in solidarity with you all. “It is our humble wish that the South Eastern States will continue to receive support and equal interventions from the federal government to enable our states confront and conquer this pandemic, more especially the ongoing cash transfer programs for the poor.”