Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State says the state has discharged three (3) more Coronavirus patients. DAILY POST gathered that the state has eleven cases of Coronavirus. Our correspondent recalls that Makinde and the Chief Medical Director of University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan, Professor Jesse Otegbayo who had earlier tested positive were discharged after they tested negative twice to Coronavirus. However, Makinde on Friday revealed that three more patients have also been discharged in Ibadan, the state capital after they again tested negative for the disease. He said the three patients were discharged on Thursday. Makinde in his official Twitter handle monitored by DAILY POST on Friday, said all measures have been put in place by the state government to prevent the spread of COVID-19. The total number of people who have been discharged in the state is now five (5). The number of the active cases in the state is now six (6). Makinde said, “Yesterday, three confirmed COVID-19 patients were discharged after receiving their second negative test results. This brings the number of discharged cases in Oyo State to five. So, there are currently six active cases. “All measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in Oyo State, remain in place. “These include the dusk to dawn curfew (7 PM to 6 AM); no gatherings of more than ten people to be held anywhere in the state and the closure of all markets except those selling perishable food items. Makinde while speaking further said inter-state transportation into and out of the state remains suspended except vehicles carrying food items, medical, pharmaceutical and petroleum products. He advised people to keep following the directives of the Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force. “Also, inter-state transportation into and out of the state remains suspended except vehicles carrying food items, medical, pharmaceutical and petroleum products. “Please, keep following the directives of the Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force. Wash your hands with soap and water or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer, regularly. Also, continue to maintain social distancing”