The All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), on Thursday, donated the sum of three million naira (N3M) to the Anambra State COVID-19 Trust Fund in support of the state government’s fight against the spread of coronavirus in the state. The APGA National Chairman, Ozonkpu Victor Ike Oye, made this known in a press release made available to DAILY POST. He explained that the donation was borne out of his personal support for Governor Willie Obiano’s proactive approach toward safeguarding the life and property of Ndi Anambra in this time of the global pandemic. Oye said that APGA had joined in complementary and collaborative efforts with the government of Anambra State through the launch of ‘APGA Fights COVID-19’ initiative which saw APGA stakeholders pooling resources to ensure that the Ndi Anambra, especially the indigent are provided with free protective materials and food items which will be shared to the 326 political wards of the state, including orphanages and disabled persons. According to the Party chieftain, “APGA is a caring political party. It is during desperate times like this that the true meaning of our party’s slogan of being our brothers’ and sisters’ keeper (onye aghana nwanne ya) becomes evident”. “I have followed the activities of some of our members across all the states and I am happy that they have been donating both cash, food items and medical supplies to their local communities. We will continue to do more for the people collectively and individually”, Oye said. The APGA National Chairman however, prayed God to heal our nation and the world of this perilous virus threatening the entire humanity. Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said the National Assembly should scrutinise the N500 billion proposed by the President Muhammadu Buhari government as an intervention fund against COVID-19. The call was made in a statement issued by the PDP National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan. PDP stated that it was important for the lawmakers to ensure that the fund got to the desired targets. It advised them to examine the expenditure layout, put adequate clauses to eliminate diversion and ensure prudence. The PDP spokesperson cited the allegations of diversion of funds in the recent disbursement of N20,000 social palliatives. It urged the legislature to demand full details of how the N500bn would be spent to fight coronavirus.