Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Saturday, declared that the state has discharged another Coronavirus patient. Makinde said that the patient was discharged after testing negative twice. Makinde made these revelations via his verified Twitter handle. He also disclosed that the number of active cases in the state is now four as one of the patients requested to be transferred to Lagos State. He said, “One confirmed COVID-19 patient was discharged after receiving their second negative test result. This brings the number of discharged cases in Oyo State to six. Another confirmed case requested a transfer to Lagos. So, there are currently four active cases in the state.” Makinde, who doubles as the chairman of the state Covid-19 Taskforce, said the state has received donations from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control and a citizen initiative led by Mrs Ibikun Awosika. He said “We received a donation of 2,000 test kits from The Citizen for Citizen Initiative led by Mrs Ibukun Awosika. This will be used in our planned drive-through and walk-through tests from next week. We are grateful to the Citizen for Citizen Initiative. “We also received donations of funds from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control as well as medical supplies from IRASA Clothing Company. “Let me also use this opportunity to thank Chicken Republic, Dominos Pizza and all other organisations and individuals who have supported the state’s effort in preventing the spread of COVID-19 through donations in cash and kind. “Please, keep following the directives of the Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force. Wash your hands with soap and water or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer, regularly. Also, continue to maintain social distancing.” DAILY POST gathered that Oyo state has only 11 cases of confirmed Coronavirus. It was gathered that Makinde and Chief Medical Director of University College Hospital (UCH), Professor Jesse Otegbayo and some other patients who had earlier been tested positive to Coronavirus have been discharged after they were tested negative twice. Makinde on Friday revealed that the state discharged no fewer than three more Coronavirus patients after they were tested negative twice to Coronavirus.