Brig-Gen Jones Oladeinde Arogbofa (rtd), ex-Chief of Staff to former President Goodluck Jonathan, says the office is “highly demanding.” President Muhammadu Buhari is expected to announce a replacement for his late CoS, Abba Kyari. Arogbofa stated that the successor must have immense loyalty to his principal and possess intellectual competency. The ex-presidential top aide said this when he featured on a radio programme in Osogbo. The retired General explained that the responsibilities are numerous but it falls under two major descriptions – managerial and advisory. “A Chief of Staff must be able to manage the affairs of the President in terms of staff and other issues. You have to control the flow of people into Aso Rock and the presidency, selection of key Presidential staff, and supervise them”, The Nation quoted him as saying. He listed others as managing the flow of information, managing correspondents of the president, protecting the interests of his interest, negotiating with the National Assembly and other branches of government, ensuring that physical and emotional pressure on the president is reduced to the barest minimum, and protecting the president from undue influences. Arogbofa added that the CoS must serve as the ear and eyes of the president and tell the president the truth even if it is bitter. He said such a person must have a lot of energy to work as the president calls at every point in time to discuss national issues. “Nigeria is big and only one man is managing it, he needs support. The President contends with economic, security, and political development. The President needs someone who is loyal, dedicated, ethical, intellectually sound and can take the speck to do the job. “You must not embarrass the president in addressing issues. The chief of staff to the president must be trustworthy because the president must rely on the chief of staff and believe that you can’t join hands with others against him. The office is not a piece of cake”, Arogbofa declared