Following the relaxation of the COVID-19 lockdown in Kaduna State, banks’ customers in the early hours of Wednesday flooded different banks across the state for various transactions. Though, no customer was granted access into the banking premises, it was observed that, as early as 6.30 am on Wednesday, many customers had already flooded the banking gates even as they refused to observe social distancing. Many customers who intended to withdraw cash with their ATM cards were frustrated as they met empty ATM machines without cash in them. Disturbed by the failure of the banks to load money into ATM machines by management of the banks, some customers vowed to remain there until they withdraw cash. DAILY POST observed that First bank, Zenith bank, Polaris, Stanbic IBTC , and United Bank for Africa, all in Kaduna South Local Government Area were attending to customers in a row of 10-20 at their various gates. At the Zenith bank in Kakuri, canopies were mounted and customers sat under them with the observation of social distancing. Many customers who went to withdraw from ATMs, however, expressed disappointment over the empty ATM machines. According to a customer, Mr. Andrew Johnson, ”I came to withdraw as early as 6.00am this money to buy foodstuff, but unfortunately, there was no money in the bank. ” I must remain here until the bank loads money. If I go home now, what will I tell my family?” he asked. Also, lamenting for meeting an empty ATM machine, Dr. Joshep Morenike of Ahmadu Bello University Teaching Hospital who wanted to withdraw but met empty ATM said, he received alert of his April salary evening of Tuesday, only to meet empty ATMs. His words: ”I am supposed to perform an operation on a patient this morning, but I am here struggling with ATM. What kind of disappointment is this?” he expressed angrily. Although, efforts to meet Operational Officers of the various banks failed as security men did not allow journalists inside the banking premises, a staff of one of the banks who spoke on condition of anonymity said, bank staff were inside working. According to him, ”at the right time, the ATMs will be loaded with money for customers to withdraw.”