Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday, eased the lockdown in Lagos and Ogun States as well as the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja, with effect from Monday, May 4. Buhari during a national broadcast said recommendations have been carefully studied. 2. The President has ordered a total lockdown of Kano State, following the mysterious deaths in the past two weeks in the ancient city. Buhari, in his Monday night address to the nation, directed the enforcement of a total lockdown for a period of two weeks effective immediately. 3. Following the ease of the lockdown in Lagos and Ogun States as well as the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja, President Muhammadu Buhari has announced new measures. He said the directives were meant to safeguard Nigerians amid the coronavirus crisis. 4. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, Monday, night announced 64 new cases of coronavirus in Nigeria, bringing the total cases in the country to 1,337. The centre said 34 cases were reported in Lagos, 15 in FCT, 11 in Borno, two in Taraba and two in Gombe. 5. A High Court sitting in Enugu has stopped the Foreign Affairs Minister, Mr. Geoffrey Onyeama, from arresting the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Enugu State, Dr. Ben Nwoye. The party chairman, who addressed journalists on Monday, said he ran to the Court as a last option. 6. The death has been announced of Borno State first-class monarch, Shehu of Bama, Alhaji Kyari Ibrahim El-Kanemi. He died on Monday afternoon at the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH), according to the Borno State, Commissioner for Information, Babakura Jatto. 7. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Monday said the Edo and Ondo State governorship elections have not been postponed. INEC National Commissioner, Festus Okoye in a statement released on Monday said the election timetable has not been adjusted. 8. Mohammed, one of the sons of former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, has recovered from COVID-19 after 40 days. Mohammed tested negative twice for coronavirus and was discharged from the isolation centre on Monday. 9. Raymond Dokpesi Jnr, Chairman of DAAR Communications Plc, has tested positive for coronavirus. In a short message to members of staff in Abuja, AIT reported on Monday evening, Dokpesi was said to have been self-isolating in the past week, before he developed malaria symptoms and started coughing. 10. A thunderstorm has killed two elementary school pupils and badly injured another two in Nsukka Local Government of Enugu State over the weekend. The four pupils between the ages 15 and 12 years hailed from Umunkashi community in Nsukka local government area, Enugu state were said to be plucking mangoes at Joint Primary school of the community when the storm struck, killed two instantly and injured others.