Residents of Joju, Owode Ijako, Ijoko, Agbado, Ifo and other adjoining communities in Ogun State can now heave a sigh of relief following the arrest of 19 suspected cultists. DAILY POST reports that residents of the area have been running helter skelter to avoid being killed by cultists who have turned the area into their battle field lately. The hoodlums, it was learnt, have been terrorising the areas connecting Ifo and Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government areas of the state. Since the beginning of the Coronavirus lockdown, residents of the areas have been living in fear and anxiety over incessant clashes between rival cult groups, DAILY POST gathered. The people of the area have been crying out to the police as the suspected hoodlums reportedly invaded homes to rob residents of their money and belongings. As a result, the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, Kenneth Ebrimson, deployed policemen to the area. The police, it was learnt, have arrested 19 suspected cultists. The Ogun State Police Spokesperson, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed the incident. According to Oyeyemi, five of the suspects were arrested at Ijako; one of them was arrested at Winners with a locally made gun; three were arrested in Araromi area of Agbado with face masks, while ten others were picked up at various locations in Ifo, kajola and Ososun areas by SARS operatives. The crisis was said to have started as a result of the supremacy battle between two rival cult groups, metamorphosing into robbery and other criminal activities. Oyeyemi in a statement on Friday, said: “In compliance with the directives of the commissioner of police, the teams moved into the area and embarked on aggressive and intelligence based patrol of the entire area of Ifo, Owode ijako, joju, ijoko and Agbado area.” Oyeyemi said their efforts yielded results as the police arrested “Ekunoye lucky, m’ 22, Badmus Sodiq, m’ 27, Showumi Femi, m’ 21, Adeagbo Adewumi, m’ 22 and Agboola Femi m’ 21 in Ijako area. “The patrol team also moved to Winners Church area along idiroko road where another suspect Adekunle Okeoye m’ 23 was arrested with a brand new locally made short gun loaded with five live cartridges and assorted charms. “Also, the operatives extended their operation to Araromi community in Agbado where three other suspects namely Sulaiman Ogunbiyi, aka Absorver federal, Saminu Adamu and Nasiru Umar were arrested with facemasks and assorted charms. “Earlier, ten of the hoodlums have been picked up at various locations in Ifo, kajola and Ososun areas of Ifo local government by SARS operatives,” the statement reads in part. Therefore, the CP appealed to members of the public not to nurse unnecessary apprehension, saying the command will continue to do everything to ensure the people of Ogun state enjoy adequate security during and after the Coronavirus lockdown. He enjoined them to reach out to the command through 08081770416 whenever they are in distress.