The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has enjoined Nigerians to hold the Presidency and the All Progressives Congress, APC, responsible for the extra-judicial execution of an innocent Nigerian by security operatives in Warri, Delta State. PDP blamed the killing by security operatives who were enforcing the stay-at-home order on the Federal Government’s insensitivity. The former ruling party stressed that the killing would have been averted if the federal government had made palliatives available to cushion the economic effect of the lockdown. A statement signed by PDP’s National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan insisted that such acts of violence against Nigerians cannot be condoned or justified under any guise, whatsoever. According to Ologbondiyan: “Nigerians should hold the Buhari Presidency and the APC responsible for the Warri killing as well as the reported brutalization of Nigerians. “Such ugly situations would have been averted if the APC controlled Federal Government had heeded wise counsel by the PDP and other well-meaning Nigerians and made adequate provisions for social palliatives that cushioned the economic challenges of the lockdown. The former ruling party lamented that the APC-led federal government has failed to shelve its political interest and heed advice on how to cushion the effect of the current tide in the country. PDP added: “The APC government had failed to shelve its political interests and heed good suggestions to implement calls to cut taxes, reduce fuel price and use the states and local governments to channel essential commodities to poor Nigerians whose means of survival comes only from their daily struggle on the streets and markets. “Blame the APC and its administration for emboldening acts of violence and extra-judicial killings by security operatives following their failure to bring perpetrators of such acts to book as even detailed in reports by various reputable international organizations including Amnesty International (AI), Transparency International (TI), European Union (EU), United States Department of State.” DAILY POST had reported that soldiers enforcing the lockdown order in Delta State amid the Coronavirus scare had killed a young man identified as Joseph Pessu in Warri. Pessu was shot dead on Ada-Val Areyenka junction in Ugbuwangue Community in Warri South Local Government Area of the State. 