The suspension of various championships is no reason for football fans to be sad! Because, during this period, you can still bet on your favourite teams and make money!. Don’t believe it? See for yourself with the trusted and renowned 1xBet betting company. This bookmaker offers bets on the best football games in FIFA and PES. And this type of action is exactly what you don’t want to miss! Variety of tournaments FIFA and PES betting offer a huge variety of events. For example, you can bet on an Arsenal match in the Premier League and enjoy the simulation of this game in FIFA. Of course, players familiar to you will play in the rosters, and therefore your real knowledge of football will come in handy. In addition to the Premier League, players have the opportunity to bet on World Cup matches, as well as the leagues in Spain, Italy, Germany and many others. Exotic bets that are not in real football There are also exotic modes that you can’t find in real soccer. For example, English Premier matches can take place in courtyards! Renowned sides such as Chelsea, Manchester United and other clubs play in a 4-by-4 format in courtyards. Who do you think would win a game in this format? You also have the opportunity to stage a penalty shootout between teams who consist entirely of a favourite player (eg – 11 Ronaldo vs 11 Messi). In real football, this is obviously impossible, but at 1xBet you can make this a reality – and also earn on bets. Great opportunity to make money The most important thing is that betting on FIFA and PES is a superb chance to earn. You don’t need to wait for a match to start, because the games are held around the clock every single day. Also, the match lasts for far less than 90 minutes! This means that you save your time and quickly find out the outcome of your event. All this is complemented by high odds and the ability to bet not only on the outcome of the match but also on other options, such as total goals, handicap and others. It’s a great pleasure to still be able to bet on your favourite teams and watch their matches even when football is paused. That’s exactly what 1xBet offers. So, bet on FIFA today at 1xBet and stop missing real football!