The Lagos State Governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu has appointed Dr. Emmanuella Olutoyin Zamba, as Acting General Manager of the Lagos State Health Management Agency (LASHMA). The appointment conveyed by the Lagos State Head of Service, Mr. Hakeem Muri-Okunola in a letter dated March, 24, 2020, took cognisance of the appointee’s record of selfless service and impressive performance, expressing confidence that her past experience stands her in good stead to expand the frontiers of the Agency. Dr. Zamba, a Medical Doctor, seasoned technocrat and public servant, was until her appointment, the Director of Healthcare Planning, Research and Statistics at the Lagos State Ministry of Health and the representative of Lagos State Ministry of Health on the LASHMA Board. Since joining the Lagos State Public Service in 2005, she had served as the State Health Sector Investment Officer; Coordinator, Lagos State Health Sector Quality Control Programme; Lagos State Ministry of Health Service Delivery Director and Coordinator for Lagos State Health Sector Service Charter Cascade Initiative. The Acting General Manager was also the Ministry of Health Representative, Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH) Board; State Human Resource Health Desk Officer, Lagos State Ministry of Health; Training Officer, Health Systems Development Programme II (World Bank and African Development Bank Assisted) and Lagos State Ministry of Health (2006-2010), among others. Well known to be versed in the Public Health field and constantly seeking to expand her knowledge in other disciplines, Zamba has certification in various fields including Public Speaking, Leadership, Human Resources, Social Policy and Health Management. Dr. Zamba, who was born in Germany, speaks English, Yoruba, German and conversational French. She attended Corona School and Queens College, Yaba for her Primary and Secondary Education respectively, before proceeding to England for her Advanced Levels, after which she obtained her Bachelor of Science and Masters of Public Health degrees from the College of Medicine, University of Lagos.