The National Human Rights Commission on Saturday, expressed displeasure over the alleged inhuman treatment meted out to some Nigerians by the Chinese authorities in Beijing. A viral video had emerged on Thursday, showing some Nigerians in Guangzhou, China being sent out of their apartments and treated poorly by some Chinese officials Reacting, Mr. Tony Ojukwu, Executive Secretary of NHRC in a statement in Abuja, said that the information at their disposal indicated that Nigerians and other African nationals have been singled out for forced quarantine despite undergoing initial 14-day quarantine. “Reports of ejection of some Nigerians from their homes and hotels by the Chinese authorities are clearly acts of discrimination and a gross violation of human rights. “The Commission also notes with concern the reports of seizure of international passports belonging to Nigerians. “This was not only a violation of international human rights norms but one that is capable of rendering Nigerians stateless in a time of global emergency when nations are evacuating their nationals to safety. “The alleged maltreatment of Nigerians during an outbreak of the COVID-19 global pandemic when nations of the world are coalescing in unprecedented acts of solidarity and commitments should be condemned in all its forms,” he said. It, further, called on the Federal Government to take immediate steps in reaching out to the Chinese Government. “There should be a stop to the harassment of Nigerians, Africans and indeed any citizen of the world in the guise of responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. “In particular, we urge the Government of Nigeria to take all necessary steps to evacuate Nigerians willing to come home from China and other countries where they are currently at risk of discrimination or any form of racial abuse as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak.”NAN quoted him as saying. The commission commended the immediate actions already taken by the Nigerian Mission in China and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the intervention of the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila. Meanwhile, the Nigerian government had invited the Chinese Ambassador to Nigeria, Zhou Pingjian, over reports of maltreatment of Nigerians. Speaking with Pingjian, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey urged the ambassador to speak with Chinese authorities to intervene on the matter