Abia State Governor, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, has approved the distribution of cash and food/relief materials as palliatives to vulnerable persons in the State following the total lockdown of activities. This was contained in a press statement signed by the State Commissioner for Information, John Okiyi Kalu and issued to reporters in Umuahia, on Tuesday. The statement said the first phase will include, distribution of cash, protective materials, and food items. The Items are to be delivered to churches and mosques in the state through their representatives according to the schedule adopted by the COVID-19 Committee.  It also added, “The designated representatives of the Churches and Mosque are to come to the Government House food store located within the Office of the Wife of the Governor, with vehicles to collect the food and other palliative items for immediate distribution to their identified widows, indigents and vulnerable members “Each Church will receive the following items: bags of rice, bags of beans, bags of Garri, tubers of yam, hand sanitizers, face masks and cash to take care of vulnerable persons among their members. The designated representatives have already been contacted”. Continued, the Statement disclosed, “The state geriatric services agency will immediately commence visits to senior citizens who are above 70 years to deliver food, drugs, face masks and hand sanitizers on behalf of the government. “There will also be a mop-up exercise of the distributions to include those who might have missed out in the initial phases of the deliveries. Such people will be reached through the traditional rulers, community president generals, and ward leaders”. The Abia government has further restated its determination and focus in ensuring the safety of lives of the people over the spread of COVID-19 pandemic which had led to the economic and social lockdown. It further stated, “We remain confident that distributing these relief materials through our fathers in the faith, Abia widows, orphans, indigents and other vulnerable persons will be reached through a structured and effective process that will not compromise the already established protocols in the efforts against the coronavirus pandemic”.