Residents of Kano State have expressed support to the two weeks total lockdown order on the State announced by President Muhammadu Buhari. DAILY POST had reported that Buhari in a broadcast on Monday announced the total lockdown of the State with immediate effect, to stem the spread of coronavirus. He said, “With regards to Kano, I have directed the enforcement of a total lockdown for a period of two weeks effective immediately. “The Federal Government shall deploy all the necessary human, material and technical resources to support the State in controlling and containing the pandemic and preventing the risk of further spread to neighbouring States.” Reacting, some of the residents, described the move as a welcome development. Mr Habibu Umar, a resident of Rijiyar Zaki area of the metropolis, told NAN that the measure was timely and would help to contain the pandemic. According to her, some people were not complying with the lockdown and social distancing order, as such the total lockdown was necessary to avert further spread of the virus. “The mass deaths recorded in the state necessitated such proactive measures to protect public health and stem the pandemic,” he added. Another resident, Mr Usman Baballe, said he would be happy if the lockdown is relaxed after payment of salaries to enable workers do some shopping for the Ramadan. “We will stay indoors as we are law abiding citizens and pray for a quick end to the pandemic,” he said. Similarly, one Aminu Ibrahim, urged the state and Federal Government to ensure fairness in the distribution of palliative to less privileged members of the society. Ibrahim said the lockdown had exposed residents who were mostly petty traders and daily income earners to hardship, stressing that such support from the government would encourage them to stay-at-home. He also called on the people to adhere to advices on precautionary measures against the virus, in order to remain safe and healthy. Ibrahim urged residents to observe social distancing and maintain good personal hygiene in order to stay safe.