The relaxation of COVID-19 lockdown being enjoyed in Ogun State will end on Friday, April 17. DAILY POST reports that from 2pm on Friday, the State will enforce total lockdown till the end of the 14-day extension by President Muhammadu Buhari. The Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, disclosed this in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, on Tuesday. Abiodun said the current window of relaxation of the lockdown in the state from 7.00am to 2.00pm, which follows the same pattern of the previous week, will still be available for this Wednesday and Friday only. “The current window of relaxation of the lockdown in the state from 7.00am to 2.00pm, which follows the same pattern of last week, will still be available for this Wednesday(15th April) and Friday (17th April, 2020) only. “This is to allow the residents prepare for the extension of the lockdown and restock on food and other essential items. However, Ogun State borders remain closed,” he said. Speaking further, Abiodun said he has distributed relief food packages to no fewer than 300,000 Ogun indigenes to cushion the effects of COVID-19 lockdown on them. He intimated that the relief items have so far been distributed to over 60,000 households of the elderly, the poor and vulnerable in the state, covering about 300,000 individuals, saying the next phase of distribution to additional 80,000 households of estimated 400,000 people across the 236 wards will commence soon. Reacting to President Buhari’s extension of the Coronavirus lockdown, Gov Abiodun urged Ogun indigenes and residents to endure the 14-day extension of the lockdown in the state and consider it a necessary sacrifice to defeat an invisible and deadly enemy that required its victims as unwitting vectors of its deadly venom. Abiodun stressed that “We must deny the virus the vital supply chain required to decimate humanity by complying with all the social distancing measures and maintaining personal hygiene.” The Governor emphasised that people should only go out if they need to and are required at all times, when outside their homes, to wear face masks, even as they observe other social distancing measures. The state, he said, will soon commence strict enforcement of wearing face masks in the public, saying it has helped in flattening the spread of the virus.