Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Center for Disease and Control, NCDC on Friday, confirmed 114 new cases of Coronavirus, thus, bringing the number of confirmed cases in Nigeria to 1095. In the latest report, 80 cases were reported in Lagos, 21 in Gombe, 5 in FCT, 2 in Zamfara, 2 in Edo, 1 in Ogun 1 in Oyo, 1 in Kaduna and 1 in Sokoto. 2. The Nigerian Government has offered a total of 5,000 health workers free health insurance cover. Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on the COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, who disclosed this on Friday, said the Life Insurance cover is to the frontline workers, who are fighting the deadly virus. 3. The National Judicial Council (NJC) on Friday recommended the immediate compulsory retirement of two judges -Aliyu Musa and Chukwuma Francis Abosi for acts of misconduct. A statement by NJC’s Spokesperson, Soji Oye, said that the council took the decision after considering the report of its Interview Committee, during a virtual meeting held by members between April 22 and 23 this year. 4. Chairmen of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the 36 states and the FCT, have declared that no position has been taken on the choice of a new Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, following the death of Abba Kyari. The Chairman, Forum of APC Chairmen, Ali Bukar Dalori, said in a statement on Friday that the clarification became imperative as the forum would not to be dragged into an issue beyond their mandate. 5. The Federal Government says it will not accept the request to self-isolate, by Nigerians abroad willing to come back home. According to the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, some Nigerians willing to come back home were asking for self-isolation in their homes, but that such request could not be guaranteed as monitoring them would be difficult. 6. The Governor, State of Osun, Adegboyega Oyetola, has announced a foremost human rights activist and Chairman, Police Community Relations Committee (PCRC), Comrade Amitolu Shittu, as the Director-General (DG) of the newly established Amotekun Corps. Similarly, he has named as the Director-General (DG) of Bureau of Social Services (BOSS), a trainer and management Consultant, Richard Tinubu, who spent the better part of his working career at an American company, Computing Solutions Outfit, NCR Nigeria Plc, where he rose to the position of Senior Manager, Marketing. 7. The Lagos State Government has announced the discharge of ten coronavirus patients from the Isolation facilities at Yaba and Onikan. The state government said the patients have recovered fully and tested negative to #COVID19, bringing the total number of discharged patients to 117 in Lagos 8. The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has said the most affected age group among those that tested positive to COVID-19 is 31-40 years while the highest COVID-19 fatality rate is among the older generation above 50 years of age. He spoke yesterday in Abuja at the 19th joint national briefing of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. He added that the high number of new cases was due to on-going community transmission and active case search. 9. Yomi Obileye, veteran Nollywood actor is dead. Obileye, known for his role in the movie “Hostages”, reportedly died on Friday morning after battling an undisclosed ailment. 10. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has appointed Nigeria’s former Finance Minister, Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as Special Envoy for the newly inaugurated Access to COVID-19 Tools (ACT) Accelerator. Ngozi is to serve alongside British business executive, Sir Andrew Witty in the same capacity, to mobilise international commitment to the initiative.