I have finally decided to share this message, even though it will make some people privately think I have become a lunatic. But I would rather share it and later be proven wrong than risk failing to share it. In fact, sharing this message is a way of washing my hands so I don’t inadvertently become responsible for the lives of people I have been given access to. The world, as we know it, is about to come to an end. How do I know that? For starters, I’m not the only one who believes that the world is about to come to an end. But, more than the average person, I have another problem. This problem is in the form of a revelation I got from God in 2016. I produced a 17-minute video on the 30th of November 2018 and referred to the 2016 revelation as the basis for that video. You will see the link to the video at the end of this post. It’s a good thing that YouTube cannot lie: a video posted in 2018 has a date on it. So, if I’m claiming that this video was recorded and uploaded in 2018, it will be quite easy to find out. By the way, this recording took place at the Nigerian Institute of Journalism (NIJ) Lagos, on Friday, the 30th of November, 2018. You may not understand much of the message in the video (except you’re a Seventh-day Adventist) but there are aspects you can understand. And I will highlight them to make it more convenient for you. This video message claims that probation for humanity will end BEFORE October 22, 2020. And remember that it was recorded long before covid-19 came this same 2020 and changed the entire world. The video also claims that Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, is the best representation of the generation that will not pass away. In fact, the number given to indicate the revelation was 1844:75 and the fulfilment of that number is in the form of a date, which came just a day after the 70th birthday of Benjamin Netanyahu. What the number means (as was revealed to me) is that the Investigative Judgement which started on the 22nd of October 1844 will end in its 175th year, which is 22nd October, 2019. That is to say, it will last up till the 22nd of October 2019, but will not get to the 22nd of October 2020, because, if it gets to the 22nd of October 2020, it would have lasted for 176 years, and that will not be the case, according to the revelation. It was to confirm the 1844:75 revelation that I was shown that Benjamin Netanyahu’s 70th birthday will be just a day before that date — that is, 21st October, 2019. When I initially got the 1844:75 revelation, I did not relate it in any way to Benjamin Netanyahu or any human being for that matter. Psalms 90:10 The days of our years are threescore years and ten (70 years); and if by reason of strength they be fourscore years (80 years), yet is their strength labour and sorrow; for it is soon cut off, and we fly away. The number of the people of God who will not worship the beast of Revelation chapter 13 is given in the Bible as 144, 000 only, out of all the people in the world. Revelation 14:1. Note that the 1844:75 revelation was given to me on the 27th of October, 2016. Donald Trump was not the United States President at the time. As a person, I hoped Donald Trump will win the presidential election but had zero belief that that could happen because I knew that Hillary Clinton was the candidate of the New World Order people — or globalists — and I did not believe that Donald Trump will be able to stand the globalists, who have already infiltrated every aspect of American society, including its levers of power and its media. But nine days after the 1844:75 revelation, I was shocked but happy when Donald Trump won the US election and became President. When Trump was eventually sworn in on the 20th of January 2017, I did not know why I decided to count the number of weeks between the 20th of January, 2017, and the 22nd of October, 2019, which was the terminal date for the 1844:75 revelation. When I counted the number of weeks between 20th Jan 2017 and 22nd October, 2019, I was shocked to see that it was almost 144. The 144th week of Donald Trump’s presidency was 25th of October, 2019. What this means was that a date I had been given (1844:75 or 22nd October 2019) had two witnesses occurring in the same week in the form of Benjamin Netanyahu’s 70th birthday (21st October) and Donald Trump’s 144th week in office (25th October). Please note: Netanyahu’s 70th birthday is significant because he represents the generation that would not pass away and Psalm 90:10 gives the standard age as 70 years and possibly 80; Donald Trump’s 144th week in office was significant because his reign is to prevent the winds from blowing on the earth, until the 144, 000 saints are sealed. Donald Trump’s presidency is tied to holding back the winds until the 144, 000 saints are sealed. Revelation 7:1-4 And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree. And I saw another angel ascending from the east, having the seal of the living God: and he cried with a loud voice to the four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea, Saying, Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads. And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of Israel. Note that these two witnesses occurred in the same week as the 1844:75 date, which was 22nd October, 2019. A naked date (22nd October 2019) eventually became clothed by two other significant dates — 21st October 2019, and 25th October 2019. In convincing me that Benjamin Netanyahu was the best representation of the generation that will not pass away before Jesus returns, I was led to Luke 21:24, where Jesus prophesied that probation will end (that is, the times of the Gentiles will be fulfilled) after Israel is dispersed from their land and brought back again. Luke 21:24 And they shall fall by the edge of the sword, and shall be led away captive into all nations: and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled. This dispersion took place in AD 70 when Roman General Titus invaded Jerusalem and destroyed the city and the second Temple. The Jews returned to Israel and became a nation on the 14th of May, 1948. I was made to understand that, among the baby boys that were born in an independent Israel (which did not become a reality until July 1949 because of the war of independence that raged from May 1948) Netanyahu was the first to become Prime Minister. In other words, Netanyahu is the first Israeli Prime Minister that was born in a free and independent Israel — after the AD 70 dispersion – and his birthday is 21st October, 1949. At the time I made the 2018 video, Netanyahu was not the longest serving Israeli Prime Minister, even though, in 1996 when he was 47 years old, he became the youngest Israeli to ever be Prime Minister. In November 2018 also, David Ben-Gurion (Israel’s first Prime Minister) was still the longest serving Israeli Prime Minister, even though Netanyahu was closing the gap. Ben-Gurion had served from 1948 to 1963, with a break between 1954 and 1955. However, in April last year, Israel conducted the first of three elections that could not produce a clear winner: the second one was in September, and the third one was just last month. It was within this period that Benjamin Netanyahu became the longest serving Prime Minister ever in Israel. In spite of that historical accomplishment, however, Netanyahu’s political future looked quite bleak and the general belief was that he had come to the end of the road. In fact, just two weeks ago, many people believed that it was all over for Netanyahu. Although his party (Likud) had won more seats than all the others in the March election, his right wing coalition only had 58 seats in the Israeli Knesset. To form a government in Israel, a party (or a coalition of parties) needs at least 61 seats. This was why the President of Israel gave Netanyahu’s challenger, Benny Gantz, the first option of forming a government. However, in a miraculous twist, the same Benny Gantz abandoned his majority coalition about two weeks ago and decided to join Netanyahu in a unity government. What this means is that Benjamin Netanyahu will remain Israel’s Prime Minister for at least the next 18 months — until September 2021. The connection of that development with this message is that Netanyahu will be in power when probation for humanity ends — which is the same thing as the fulfilment of the times of the Gentiles prophesied by Christ in Luke 21:24, and which is also equivalent to the repossession of Jerusalem by the Jews. The Jews were given their own 490 years of probation (see Daniel 9:24) which ended when they stoned Stephen; see Acts 7:59, 60. Remember that it was after they stoned Stephen to death that the gospel began to be preached to the Gentiles. The stoning of Stephen was three and half years after Pentecost. Before then, Jesus did not permit His disciples to preach to anybody, except the children of Israel. Matthew 10:5-6 These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not: But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel. When the 490 years of Jewish probation ended with the stoning of Stephen, the times of the Gentiles automatically began, and that was when the gospel was taken to the “uttermost part of the earth;” Acts 1:8. It was the 483rd year of the 490 years (or 69th week) that Jesus was referring to when He urged the Jews to repent because “the time is fulfilled and the kingdom of God is at hand. . .” Mark 1:15. The time Christ was referring to was the time for the manifestation of the Messiah, which had been prophesied to occur at the 69th week. Daniel 9:25 Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore, and two weeks . . . Note: Seven weeks and threescore and two weeks is equal to 69 weeks, which is equal to 483 years. A week in prophecy is 7 years; a day is equal to a year. According to the 490-year prophecy, the Messiah (that is, Christ) was to be anointed (or baptized) at the 483rd year, or 69th week: that is to say, 7 years before the end of the 490-year Jewish probation when they exclusively held the oracles of God. Christ spent half of the 7 years (3.5 years) doing His work; then He went to heaven and the Holy Spirit was poured out. The remaining half of the 7 years (3.5 years) were spent by the apostles preaching to the Jews. Stephen’s death (around AD34) coincided with the end of that 490 years, which began in 457 BC with the decree of King Artaxerxes; Ezra 6:14. Then, and only then, could the gospel be preached to the Gentiles. According to Jesus in Luke 21:24, Jerusalem will be trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles are fulfilled. It means that, when the times of the Gentiles are fulfilled, Jerusalem will revert back to the control of the Jews. Note that the fulfilment of the times of the Gentiles is equivalent to the end of human probation, since the Jews already had their own probation. Since 1948, Israel has been inching closer to the full possession of Jerusalem. However, with the current political reality, Israel cannot hope to take full control of Jerusalem. But, if they had a good excuse, they would love to do that; in fact, they would not only love to do that but would also love to take possession of the Temple Mount, which now hosts several mosques, including the very popular Dome of the Rock. How will Israel find this excuse? There is a war that Ezekiel the prophet prophesied about. In brief, it will be led by Russia and will have Iran (Persia), Turkey, Libya, and Sudan attacking Israel for the purpose of complete annihilation; Ezekiel 38:1-6. After 30 years of being away from the Middle East, Russia suddenly returned to the region in September 2015 and is now the de facto power in the Middle East. According to Ezekiel (see chapters 37, 38, and 39), this war will occur after Israel is gathered again from the nations where they had been dispersed to since the AD 70 dispersion. Note that Adolf Hitler attempted to kill all the Jews in the world during the Second World War. The Bible is saying that the Russian-led war will take place after this attempted genocide — which historians refer to as the holocaust. Ezekiel 38:8 In the latter years thou shalt come into the land that is brought back from the sword, and is gathered out of many people, against the mountains of Israel, which have been always waste: but it is brought forth out of the nations . . . Moreover, during this war, no nation will come to the aid of Israel. It is God Himself that will intervene supernaturally with fire, and brimstone, and an overflowing rain accompanied with great hailstones; Ezekiel 38:22. However, God made it clear that His intervention will not be because Israel is righteous, but so that atheists will finally know that God exists. Ezekiel 38:23 Thus will I magnify myself, and sanctify myself; and I will be known in the eyes of many nations, and they shall know that I am the LORD. Indeed, no nation will come to the aid of Israel. But that is hard to imagine in the era of United States President, Donald Trump, who is the most pro-Israel president the world has ever seen. This is why I personally believe that Trump will be taken out before that war is launched. But, without any word from God, I could only speculate about how I thought Trump would be taken out. Those who read my WhatsApp posts will recall that, in October last year, I sent an alert about an expected “earth-shaking event.” That event was the taking out of President Trump, which I thought will occur within his 144th week in office. I now realize that Trump’s 144th week in office (25th of October 2019) and Benjamin Netanyahu’s 70th birthday (21st of October 2019) were both only to confirm the 1844:75 revelation, which points to 22nd October 2019 and marks the countdown to the end of probation. But I still believe that Trump will be taken out because I cannot see how Israel will be attacked without Trump responding militarily — if he is alive and well and still the President of the United States. Since the prophecy is that no nation on earth will come to the aid of Israel, I believe my conjecture about Trump is reasonable. But time will tell. To me, except Trump is off the stage somehow or rendered grossly impotent, he will never sit and watch Israel face Russia and co alone. At the time I thought Trump will be taken out (last October) I had no idea that covid-19 will be unleashed (naturally or otherwise) to prepare the world for the fulfilment of all these events, which I believe must take place before the 22nd of October, 2020: these events are: the liquidation or neutralization of Donald Trump; the 5-nation attack on Israel; the divine intervention to save Israel; the full repossession of Jerusalem by Israel, etc. and, more importantly, the end of human probation, which is equal to the fulfilment of the times of the Gentiles; Luke 21:24. Because the setting up of the mark of the beast will follow the end of human probation, I expected some moves in that regard but, again, had no idea how the whole world will be made to agree on that issue. The Paris Climate Agreement provides that sort of template for a global concord, but stubborn Donald Trump has already indicated publicly that he will pull out of that agreement. The problem is that, the way the agreement was designed (which Barack Obama signed) the United States cannot pull out until the 3rd of November, 2020, which is just one day before the 2020 presidential elections. It seems the powers that be are not willing to take that risk and have come up with an option. This year, I learned that Pope Francis was organizing for the signing of a Global Education Compact. The whole world was supposed to gather in Rome for this event on May 14; but it has been postponed to October 14. I am convinced that the signing of this Global Education Compact is going to make the enforcement of the mark of the beast possible. Do you know what the mark of the beast is really about? To prevent prejudice, I will not state what the mark of the beast is. Rather, I will simply direct you to an encyclical on Climate Change issued by Pope Francis on the 24th of May, 2015. That encyclical is titled Laudato si. Please find the encyclical yourself and look at point number 237. Whatever you see on point number 237 of Pope Francis’ 2015 encyclical is going to be the basis of the mark of the beast. And its global enforcement will take place before Jesus comes again. I know that over 90% of Christians expect the rapture to take place before the mark of the beast crisis, but that is not correct. The sponsor of the beast is Lucifer; and Lucifer is a deceiver. By making Christians expect the mark of the beast crisis only after the rapture (or, more correctly, after the second coming of Christ) a masterful deception has been concocted that will ensure that they are not ready and would happily accept the mark of the beast when it is set up, not knowing that it is what it really is. Nobody should expect Satan to have large billboards all over the place announcing that the mark of the beast is being enforced. It will be deceptive and only the Bible has the information to make even the most intelligent person in this world understand what is going on. Without the prophecies of the Bible that expose the moves of the beast, no human being stands a chance. Beware: The setting up of the mark of the beast and its enforcement will smell like a great victory for Christendom. But it will be in honour of the Antichrist. This sad situation will be because Christians are largely unaware of the fact that some of their doctrines and practices were initiated, not by God, but by Satan himself. After human probation has ended, life will go on for another 7 years before the second coming of Christ. It is within those 7 years that the whole world will be forced to worship the beast — with the exception of the 144, 000. It is also within those 7 years that the 7 last plagues will fall upon beast worshippers. Matthew 24:37 But as the days of Noe (Noah) were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. After Noah and his family went into the ark, God closed the door of the ark by Himself. At that point, the 120-year probation given to humanity (Genesis 6:3) had come to an end — but the ark remained on dry ground for another seven days before the rain began to fall. That “unnecessary” 7-day delay is actually a prophecy about the last days. In these last days, it will be a seven-year period during which repentance will be impossible and falling away from grace will also be impossible. Revelation 22:11-12 He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still. And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be. Why do you think the Bible states (above) that either repentance or falling away from grace will both be impossible before Jesus “comes quickly?” It is exactly because probation will end before He returns. Just remember the door of Noah’s ark and remember it was shut for 7 full days before the floodwaters came upon the earth. On the day that door was shut, all the people in the ark were assured of salvation, and all the people outside the ark were doomed – even though they felt no danger and saw no rain. God said that the weapons of the armies that will attack Israel in the last days will be kept burning for 7 years. If the destruction of these armies (which will allow Israel take full control of Jerusalem at last and fulfil Luke 21 :24) marks the end of probation, and the burning of their weapons will last for 7 years, then know that our case will be exactly like that of Noah — only that it will be 7 years instead of 7 days. Ezekiel 39:9 And they that dwell in the cities of Israel shall go forth, and shall set on fire and burn the weapons, both the shields and the bucklers, the bows and the arrows, and the handstaves, and the spears, and they shall burn them with fire SEVEN YEARS. In case anybody is thinking that this Ezekiel 38 prophecy refers to an old Bible-days war, see Ezekiel 38:16. And thou shalt come up against my people of Israel, as a cloud to cover the land; it shall be in the LATTER DAYS, and I will bring thee against my land, that the heathen may know me, when I shall be sanctified in thee, O Gog, before their eyes. For those who do not know, LATTER DAYS is equal to END TIMES. In spite of the above scripture about the 7 years that will last after the close of probation, please note the scripture below: Matthew 24:22 And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect’s sake those days shall be shortened. What the above means is that, no matter what you know, you will still be unable to tell the day and hour of the second coming of Jesus because there is a cutting short of the days – for the sake of the elect. I believe that, for anyone who has the slightest interest in getting ready for the second coming of Christ, the above information is sufficient to encourage them to seek further information. Below is the link to the YouTube video I earlier mentioned. More information is available for those interested. The Antichrist is here. But if you believe you will be raptured before he is revealed, you may worship him unknowingly. If you patiently stick with me, you will soon get to realize that the Antichrist is, in fact, the author of the idea that claims that he will only appear after the people of God have been taken away from the earth. 1 John 4:3 And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God: and this is that spirit of antichrist, whereof ye have heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world. Caveat: Mathew 24:36 But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only. The above verse is referring to the very day and hour when Jesus will return. It is not the purpose of this message to establish the day and hour of the second coming of Jesus. Having made that clarification, it is important to categorically state that the children of God will know when the second coming of Christ is about to take place. 1 Thessalonians 5:1-2, 4 But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. BUT YE, BRETHREN, ARE NOT IN DARKNESS, THAT THAT DAY SHOULD OVERTAKE YOU AS A THIEF. Luke 21:28 And when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh. YouTube link: Got Questions? Text Messages only to 07068557522. Email: therepeatedsecondangelmessage@gmail.com You can also request for the full version of The Last Message of Mercy using the contact information above. Addendum Please endeavour not to be confused by this addendum, which is independent of the above message but which addresses the same issue of the end of probation and the nearness of the second coming of Christ. In 2004, I got an insight that George W. Bush (former US President: 2001-2009) will reign beyond his second term in office and be the man in charge when the US (as the second beast of Revelation 13) forces the whole world to worship the first beast by receiving his mark or the number of his name on their forehead or on their right hand; Revelation 13:16, 17. For many years, I had no idea how this will play out. But now I think I do. Any crisis (the liquidation or neutralization of Donald Trump or something similar) that is serious enough to make America unable or unwilling to help Israel during its invasion by 5 enemy countries will fundamentally change the political structure of the United States. Another structure (whatever that may be) will be set up to ensure continuity of government — most likely after a brief military regime. That new political structure in the United States will be headed by George W. Bush. I got this insight about 14 years ago, long before the 2004 presidential elections in the US, when Bush contested against John Kerry and was seeking a second term in office. I was so convinced about this insight I sent the following to CNN Open Forum before the election: “I received divine insight that President Bush will most certainly have a second term in office, and even some. He has a job to do, which he started doing after September 11. But mark this: the eventual twist of this worldwide drama will be so ironic and shocking and would signal the nearness of the end of time. George Bush is no ordinary leader and the whole world would soon be convinced – and engulfed.” In American slang, “and even some” means “and even more.” May God bless you. Very soon, the most precious commodity in the whole world will be a solid relationship with God, through His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ. It will produce confidence while fear is reigning supreme in the hearts of men; It will provide hope at a time when all hope in usual things like government, bank account, society, civilization, basic human rights, and even the ability to buy and sell is lost; It will give fortitude to endure the shenanigans and malicious abuse of power by collaborators of the beast and by the beast; It will provide faith to trust God to repeat and expand the miracle Elijah experienced in the wilderness, where a raven brought him food by morning and by evening, and, to quench his thirst, he had a Brook full of water, which God had engineered into the landscape many many years before the famine; It will give the privilege of being separated from the punishment of the seven last plagues; It will be worth more than anything; In fact, it will be worth more than life; Because even a life placed on the altar then will not be able to secure such a relationship; These will be the days after the end of human probation; And it draws near with every passing hour. Fortunately, there is no sin evil enough to prevent your free salvation except the sin of refusing to repent. Repent now — for it will soon be too late! There is no shame in repentance: after all, we are all sinners and none of us is too good to repent. Isaiah 55:6-7 Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near: Let the wicked forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto the LORD, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon. Thanks. JITSOG MINISTRY.