Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Nigerian presidency, Saturday morning, announced the death of the Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari, Abba Kyari. Presidential spokesman, Femi Adesina, made the announcement in a statement. According to the presidency, the deceased had tested positive to the ravaging COVID-19, and had been receiving treatment, but died on Friday, April 17, 2020. 2. 51 new cases of Coronavirus (COVID-19) have been recorded in Nigeria. This was confirmed in a tweet by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, on Friday. With the latest report, Nigeria now has 493 confirmed cases in the country. 3. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has said mass testing for COVID-19 will happen between May and September 2020. This was contained in a report detailing how it plans to scale up laboratory tests for coronavirus in Nigeria. The agency said the mass testing would be carried out to survey the population, to learn more about the virus and contribute to research and development. 4. The Co-Chairman of the Kano State Coronavirus Taskforce Committee, Professor Abdurazak Habib Garba, and six other members of the committee have tested positive for the novel Coronavirus. This is even as the Chairman of the Committee and Deputy Governor of Kano State, Nasiru Gawuna, was said to have gone into self-isolation after making contact with those who tested positive. 5. Following public concerns on the establishment of mobile courts to prosecute violators of the COVID-19 directives in Abuja, FCT Solicitor General, Barrister Yusuf Wodi, has clarified that the courts were legally constituted. The FCT Administration said the courts were backed by Section 7 of the Quarantine Act of 2004, which vests jurisdiction to try violations under the Quarantine Act on Magistrate Courts. At a press briefing on Friday, the Solicitor General said that in keeping with the Quarantine Act, 13 Magistrate Courts had been stationed at strategic locations within and outside the capital city. 6. China and other nations under the G-20 Group have agreed to give debt relief to the poorest countries in the world, which the World Bank has classified as International Development Association (IDA) nations. David Malpass, President of the World Bank, while speaking at the ongoing April 2020 virtual Spring meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF), said that from May 1, there would be debt relief to the countries under the category. Nigeria is in the category and will benefit from the relief. 7. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has announced that Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) donations had risen to N25.8 billion. CBN Director of Corporate Communications, Isaac Okoroafor, said this in a statement on Friday. The donations were from 107 donors, including individuals, banks and other corporate bodies. 8. Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, on Friday said Nigerians in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province of China, will soon be evacuated after investigation confirmed that they are being maltreated. Onyeama said the decision to evacuate Nigerians became necessary following new revelations after speaking to the Nigerian officials in Guangzhou. He said some Nigerians have indicated interest to return home. 9. The United States President, Donald Trump has again stated that China was covering up the country’s coronavirus death toll. Trump stated that China’s Coronavirus deaths were “far higher” than it has admitted. On Friday, China reviewed the number of deaths up by 50 percent. In his reaction, Trump suggested that he had been vindicated about his insistence that China was hiding the truth about Coronavirus. 10. Patrick Asomugha, a priest from Nigeria is set to leave a parish in Germany after receiving numerous threats against his life. Asomugha has been leading the parish of Saint Francis of Assisi in Queidersbach since August 2017. A statement on Friday by the local diocese, disclosed that Asomugha will leave on April 20. The diocese noted that since mid-2019, Asomugha has been subjected to several hostile acts. A death threat was left on his garage door in March, and two days later, two glass bottles, likely filled with alcohol, were smashed in front of his house.