Few hours after he was tested negative for Coronavirus also known as COVID-19, Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has formally resumed work. DAILY POST gathered that Makinde had while going into self-isolation, handed over the state taskforce on COVID-19, to a former Chief Medical Director of University College Hospital (UCH), Professor Temitope Alonge. Makinde, who announced that he has been tested negative to Coronavirus yesterday night, however, resumed work on Monday. After he resumed, Makinde immediately conducted an inspection tour of the state’s largest isolation centre- Infectious Disease Centre, Olodo, Ibadan. He was thankful to the people of the state for their fervent prayers during his isolation period. He said that his government plans to conduct COVID-19 tests on 10,000 persons in the state. He added that the state was determined to win the battle against coronavirus, noting that if the state was able to test 10,000 persons within a short period, it would be able to stay ahead in the fight against COVID-19. The governor maintained that though the efforts put in place by the government might not have hit the 100 per cent mark, there were clear signs that the state was ready to fight COVID-19. He urged residents of the state to continue to support the government, while adhering strictly to the directives issued by the Oyo State COVID-19 Task Force and medical experts. “I want to especially thank Professor Temitope Alonge. I can see a lot of improvement here (Infectious Disease Centre) and can also see that we are ready to fight COVID-19. I have been in isolation, which I think was good. It was a period to reflect and look at the programmes, policies and all the things we want to do for the people of Oyo State. It was also a time to reflect on how COVID-19 is going to affect us socially and economically. “I want to thank you all for your prayers and support. God really answered your prayers on my behalf. We are all in an uncharted territory with COVID-19, just like the experts have been telling me. “We may not be 100 per cent perfect but I want you to continue to give us your support because we are here to work for you. We are here to ensure that no life is lost due to this pandemic. Please, continue to follow the directives of the Task Force. I am back to work now. “Some jobless ones have been talking about who I should handed over to (while in isolation); whether it should be a Professor of Virology or not. I am not a Professor of Virology myself. When the experts speak, the people in position of leadership only need to apply common sense. The experts too have a room in there where they cross-pollinate ideas They discuss, challenge themselves and come up with the best course of action. So, it is the same thing for us in fighting this pandemic. “So, let us all keep observing social distancing and hygienic condition. They told me that the virus is coward; Once you use water and soap to wash your hands very well, the virus will be destroyed. So, let us continue to observe all these hygienic practices. “We will continue to brief you on a daily basis. We are in a situation that is fluid and things will keep evolving. If you have ideas, you are free to call us and we will listen to you. I acknowledge the fact that we are not perfect but we know that the Lord is with us in Oyo State.”