The Coalition of United Political Parties, CUPP, has raised alarm over the rising cases of the Coronavirus infection in Kano State. The increase in cases in the past few days has reportedly led to the shut down of test centres in the state, following fears of infection of health workers. CUPP laments that reports that the Commissioner of Health, the Permanent Secretary and other functionaries of the state Ministry of Health have been infected with the virus have left the State without its first line of administrative defence. The alarm by the coalition is also coming on the heels of reports of strange deaths happening in the State and the lack of containment actions for about three to four days. The CUPP, has, therefore, asked President Buhari to take the Kano situation as a National emergency and deploy all available arsenals to bring the situation under control. The opposition party described as shameful and insensitive, the inability of the Federal and Kano State Governments to identify the cause of ongoing mass deaths, which it said have claimed over 700 lives in less than 96hrs. The party further asked President Buhari to immediately lockdown Kano and deploy the military, police and other security agencies to enforce at all cost the lockdown of the state. ”This is undoubted proof and irrefutable evidence that we have jokers as leaders. Kano State government and the Federal Government have failed and shown that they are incompetent and unfeeling about the unfortunate plight of the citizens,” CUPP said in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Ikenga Imo Ugochinyere and made available to DAILY POST on Sunday. “People are dropping dead and are being buried in hundreds and the government says they are looking for the cause and trying to justify their incompetence over lives by throwing up statistics.” The coalition warned that there will be danger ahead if infections and strange deaths with no answers continue to ravage Kano, calling on President Buhari to have mercy on Kano people. The party also appealed to Governor Ganduje to have mercy on the people of the state. “We plead on their behalf. Do not visit Kano with death. Find the cause of these deaths to avoid more viral deaths.” While stressing that the Kano situation will be the real test for Nigeria’s fight against COVID-19, CUPP warned that Nigeria will be consumed if there are delayed actions on Kano to cut the chain of spread. “It is against these reports that we issue an emergency advisory to President Muhammadu Buhari to take the Kano situation as a National emergency and deploy all available arsenals to bring it under control.