The President of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan, has urged Christian to pray for God’s merciful Intervention on the Coronavirus pandemic that has affected the whole world as they celebrate Easter. The Senate President who noted how important the Easter celebration is in the calendar of the followers of Jesus Christ urged that everyone draws the right lessons from the Death of Christ and his resurrection. In a statement released to DAILY POST, Lawan said the Easter celebration is relevant today more than ever as mankind passes through one of the darkest clouds in history. He said, ”If we draw the right lessons from the death of Jesus on the cross and his resurrection, we become more confident as we fight coronavirus and all other trials that today test our faith. ”My belief is that this is a passing phase for Nigeria and the entire world and that our faith is a potent spiritual weapon for the pursuit of victory. ”Let us be fervent in our prayer for Divine intervention to vanquish the pandemic, heal the sick and renew the world and Nigeria. ”We should not allow the frightening reports from other parts of the world on the pandemic to discourage us or weaken our hope. ”Rather, such reports should remind us of the Divine mercy under which we live in this time and strengthen our determination to rout this virus and others. ”I salute the resilience of Nigerians and urge us all to continue to cooperate with the Government as it leads us in the fight against Coronavirus and its deleterious effects on the economy and life in general. ”The National Assembly will continue to provide legislative intervention to support and improve the efforts of the Government in this trying period and beyond.” The Senate President also commended the efforts of all the health personnel and other stakeholders at the front line of the battle against the pandemic. He said, ” I applaud public-spirited individuals, corporate bodies, institutions and others who have risen in sacrifice and support for our nation in this battle. ”Once again I again wish us a Happy Easter, I urge us to strictly observe the public health protocols of social distancing, regular washing of hands and the rules of hygiene in our homes as we mark the joyous occasion.’