Lagosians have reacted to the announcement by Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s administration that it had commenced a house-to-house search for individuals infected with COVID-19. Akin Abayomi, Commissioner for Health, made the disclosure at a press briefing on COVID-19 in Ikeja on Thursday. He said the identification campaign tagged the ‘Community Active Case Search’, will run for two weeks in the first instance. The commissioner explained that health workers will go to houses with questionnaires on coronavirus symptoms such as cough, cold and fever. On Friday, residents demanded that the officials come with food and other items. In their reaction on Twitter, they said the palliatives promised by the government had not reached them. Below are excerpts of some reactions @Adesoji234: Very good but why not use the same measure to share food house to house during the lockdown so there can be a perfect order rather than deploying the military men on the street of Lagos. @orebella: When you are coming, please come with what you guys promised us. @ordinarycitiz: As advised by the Chinese doctors right? Like it was done in China abi? We’re still watching, let’s see how effective this will be. Hope you won’t wrongly diagnose ordinary citizens, people with little fever or malaria will now be classified as #COVID-19 patients. Do it right. @Hassan01500256: @lagosstategov, can search for infected persons from house to house, but to distribute palliative packages from door to door nah wahala”. @Ballo31293330: Let them go check those they give stimulus food. Anyone comes to my door, I go break him head, nonsense. @MayorOlisa: Very stupid people thunder fire you all. Since 2 weeks we have been at home you people didn’t check house to house, it’s now you want to do it All your secrets must be open soon. Meanwhile, the Lagos government had assured residents of adequate food supply in all the 27 designated COVID-19 Temporary Emergency Food Markets at farm gate prices. Commissioner for Agriculture, Gbolahan Lawal, said the markets were created to cushion the effects of the lockdown. He noted that additional farmers would be deployed to the various markets to ensure enough supply of produce and perishables to meet the demands of shoppers. “We have seen the huge turnout in some of the markets and the demand for more farm produce. We will bring in more farmers to ensure adequate food supply at affordable and competitive prices”, Lawal added.