The Yobe State COVID-19 Subcommittee on Security, Lockdown and Enforcement has taken its monitoring and evaluation campaign to communities bordering Niger Republic with a view to assessing strict adherence to the lockdown order. Gaidam, Yunusari, Yusufari and Nguru Local Government Areas located at the northernmost part of the state were visited by the subcommittee. Brig. Gen. Abdulsalam Dahiru (rtd), while briefing security operatives and the local government officials, emphasised on the need for them to work in harmony for strict compliance with the lockdown order. He said the idea was to contain trans-border importation of the dreaded COVID-19 as Niger Republic currently grappling with the virus. He also restated that only trucks conveying food items, medical supplies, building materials and petroleum products would be allowed to gain entry into the state. “The state government has placed restrictions on movement in and out of the state and also there are some exceptions. “The essence of our visit to these entry points is to evaluate the level of compliance and see how the security agencies are conducting themselves and carrying out their assigned tasks.” On the challenges with regards to the implementation of the total lockdown, Dahiru said, “Some of the challenges we have identified; apart from the weather condition because the weather here is very harsh and security operatives are subjected to the weather, hence we are trying to take certain steps to mitigate and make the job more comfortable for them. “We also experience the issue of articulation of command especially at Dazigau Village between various security agencies and we have resolved and directed them on how to conduct the operation as there must be unity of command in all the entry points”. In his contribution, Secretary of the Security Subcommittee, Dr. Ali Ibrahim Abba, told critical stakeholders manning the entry points that the fight against COVID-19 is a war that must be won by all and Sundry. Recall that Yobe State has not yet recorded an index case of COVID-19, hence among few states in the federation with zero-case status.