Barely 24 hours to the deadline of the lockdown order imposed on the state, the Bauchi State Government has reviewed its restriction order. The government said the lockdown will only affect entry points into the state with effect from Thursday, April 2. Recall that the Bauchi State Government had earlier imposed a total lockdown on Tuesday, March 30, 2020 for a period of 14 days to curtail the spread of the deadly Coronavirus. The State Deputy Governor, Senator Baba Tella, who doubles as Chairman State Task Force on COVID-19, while briefing newsmen on the update of the lockdown order at the Government House in Bauchi, said that out of the 99 samples collected, only three persons tested positive for the virus while 96 returned negative, adding that 2 persons will soon be discharged after the 14 days Isolation. “A crucial step in combating the pandemic is to do with managing our people. The lockdown is essentially meant to address that. “One point must be abundantly clear, this lockdown is not a shutdown, it is a process that is meant to ensure social distancing in a manner that we do not, by way of congestion in markets and other densely populated areas expose ourselves to the infection. “Having observed that no palliative measures have been introduced to cushion the effects of the lockdown, we must address the process in a manner that does not create harm or social dislocation. “Consequently, we are putting emphasizes on borders so that unsuspected carriers of the virus do not infiltrate and spread the virus,” he said He said that after consultations with opinion leaders, statesmen, Ulamas, clergies, the security forces, health care professionals and taking cognizance of the fact that majority of the people normally find sustenance by the day, government reviewed the restriction in line with present challenges. He said that effective from 2nd April 6pm, the borders of the state will be closed for a initial period of 14 days, adding that restriction of movements of people in towns and villages is eased, but people are to maintain the 1.2 meters spacing and overcrowding. “This social distancing is to be maintained in mosques and Churches, markets, wedding and social ceremonies. “We want to appeal to public that even though we relax these measures, we urge our citizens to show greater understanding and cooperation with the law enforcement agencies to help us manage this emergency,” the Deputy Governor clarified