The senior pastor, Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa has again urged President Muhammadu Buhari to learn from Ghana and suspend the lockdown order in the interest of millions of Nigerians. Giwa, in a statement to DAILY POST on Monday, said since President Buhari’s palliative care had failed, there was a need for him to lift the unnecessary lockdown imposed on Nigerians. The cleric specifically said he expected president Buhari to sensitize people about the importance of wearing African-made masks instead of shutting down markets without providing alternative routes for the people. Besides, Giwa also tasked the mainstream media organizations to selflessly report the truth about the staged pandemic. He said,” I think Ghana has led by example by lifting the unnecessary lockdown in the interest of those who don’t depend on the government before they eat. “The Ghana President understands that the poverty rate in Africa is alarming and he cannot allow his people to die of hunger. “Now, it is time for all of us to run into the house of God and worship Him because humans don’t have the answer to this epidemic. “The government has advised us of the need to use protective items which should have been enough. “You don’t lockdown a country like Nigeria when you know you cannot feed them. I see no reason why Nigeria cannot provide for its citizens like other advanced countries. “Anybody who says there is no money in Nigeria is deceiving himself. What is affecting us is greed, selfishness, and poor leadership.” The outspoken pastor also revealed that those who created the disease could not retrace their steps as they were not even sure how to cure the virus they created. “My sources tell me that vaccines that are currently being formulated have not cured any patient. “The vaccines that will be generated to treat coronavirus virus will do more harm to humans than good. “It is evident that the plan is to use humans as guinea pigs to try until they can find a vaccine that can reside in human temples without causing any effect. “Such vaccines will generate the funds they are looking for, and provide a rationale for putting an end to the imaginary COVID-19. “I want to repeat that any vaccination should be rejected outrightly. I don’t want people to agree with me until they know the truth.”