Ebonyi State Police Command says it has arrested over thirty-three (33) minors who engage in fraud, attempted abortion and violation of the social distancing order of the state government. The Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Loveth Odah made this known while briefing Journalists in Abakaliki, Ebonyi state. She said the minors, both females and males, packed themselves in a one-room apartment, thereby violating the COVID-19 law and social distancing order of Ebonyi state government. The police spokesperson noted that the minors came from different states of the Federation, and have stayed for some weeks in one room. She further noted that the minors were arrested following a tip-off by a resident who accused them of engaging in immoral acts in the one-room apartment. According to her: “We arrested 33 children, they were 33 in one room. That is not their parents house. We asked them what they were doing in that one room. “They said that they are networking. And they are living in someone’s house. The owner of the house could not report to police that such persons are in his place. Not until police discovered through someone who reported to one of our police divisions. “The minors came from different states; Ogun, Akwa Ibom, Cross River, Imo, Delta, Ekiti and many others. Apart from FCT and two other states, it would have completed 36 States of the Federation in one room. “How can parents allow their children of that age leave their homes without them knowing their whereabouts? “It is worrisome that it is a mix-up of males and females staying together in one room. There was a rumour that one of the girls among them is pregnant and have taken a pregnancy pill to terminate it” she stated. Odah, however, said there has been an increase in crime rates in Ebonyi, resulting from the lockdown and banning of Okada in the state but assured of the preparedness of the police command to arrest anyone found terrorizing the people of the state. “Those touts who are no longer working have gone to the street to terrorize citizens of the state. The lockdown is almost affecting everybody, you can imagine that Okada riders are no longer working. “Many people are now trekking and by doing so those hoodlums will snatch their bags and other belongings. There is an increase in crime but the police are doing their best to curtail it. People should go home on time and be security conscious. “We have received a report of a stolen pot of soup and Jollof rice. A woman was cooking and went inside to take something and on coming out, her pot of soup was stolen and this shows that there is hunger in the land. “People in Ebonyi do not believe that COVID-19 is real. They would say that the virus can not bear a sweet name like ‘Coronavirus’ and some of the citizens in the rural areas are even celebrating it” she noted.