The Benue State Government on Saturday trained members of the COVID-19 State Action Committee on safety and on-the-field preventive measures to contain the spread of the virus. State Deputy Governor and Chairman of the committee, Engr. Benson Abounu, while declaring the event open at the New Banquet Hall of the Benue Peoples House Makurdi, said the training would equip members with knowledge on how to handle cases and also protect themselves from being infected with the virus. According to Abounu, the State Action Committee members’ preparedness towards response would be sharpened. He stressed that it would also build confidence and eliminate fear in them in the course of performing their duties. He said as the research for the vaccination and treatment of the global pandemic was being carried out, it was necessary to get acquainted with preventive and management measures. Abounu further stated that Benue had not recorded a fresh case of the COVID-19 apart from Susan Okpe who had been transferred to the isolation centre at the National Hospital Abuja for further management. He noted that the hospital where the index case was first admitted had been fumigated and closed for services, disclosing that about 23 contacts had been traced and put under self-isolation. The Deputy Governor who acknowledged the determination of the State Government to ensure adequate safety for Benue people, said fumigation of all markets in Makurdi had been completed while that of markets in other parts of the state was ongoing. He also stated that hand sanitizers were being procured and would be distributed across the state by next week, pointing out that donations from public-spirited individuals and philanthropists were also being received by the Benue State Government. The participants were split into groups and trained in Coordination, Surveillance, Laboratory work, Infection Prevention, Control, Case Management, Point of Entry, Risk Communication, Logistics as well as Health and Safety. Professor of Medicine from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, Stephen Aba anchored the training.