Some Enugu State stakeholders have commended Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for standing firm on the precautionary measures to checkmate the spread of the coronavirus disease in spite of pressure from various quarters. Governor Ugwuanyi had in his Easter message, declared that all precautionary measures put in place in the state to contain the spread of the Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), remained in force, in the overall public interest. Reacting to the Governor’s stance, a leader in the state and member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Board of Trustees (BOT), Amb. Mrs. Justina Eze, said that the governor has “demonstrated the highest level of sensitivity and commitment to the safety and wellbeing of the people of our dear state”. Amb. Eze applauded Gov. Ugwuanyi for his “focused and people-oriented leadership”, and for exhibiting the political will to contain COVID-19 in the state through various state government’s interventions and support for the state’s Multi-Sectoral Rapid Response Team for the pandemic as well as state residents. Her words: “His Excellency, Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, has proved to the people of Enugu State that he really cares for their health, safety and wellbeing. “This bold stance by our governor that the enforcement of the precautionary measures to contain the spread of this deadly viral disease remains, even when some states, out of pressure, had relaxed theirs, is worthy of commendation and tells more about his commitment to our wellbeing. “Since this pandemic reared its ugly head, we have seen our governor’s steadfastness to ensure that the people of Enugu State are safe and protected. His administration approved and released N330 million and additional N20 million to the state’s Multi-Sectoral Rapid Response Team to discharge their duties. “We have seen the state government activate three Isolation centres in Enugu and Nsukka, and at the same time, carrying out massive reconstruction and rehabilitation of Colliery Hospital Enugu to be dedicated as an Infectious Disease Isolation and Treatment Centre. “All educational institutions, markets, land boundaries, churches, among others, were closed to achieve the social distancing protocol, while the state Fire Service commenced the decontamination and fumigation of the state. “I learnt that the state government is, at the moment, distributing palliatives, which include the state’s Coal City Rice, to the less privileged in our remote communities through the churches, the physically challenged and other organizations. All these are to ensure that this COVID-19 is contained in this state and I sincerely commend our governor”.