Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa has said that many pastors will turn bus conductors if rapture happens. Giwa, in a statement to DAILY POST, urged religious leaders to encourage their members to stand firm in the Word of God. He observes that some pastors are now losing faith in God by relying on human beings to put an end to the present epidemic. The outspoken cleric who directed such religious leaders to 1 Peter 5:2, said, ” By their fruits, the Scripture says we shall know them. “I was in the world, enjoying myself before I took up this Ministry. When I released myself totally, I pledged to hold on to the truth and die for God instead of dying for humans. “Some pastors have started panicking just because of the disease created by the agents of Lucifer. “Don’t be a conductor who drops off before the bus takes off. “Can you now see how they are taking it too lightly? They don’t do what they preach. “If a man of God could open his mouth to say he relies on the scientific solutions, then, he does not know the God he serves. “So many pastors will turn to conductors during the tribulation period. “The race to heaven will be tough, and it takes those who endure forever to be saved. A conductor loads passengers on the bus but fails to secure a seat for himself as the bus takes off. “What does it profit a conductor to load the bus, but gets left behind? This is synonymous to the famous saying, ‘What does it profit a man to gain the whole world, yet forfeit his soul,’? “There are those who don’t practice what they preach, and these categories of people can be described as “conductors”. “As Christians, we must ensure that we put into practice what we say to others. “Jesus said to His disciples that, if anyone would come after me, he must deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow Him – in Luke 9:23. “So, I encourage all of us as we celebrate the resurrection of Christ to refrain from serving as conductors, but live in the WORD. “This is not the time to panic, this is not the time to attack one another. However, it is time to encourage our members to hold on to their faith in God.”