Nigerians on the social media have called on the Lagos State government to, with immediate effect, arrest popular Nollywood actress, Funke Akindele and her husband, Abdul Rasheed Bello, Nigerian singer and producer, better known as JJC Skillz. The couple defied both the State and the Federal government orders on Saturday when they hosted an in house party in celebration of JJC Skillz’s birthday. The party was crowded with popular faces such as Naira Marley and Eniola Badmus in attendance. Lagos State government had banned any gathering of more than twenty people and President Muhammadu Buhari, a week ago shut down Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States completely over the increasing cases of Coronavirus. However, the orders could not stop Funke and her husband from gathering a crowd at their home in Lagos for the birthday party. And this has infuriated Nigerians who took to Twitter to call them out, demanding their immediate arrest. Here are some angry response: @DOlusegun, “Funke Akindele and her husband should be arrested this
morning.” @Slimfit, “Funke Akindele and her husband probably don’t even know the consequence of their action. They only need one positive person in that gathering to infect the other idiots in attendance. They should all go on compulsory self isolation.” “Some people are more angry at the fact that i called Funke Akindele and her husband idiots, than they are about what they did. If you excuse such behaviour, you are an IDIOT too,” @Deshysmall wrote. @Tife_fabumni, “It’s actually disappointing when we see educated people act like illiterates.
Imagine a NCDC ambassador who is aware of what’s right and still doing the opposite. Even if you don’t care about your own health, what about those that attended the party? Funke Akindele messed up mehn.” @NotJustSalmanPR, “Sidney pranked us, he got away with it. If the government doesn’t arrest everyone that attended that Funke Akindele’s house party, Maybe everyone should just go back to their normal lives and let the virus kill all of us.” @UnclePamilerin, “I thought they said No movement.. how did that crowd get to Funke Akindele’s house . I’m so sure naira Marley does not stay in Amen Estate with her. Are we flying now.” @danny_walterr, “See the Crowd at Funke Akindele’s Party with Naira Marley in attendance, Eniola Badmus and people who just barely returned from the UK. The height of irresponsibility!” @OlisaOsega, “What Funke Akindele and the husband did was highly irresponsible, I expected both of them to know better. How can you organize a house party with so many people in attendance at this time when social distancing is very important. It’s disappointing really.” @AsiwajuLerry, “What impression does Funke Akindele leave to those who look up to her after that House party? Not to even talk about her being an ambassador for NCDC. Seeing Naira Marley there with his boys, Eniola Badmus too?? Missing just one birthday in a lifetime won’t kill you!” @holardarmolar, “You speak against social gatherings, not coming in contact with people..Yet, as an ambassador of NCDC, you Still went ahead to organize a house party? WTF! That won’t be his last birthday, common! Funke Akindele is a public figure and a role model. Hence, she really messed up!” Video…   #Coronaviruslockdown : #FunkeAkindele and her husband, #JJCSkillz defile government orders, party with #NairaMarley , #EniolaBadmus , others on Skillz’s birthday A post shared by  nwachukwu john owen (@realjohn_owen) on Apr 5, 2020 at 1:09am PDT 