The police in Ogun State said they have arrested a 28-year-old man, Godday Robinson for alleged rape, stealing, and attempted murder of a 17-year-old girl. DAILY POST learned that the incident occurred on April 22 at the Agbara area of Ado-Odo/Ota Local Government, Ogun State. Ogun Police Spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed the arrest on Thursday, in a statement made available to DAILY POST. According to Oyeyemi, the suspect was arrested following a report received by policemen attached to Agbara Area Command, claiming that a young lady was lying unconscious in a ten feet deep pit in a nearby bush. Upon the report by the good samaritan, the Agbara Area Commander was said to have detailed his men to the scene where the young lady was rescued with the help of members of the public, and taken to the hospital. “Having regained consciousness, the victim explained to the police that on the 22nd of April, while she was coming from night duty, which she performed in the company where she works, the suspect, who has been making advances at her, accosted her, capitalized on the isolated nature of the area and dragged her into the bush where he forcefully had unlawful carnal knowledge of her,” Oyeyemi said. The suspect was also said to have dispossessed the young lady of her Galaxy Samsung phone valued at N85,000. Not done, he allegedly “strangled her until she passed out momentarily.” “Having believed that she was dead, he dragged her further into the bush and dumped her into the pit. “After some time, she came back to life and started shouting for help,” it was learned. Oyeyemi stated further that “on the strength of her explanation, the area Commander ACP, Bolanle Muritala, gave an order to his detectives that the suspect be traced and apprehended. “The detectives swung into action immediately, traced the suspect, and arrested him. “On interrogation, the suspect made a confessional statement and owned up to the commission of the crime but blamed it on the devil,” he said. The police image maker said the Commissioner of Police in the state, CP Kenneth Ebrimson, has ordered that the suspect be transferred to the state CIID section for further investigation and prosecution.