President Muhammadu Buhari, on Sunday night received the Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, and the Director-General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Chikwe Ihekweazu. The trio held a closed-door meeting at the State House, Abuja. The parley was on the strange disease in Kano, the lockdown and the coronavirus crisis. Ehanire told State House correspondents that his ministry had been communicating with relevant agencies, including Kano State Government with a view to addressing the problem. The minister said further updates will be provided. He disclosed that he and Ihekweazu briefed the president on the activities of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. They also discussed the restriction in Abuja, Lagos and Ogun States, as the lockdown caused by the disease expires Monday night. The Nigerian leader is expected to announce a 14-day ban on inter-state movement as requested by governors. Ehanire said they gave Buhari the summary position of the PTF and the ministries, weighing health and socio-economic factors. The minister assured that Nigeria was winning the fight against the outbreak as all relevant health institutions were working in collaboration. He said: “The fight is going on very well. As I said, all countries have continued with the struggle against coronavirus, using the strategies that they have developed for their own countries. “We have developed a strong strategy as we are working with other expert groups like the NCDC and relevant health organisations. So, we are also working with the states and the governors.’’ Ihekweazu said NCDC will continue to build up its testing strategies. “At the moment, 14 testing centres have been activated across the country. We want to bring the test closer to every state. Everybody is working very hard to solve this problem. “I can see that some people are already procuring Rapid Diagnostic Test Kits. They don’t work as far as we know. So, I will really recommend that we all stick to the National Strategy, build on it, support its expansion and together we will get on top of the pandemic,’’ he stated.