President Muhammadu Buhari administration, on Sunday gave an update on Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) to Nigerians. But the latest information will again irk Nigerians who have been condemning the criteria. The Government announced that of the 428,941 beneficiaries that have received money, 130,455 are from Katsina State. Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, Sadiya Farouq, spoke at the weekend, during the delivery of three trucks of rice to the Katsina Government. She also flagged-off the disbursement of TraderMoni and MarketMoni to hundreds of beneficiaries in the state to boost their buinesses. A statement by her spokesman, Salisu Dambatta, said Faqouq, was represented by the Deputy Director in charge of Disaster Management, Abubakar Sulaiman. Farouq explained that the TraderMoni is a N10,000 loan to traders that depend on daily income, while the N5,000 MarketMoni is for providers of essential services, including shoe-makers and vulcanisers. The minister also disclosed that the first phase of the CCT of N20,000 to the poor and vulnerable households in Katsuna state has been concluded. “As at April 17th, 2020, a total of 428,941 beneficiaries have benefited from the Conditional Cash Transfer in 24 states, with 130,455 of them from Katsina State”, the statement read. “President Muhammadu Buhari has set up a technical committee to work with the Ministry to expand the National Social Register by one million additional households in order to include more vulnerable people whose conditions are at risk as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.” Governor Aminu Masari, represented by Hon. Abubakar Nasir, thanked the Buhari administration delivering the palliatives. Katsina is the home state of Buhari and is not on the top five states worst hit by coronavirus. The parameters used are not clear but citizens have argued that Lagos, a city of 22 million and under presidential lockdown should be top priority. Nigerians and groups continue to insist that the CCT policy is enmeshed in fraud and are demanding the full list of beneficiaries. Last Wednesday, Bola Tinubu, national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, advised the Buhari administration to send money to Nigerians via Bank Verification Number (BVN).