Nigeria and the Republic of Chad on Thursday agreed to sustain the tempo of the defeat suffered by Boko Haram where five bases of the terror group in both countries were destroyed. The Minister of Defence, Maj.-Gen. Bashir Magashi (rtd) speaking at the bilateral meeting of Ministers of Defense of the two countries in Abuja said now is the time to sustain the tempo of the current operation to retain the gain recorded by the multinational joint task by destroying Boko Haram’s base. He added that the creation of the multi-national joint task force by the two countries had unleashed a deadly blow on insurgency, NAN reports. “We need to seek ways to end Boko Haram and the meeting will come up with acceptable ways of ending the insurgence. “We need new strategies to fast track the rooting out of Boko Haram if we want our region to be free of terrorists,” he said. The minister said despite the successes recorded in the fight against Boko Haram, Nigeria was concerned about the heightening activities of the terrorist group as suggested by a recent attack on military locations. He also raised alarm over the spate of kidnapping, banditry and other heinous activities in the country. He added that the Nigerian armed forces had not relented in its efforts to fight all terrorist group operating in the sub-region while commending the success recorded in individual countries through the multinational joint task force Magashi said the current security challenges ravaging the entire world over COVID-19 with far-reaching socio-economic consequences and the current security development on the restriction of movement also necessitated the meeting. “I must also add that the meeting held at this auspicious time and the premium our governments placed on our nation, we respectively commend the two Presidents for their determination,” he said. The Chadian Minister of Defence, Mahamat Aba-Ali Soilah, however, promised his support for the fight, adding that the government of Chad would sustain the tempo. It would be recalled that Boko Haram has suffered heavy defeats in the hands of Chadian troops. Chad President, Deby led troops last week Saturday and captured Boko Haram’s arm store in Sambisa. The attack against the insurgents was in retaliation over an ambush which killed over 90 soldiers.