The Lagos State Government, on Thursday, issued fresh guidelines for public transport operations effective Monday, May 4. This is part of the controlled measures to ease the lockdown over COVID-19 pandemic. Commissioner for Transportation, Frederic Oladeinde, released the guidelines at a media briefing in Lagos. Public transport operations within the state shall be between the hours of 6.00a.m and 7.00p.m daily from May 4. Inter-state operation remains suspended until further notice, except for essential services. The same suspension applies to commercial motorcycles (Okada). The commissioner said commuters must wear face masks at all times, sanitise their hands with alcohol-based sanitisers or wash their hands with soap and running water before and after each trip. ”All transport operators/companies are expected to disinfect their vehicles, parks and garages regularly and continuously in collaboration/supervision of the Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources to ensure standards and safety of the disinfectant being used. “All transport operators/companies are expected to have at the entrance of their respective parks handwashing equipment with running water and alcohol-based sanitisers. “Disinfectant companies are to be guided by the Environmental Health Unit of the Ministry of Environment and Water Resources. Operators are expected to have alcohol-based sanitisers in their vehicles for both drivers, conductors and passengers,” Oladeinde said. Motor parks and garages must not be overcrowded with passengers and commercial activities, while social distancing is mandatory for passengers queuing to board buses. “NCDC recommends that at least 2m (5feet) distance is required between people; operators are not allowed to overcrowd/overload their vehicles at this point in time. “All public buses should be 60 per cent capacity (i.e for buses, one passenger with driver in the front seat, two passengers on the back rows each and two passengers for a tricycle),” he added. Oladeinde said trucks and individuals transporting foods and other raw materials must always use face masks and an alcohol-based hand sanitisers. All vehicles carrying foods and other agricultural produce in and out of Lagos must not carry passengers more than seven on board. Vehicles used for the transportation of food items and other services must be disinfected before gaining access into the state’s border and when leaving, under strict monitoring by relevant government agencies. On Mechanic Village operations, Oladeinde said the engineers shall work between the hours of 9.00a.m and 3.00p.m daily starting from May 4 till further notice. Oladeinde said water transport operations within the state shall be from 6.00a.m to 6.00p.m daily starting from May 4 till further notice. “Boat operators and passengers are mandated in addition to life jackets, to wear face masks at all times, sanitise their hands or wash their hands with soap and running water before and after each trip. ”Operators and other stakeholders are mandated to comply with these guidelines as the Ministry of Transportation and her enforcement agencies/departments will be deployed for prompt enforcement with heavy consequences,” he said.