Festus Keyamo, the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, has condemned the killing of innocent lives in Warri, Delta State by soldiers. The Delta State Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa had ordered people of the state to stay at home in a bid to tackle the spread of COVID-19 in the state. Following the order, a task Force team was deployed across the state to enforce the stay-at-home order. But a video had emerged online of soldiers deployed to enforce the lockdown order in the state of killing a young man identified as Joseph Pessu in Warri. Pessu was shot dead around Ada-Val Areyenka junction in Ugbuwangue community in Warri South Local Government Area of the state. However, Keyamo in a statement he personally signed vowed to forward a petition to relevant authorities to investigate the killing of Pessu and ensure that the officer or officers involved are made to face the wrath of the law. In the statement titled: “I condemn the killing of innocent live(s) in Warri by soldiers enforcing COVID-19 lockdown,” the Minister described the killing as barbaric. It reads: “I have received disturbing reports and images of the high-handedness and shooting of innocent citizens by men of the armed forces deployed to enforce the COVID-19 lockdown in my State, Delta State. “Specifically, I have received reports of the killing of an innocent young man, Mr. Joseph Pessu in Warri. I unreservedly condemn this barbaric act by men of the armed forces who should exercise restraint when dealing with the civilian populace. “I will be forwarding a petition to the relevant authorities to thoroughly investigate this murder and bring the officer(s) to book. In the interim, let us not take the laws into our hands, please.” The Minister urged people of the state to be law-abiding and respect the restrictions imposed by the state government. “I will also use this medium to sincerely appeal to my brothers and sisters in Delta State to be law-abiding and obey the orders of restrictions imposed by both the Delta State Government and the Federal Government. They are lawful orders, and they are for our own good. “Images and reports of attack on law-enforcement agents by the civilian populace do not help our cause. “I call on all and sundry in the entire country too to exercise the utmost restraint at this point,” he added.