I have a PhD in Medical Biochemistry and my research interests have been on the use of plants and plant products to ameliorate the symptoms of diseases. For some years now I have been researching on black seed (Nigella sativa) and scent leaf (Ocimum gratissimum). My research proved that Nigella sativa and Ocimum gratissimum have immense health benefits. I have a lot of articles already published in top peer reviewed international journals detailing my findings on the health benefits of black seed and scent leaf. My research which is in the state of publication in a top journal also proves that Nigella sativa and Ocimum gratissimum tea can be used in immune boosting and to ameliorate the symptoms of the coronavirus disease COVID-19. It has always been known from folklore that these two plants are of great help to mankind and can be used to treat malaria, respiratory problems, diabetes, fever, pneumonia, diarrhea and conjunctivitis. COVID -19 disease has worse effects on people with underlying conditions like diabetes and heart condition. This informed my decision to check the effects of black seed and scent leaf on sugar level, cholesterol, triglycerides, high density lipoproteins (HDL), Low density lipoproteins (LDL) and very low density lipoproteins (VLDL) using induced hyperlipidemic and hyperglycemic state. My research showed that aqueous extract of N. sativa and O. gratissimum might be effective immune booster in the fight against coronavirus (COVID 19) because apart from containing high levels of vitamins A and C, black seed and scent leaf drastically reduced sugar levels, cholesterol, triglyceride, high density lipoproteins, low density lipoproteins and very low density lipoproteins in the blood. Black seed and scent leaf can also be used in treating ailments relating to the kidney as black seed and scent leaf significantly reduced elevated levels of electrolytes, urea and creatinine. Furthermore, black seed and scent leaf have hepatoprotective effect on the liver as their aqueous extract also decreased the liver enzyme activities like alkaline phosphatase, alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase activities. Histopathological studies showed that black seed and scent leaf had no toxic effect on the liver, kidney and pancreas. There have been cases of COVID-19 patients who successfully managed their symptoms with black seed oil. Thus proving that black seed can be successfully used in the management of COVID-19. My research showed that scent leaf performed as well as black seed in the biochemical analysis assayed and has also shown to produce no adverse effects on the body. There is currently no treatment or vaccine available to treat this disease as at yet. Since coronavirus disease COVID–19 turned into a global pandemic, scientists all over the world have been making efforts to produce solutions to combat this disease especially in immune boosting. Plants and plant products provide a potential source of immune boosting medication. All rights reserved @ Ngozi Franca Okoye PhD 2020. DR NGOZI FRANCA OKOYE.  SENIOR LECTURER DEPARTMENT OF BIOCHEMISTRY UNIVERSITY OF PORT HARCOURT RIVERS STATE NIGERIA. Email: ngozi.okoye@uniport.edu.ng.