Residents of Zamfara State and other parts of the country are no doubt facing difficulties in this time of their lives following the outbreak of the dreaded coronavirus pandemic that has denied them the freedom of association and movement. DAILY POST observed that civil servants in Zamfara State have been complaining that they were not going into the Ramadan with clean minds. One of the civil servants interviewed by our reporter, Abdulahi Gwandu decried the sad situation of the country, stressing that there is no more need to be talking about hell when Nigerians are already in hell. “Nigeria is an oil-rich country but I have seen many Nigerians suffering in the midst of plenty. We claim to have the Economic financial crime commission (EFCC), ICPC, yet the level of corruption is becoming unbearable to the detriment of the common man.” According to him, the global markets have continued to suffer from the vagaries of the COVID -19 pandemic as the prices of foodstuffs and essential materials continue to skyrocket to the extent that they cannot be affordable by the common man. He noted that the advanced countries were supporting their citizens especially now that the COVID-19 pandemic is ravaging the entire world. “But in Nigeria, there is nothing like that even though we are one of the largest producers of crude oil in the world,” he lamented. Another citizen who did not want his name mentioned, said the people at the grassroots no longer have confidence in their leaders. “You cannot expect us to obey the laws when we are hungry. Don’t forget that a hungry man is an angry man. So, there are some extents that we can blame some youths who are involved in armed banditry, kidnappings and other forms of crime in the country.” He reminded the leaders especially, Islamic faithful that this season is a period that any Muslim leader is not supposed to toil with, saying that a real Muslim leader is expected to know the importance of Ramadan in Islam. “Poverty can be likened to leprosy, but the main difference is that leprosy attacks the bony while poverty attacks the mind,” he said.