The Ikorodu General Hospital on Saturday recorded a suspected COVID-19 related death, the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports. A reliable source told NAN that the deceased was rushed to the hospital by her relatives on April 12 for treatment. The deceased patient was said to have had Kidney failure but later started manifesting suspected COVID-19 symptoms. The relatives were advised by the hospital to take the woman to the Infectious Disease Hospital, Yaba, Lagos for COVID-19 screening but they disagreed. It was learned that four health workers had direct contact with the deceased patient. “Against medical advice, the deceased patient was, however, taken back home by relatives. “But, she was brought back to the hospital and presented at the Emergency Centre the following night in critical condition,” NAN reported. The source noted that the deceased was again admitted and isolated in a separate ward. “But unfortunately, the patient died before daybreak in the hospital,” the source told NAN. According to the source, officials of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) were informed and came to the hospital to take samples from the deceased patient. The source told NAN that they were informed on Friday that the deceased result tested positive to COVID-19, with a warning to the hospital management to isolate all health officials that attended to the deceased patient. Information obtained by NAN revealed that NCDC officials were at the Ikorodu General Hospital on Friday to take samples of health workers who attended to the deceased. “Some of the health workers that attended to the patient had been crying, as most of them did not use Personal Protective Equipment (PPEs), while attending to the deceased patient. “Most times, health workers wear nylon as PPE, and the numbers of gloves, which are usually about two to four given daily to each health worker to attend to patients are inadequate,” the source said. Efforts made by NAN to get a response from the Medical Director of Ikorodu General Hospital, Dr. Oluwafunmilayo Bankole proved abortive. However, Mr. Tunbosun Ogunbanwo, the Public Affairs Director, Lagos State Ministry of Health, denied he was aware of the case.