The police in Ogun State have debunked the rumour circulating on the social that the DPO of Ibara Police station, SP Segun Abeeb Dada, died because he allegedly undressed a masquerade last Sunday. DAILY POST reported that a masquerade was arrested by the police on March 29, for violating government order banning gatherings of more than 20 persons in, Ijeja, Abeokuta. Our correspondent gathered that the DPO of the station, Dada, died yesterday after an illness. But, some individuals have attributed the death of the police officer to the arrest of the masquerade. Reacting, the Ogun State police Spokesperson, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said: “The attention of Ogun state police command has been drawn to a mischievous information circulating on social media attributing the untimely death of one of the finest, humble and dedicated officers of the command to the recent arrest of a recalcitrant masequrade who violated the social distancing directives of the Federal and state government. “The command wouldn’t have joined issue with those circulating the fake news but the wrong and mischievous impression needs to be clarified.” Oyeyemi explained that the late DPO had been on sick bed for the past one month, saying he was battling with an ailment which later resulted to his untimely death. The police spokesman said Dada was not on duty when the said masequrade was arrested because he was in the hospital. “The masequrade was arrested on Sunday 29th of March, 2020 for violating the government directives, while the DPO was on sick bed at Federal Medical Center Idi Aba Abeokuta, until he breathed his last, he was not even aware of the said masequrade’s arrest,” Oyeyemi stated. According to him, “It will be ignorant of anyone to attribute his death to the arrest of the recalcitrant masequrade just to attract traffic to his or her blog.” He stressed further that anybody who may have had reasons to meet the late DPO when he was alive “will attest to his humble and polite nature.” He described the late Dada as “an embodiment of what a gentleman officer should be”; adding that “the Nigeria Police Force, Ogun state police command in particular, will forever miss him.” “To those circulating the unfounded rumour, your mischievous information will not deter us from carrying out our constitutional duty, no matter who is involved. “If Pastors and Imams can be arrested for violating the government directives, no masquerade should think of being above the law,” he emphasised.