Founder of the Zionwealth Church, Apostle Chris Omashola has condoled with President Muhammadu Buhari over the death of Abba Kyari, the President’s Chief of Staff, who died yesterday of COVID-19. The Cleric In his condolence message said that Kyari’s death remained a massive blow. Omashola described Kyari as a national treasure, a hero, a worthy leader and a man with a great mind. He said, “The nation will forever remember Abba Kyari as an honest and transparent leader, with astounding humility and a fervent passion to serve his people. I pray that God gives the presidency and the family of the deceased the fortitude to bear this widespread national loss,” Omashola stated. The cleric also sympathized with Kyari’s family, who experience the sudden loss of a father, uncle and grandfather. “I pray that we will all see the end of this satanic wind, soon, and have reasons to celebrate in peace and victory. I pray the Almighty Allah will bestow upon you, your family, and the nation, more strength, health, wisdom and peace. “May the torch of Abba Kyari’s legacy, remain a burning flame in our hearts, and in our nation. Stay strong.” Also, Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State expressed sadness over the passing away of Mallam Abba Kyari, Chief of Staff to President Muhammadu Buhari. Okowa said he was pained by the fact that the elder statesman died of the dreaded COVID-19. The governor conveyed the condolence message in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Olisa Ifeajika, on Saturday in Asaba. He said that Kyari’s death was a huge loss to the Presidency and the entire nation, considering his strategic role in the current administration. He commiserated with the family, President Buhari and the entire Presidency over the loss, and urged them to be consoled by the legacies of integrity and capacity exhibited by the elder statesman. “It is with great sadness that I, my family, the government and people of Delta commiserate with Mr President, the Kyari family and the entire Presidency on the passing away of octogenarian elder statesman, Mallam Abba Kyari. “His death remains a great loss, not just to his family, but President Buhari’s administration, given his coordinating responsibilities to the President. “Indeed, the late Abba Kyari was very supportive of the President and I can only imagine the grief and sorrow that has befallen our dear President on this loss.” Similarly, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, an apex pan-Igbo socio-cultural organisation, commiserated with President Muhammadu Buhari over the death of his Chief of Staff, Mallam Abba Kyari. The condolence message was contained in a statement issued by the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Nnia Nwodo, in Enugu on Saturday. It said, “It is with shock that I learnt of the demise of the Chief of Staff to the President, Mallam Abba Kyari, as a result of the deadly Coronavirus. “On behalf of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, I commiserate with President Muhammadu Buhari and the good people of Nigeria on this unfortunate development. “With the death of Kyari, all Nigerians should now understand that nobody, both high and low, is exempted from this ravaging pandemic. “We should observe strictly all the precautionary measures put in place by government and medical professionals, especially social distancing. “This exhortation has become more imperative because from reports, the virus is said not to be a city case alone anymore, but that it has crept into communities, making it more ominous and dangerous,’’ he added.