Former Imo State Governor, Emeka Ihedioha, has concluded plans to return to the Supreme Court over the judgement that sacked him and declared Hope Uzodinma as governor. An aide of the former House of Representatives Deputy Speaker made the confirmation to DAILY POST on Monday. “My principal is definitely approaching the court before the end of this week. His lawyers are prepared to file an application for review of the judgement”, said the source who served as a Special Adviser. Two weeks ago, the apex court, in a unanimous decision, ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to issue Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) certificate of return (CoR). A seven-man panel held that Ihedioha of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) did not win the majority of votes cast at the March 9, 2019 governorships election. The judgment delivered by Justice Kudirat Kekere-Ekun, stated that the candidate of the APC won on grounds that he polled majority of the lawful votes cast at the election. The court held that the lower court erred in law when it rejected evidence tendered before them to the extent that votes from 388 polling units were not credited to APC and Uzodinma. Kekere-Ekun said with the result from the 388 polling units, the APC governorship candidate polled majority lawful vote and ought to have been declared the winner of the election by INEC. The ruling led to nationwide protests by PDP members, concerned groups and Nigerians. On Sunday, a coalition of civil society groups under the aegis of Abuja Discussion Group, urged Ihedioha to urgently seek back review of the judgment. Dr Manzo Abubakar, Executive Director, said that the Supreme Court’s decision in the appeal was “unreliable and unscientific”. He said that there was nowhere in the petition or evidence that Uzodinma claimed that he met the constitutional requirement of the spread to be declared the winner. “Uzodinma only claimed it in the reliefs without any supporting pleadings or evidence; it is one of the wonders of the world that the Supreme court declared him winner without any evidence is spread”, NAN quoted him as saying. He noted that the Supreme Court has denied the Imo people the opportunity to chose their leader, adding that His Lordships are mortals and are prone to mistakes. Abubakar called on Ihedioha to approach the court to correct the errors they made in their decision and restore justice, peace and hope in the judicial system to restore public confidence in the judiciary. Meanwhile, there has been a gale of defection in Imo since Uzondinma assumed office. Some PDP state lawmakers, including the House of Assembly Deputy Speaker, have defected to the ruling APC. /