The Abia state government has insisted that the State government would withdraw certificate of Occupancy of any landlord who allows his or her front-porch to be used for trading activities. The Commissioner of Trade and Investment, Dr. Cosmos Ndukwe, who spoke shortly after conducting Governor Okezie Ikpeazu round the isi-gate Old market in Umuahia, the state capital during the weekend, cautioned house owners in the state to adhere to the directive of the government to avoid their buildings being revoked. Speaking, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu said he was impressed with the level of compliance on the relocation of traders at Isigate umuahia to designated markets in the state. The Governor directed the Ministry of Trade and Investment to sustain the tempo on the successes recorded so far, adding that if the space at Isigate is allowed fallow for a long time, traders might be tempted to return to the area. Meanwhile, a chieftain of the Social Democratic Party, SDP, Chika Ukandu-Okpi, Monday, cried out over alleged demolition of a section of a building belonging to her father and located at Kaduna Street Umuahia, the capital city of Abia state. The SDP stalwart described as unacceptable, the action of the agents of Governor Okezie Ikpeazu-led government in the state. Recall that the Abia government had on Monday commenced demolition of residential buildings converted to shops after expiration of December 31st, 2019 deadline issued to house owners in Umuahia and Aba. However, speaking with reporters in Umuahia, the state capital, Ukandu-Okpi urged Abia government to call its agents to order, so as to forestall the demolition agents from tarnishing the image of the state government. She narrated, “I normally stay at the building when ever i return from Canada where I am based. I heard a knock on the wall at about 5pm on Wednesday 9th January, and I came out to ask, I was told by the boys(agents of Abia government) that they came for the demolition exercise that they were sent by the Commissioner for Commerce & Trade Rt. Hon. Cosmos Ndukwe to demolish the fencing. “Honestly, I don’t know why they embarked on the exercise since the building is not a market, i tried to resist their actions, one of the boys flogged me and started calling me a prostitute and all sort of names. I invited the police into the matter”. She said, “I support the efforts of the State government to clean up Umuahia. It was due to her passion and love for a clean city that made people like me to come down to contest the last 2019 election. Both the building and its fencing does not pose any threat to the city”. Ukandu-Okpi further stated that she has never met the Commissioner and has never had personal issues with him, wondering why such directive should come from the Commissioner. However, the Abia Commissioner of Trade and Investment, Dr. Cosmos Ndukwe could not be reached as at the time of filing this report to comment on the development.