Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, office in Nsukka Local Government Area of Enugu State, was early Saturday set ablaze by unknown arsonists. This occurred amid rising tension over the forthcoming local government election in the State. This is as many aspirants in Nsukka Council Area, under the platform of the party, have been crying out over the alleged hijack of the process by the party hierarchy, in favour of a particular candidate. Mr. Fabian Onah, PDP chairman in Nsukka LGA, who confirmed the inferno, while speaking to journalists, said he was informed in the morning that part of the building was set ablaze. 2. Two people have been killed and two others seriously injured following an attack on Gora-Gan community in Zangon Kataf local government area of Kaduna state by unidentified gunmen. The council chairman, Mr Elias Manza, confirmed the incident, saying the incident happened when some youths were playing around the village market square. The unknown gunmen, according to the chairman opened fire on the youths, killing two girls instantly, while two boys sustained various degrees of injuries. 3. John Oyegun, former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has lamented that Nigeria was currently not working. Oyegun maintained that Nigerians were increasingly becoming unhappy with the state of things. Speaking in Abuja, Oyegun lamented that the Federal Government was not addressing what was making people poor and unhappy. 4. U.S. President, Donald Trump, on Saturday said that Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei “should be very careful” about what he says. According to Trump on Twitter, the so-called ‘Supreme Leader’ of Iran, who has not been so Supreme lately, had some nasty things to say about the United States and Europe even when their economy is crashing, and their people are suffering. 5. Save Lagos Group, a Southwest Association has given the All Progressives Congress stalwart, Bola Tinubu, 24 hours to reveal his position on the Western Nigeria Security Network codenamed ‘Operation Amotekun’. In a statement on Friday, the Convener, Save Lagos Group, Adeniyi Sulaiman, said the group was giving Tinubu 24 hours to speak up. Sulaiman asked Tinubu, who is an advocate of restructuring, to be courageous regardless of his rumoured Presidential ambition. 6. Report gas claimed that despite the National Assembly’s resistance on electricity tariff hike, the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission has drafted a timetable and proposals for consultations with stakeholders on how to review power tariffs beginning from April 2020. 7. Adams Oshiomhole, National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has said his party deserved the victory handed it by the Supreme Court in the Imo State governorship election. Oshiomhole explained that APC deserved the judgement based on the ‘facts’ available to the court and the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC. Oshomhole in a press conference over the weekend in Abuja described the INEC declaration of Ihedioha as governor of Imo State as fraudulent since the sacked governor never met the required one-quarter vote in two-thirds of the 27 local government areas of the state. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday congratulated the current World Heavyweight Boxing Champion, Anthony Joshua. He met with Joshua at a meeting with a select group of the Nigerian Community in the United Kingdom. Buhari hailed AJ, as fondly called, on regaining his world championship belt. The president said the boxer put Nigeria “on the world map again like Hogan Bassey.” 9. Ex-Imo State governor, Emeka Ihedioha has said he pity for those celebrating the verdict of the Supreme Court, which sacked him as governor of the State. Speaking with members of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) at his Abuja residence on Saturday, Ihedioha said the judgment was more about the country’s democracy than himself but that he was still in shock over the verdict. 10. The Nigerian military says no fewer than 608 repentant Boko Haram insurgents are currently undergoing De-radicalisation, Rehabilitation and Reintegration (DRR) Programme by Operation Safe Corridor (OSC) at Malam-Sidi, Gombe State. Brig:- Gen. Musa Ibrahim, Commandant DRR Camp OSC, made this known when the Managing Director, North East Development Commission (NEDC), Mohammed Alkali visited the camp on Saturday.