Five reasons have emerged on why subscribers rush for T.Pumpy Estate lands in the federal capital city, Abuja. T.Pumpy Developers Concepts Limited, developers of T Pumpy Estates, has over 22 housing estates spread across Abuja, the nation’s capital. However, many people have been wondering why subscribers have been rushing for their lands. Here are five reason Nigerians are rushing for their lands.  AFFORDABILITY: T.Pumpy lands are affordable for every Nigerian, irrespective of class or status. In fact, in its ongoing promo, ‘the developers that care’ have slashed land sales to N2,020,000 and are offering 2,020 free blocks plus 20 percent discounts. The land is about 650sqm for 4 or 5 bedroom duplex or penthouse or can be used for 4-bedroom standard bungalow. Accessibility: The over 22 housing estates owned and managed by T.Pumpy across the nation’s capital are accessible. Most of the lands boast of access roads as one can easily connect the city centre. AUTHENTICITY: All the lands and estates managed by T.Pumpy are genuine, verifiable and government approved. Chairman of the phase 3 of the estate in Lugbe, Pastor Emmanuel Joseph Balla, had affirmed that has been living in the estate and has not had any problem with the authorities regarding the authenticity of the land.  “I bought the land and obtained the necessary documents, I can say that right from the foundation till when I parked into my house, I never had any challenge with the authorities. ” To the best of my knowledge, the land is genuine and has not issue. I can boldly recommend it for anyone interested in owning a property in Abuja,” he had said in an interview with newsmen.  PAYMENT FLEXIBILITY: Payment Flexibility is one of the reasons T.Pumpy lands are like hot cakes to subscribers. T.Pumpy has a vision to make sure that every Nigerian has a roof over his or her head and they have kept to this guiding mantra by making payment flexible for any interested buyer. For instance, in the ongoing promo, market value of the land is N3m, however, the company is giving out 20 percent discount, which is N600,000 and 2,020 block, which is valued at N380,000. SINCERITY: This is the keyword that has kept the company going for years. T.Pumpy has been sincere to her subscribers and occupiers. Once a land paid for, you will get the papers without much ado.  The T-Pumpy Concept team has decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home design and construction. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve. Follow us on our social media platforms. Insagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com WhatsApp/call: 09054545468 or 09023333380 Corporate Office address: No. 12, Monrovia Street, Off Aminu Kano Crescent, Wuse II district, Abuja Annex House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja.