Do you want to share the spotlight by having a colorfully themed wedding? Yes you can! and TECNO has got your back this Valentine’s season. When it comes to tying the knot, your wedding reception is the biggest part of your wedding. While there are a couple of things that might go wrong during your wedding-like foods not enough, small chops finished etc, having someone to make sure your guests get the best possible experience is a moment that one won’t forget in a hurry. Ah! It’s the month of February, a time to show love and be loved. Are you bold enough to make your partner your valentine forever? Participate in the TECNO Blue Valentine for a chance to get your wedding reception sponsored by TECNO to the tune of 1.5 Million Naira. To participate, Visit the TECNO Blue Valentine activity posts on social media (Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter and follow the instructions on how to participate). Post your pre-wedding photos with a short story on how you met your partner. Your story must be authentic, genuine, and supported by friends. . Don’t forget to add your wedding date and the hashtag #ValentineForever & #TECNOBlueValentine A Special Spot for Everyone Else Not planning to take that leap? Then, nominate that couple that strongly needs 1.5 Million Naira support for their wedding. You can do so by posting a picture/Selfie of the couple or a picture you made with them and accompany it with a story about how you met the couple and tag their handles. Don’t forget to share with the hashtag #ValentineForever & #TECNOBlueValentine. Five couples will win a unique night getaway while the grand prize winner will win a wedding reception sponsorship to the tune of 1.5 Million Naira. How to Participate Offline Visit TECNO authorized store to purchase the Camon 12 Pro or Camon 12 Air. You will receive an instant gift and a love note for a chance to win a special Valentine gift. One customer wins a night getaway in an exotic Hotel. The TECNO Blue Valentine special will hold from 22nd January to 15 February 2020. For more details, visit TECNOSpot for the Terms and conditions