Rivers State Police Command has confirmed that an auto mechanic identified as Chima Ikwunado died in police custody at the E-Crack in Mile Port Harcourt. Spokesman man of the Command, Nnamdi Omoni, said contrary to reports circulati g in online media that the mechanic was tortured to death, reports from autopsy according to the commander of E-Crack , SP Benson Adetuyi revealed that the victim died of high sugar level. Omoni, a Deputy Superintendent of Police, who also confirmed the arraignment of four other suspects in the matter, said the suspects are already at the Port Harcourt Correctional Service and that the commissioner of Police has ordered investigation into the incident, which he said has already commenced. DSP Omoni pleaded with family of the victim and members of the public to remain calm while the police conclude their investigation, assuring that those found guilty will be punished accordingly. “As a Command, we are aware of that incident and our attention has also been drawn to the online publication. “The briefing we have received from the Commander of E-Crack, SP Adetuyi is that the man died in detention and they had to conduct autopsy on him and found that he died of high sugar level. “He confirmed that all the people mentioned were arrested for crime and while they were in custody, Chima died. Others who were arrested with him are in court and they are in ATM. “The Commissioner of Police has directed the DC State CID to review the matter and that has commenced already. “If at the end of the day they discover that cause of death is as result of negligence of our men either covertly or overtly, they will go in for it. “We just want to appeal to members of the public and the family of Chima to please be patient with us. Let them give us time to get to the root of this matter,” Omoni said. It will interest you to know that the owner of the car which was been repaired by the mechanic before his arrest along with his boys had raised alarm of how his mechanic, Chima was allegedly murdered in police custody after collecting over one hundred and fifty thousand naira from the victims. The owner of the car who pleaded anonymity, had also narrated what he suffered in the hands of the officers in charge of the matter before recovering his cars, saying that he never reported to police that his car was missing, fact the Police is yet to dispute. The story of the car owner has sparked rage among many Nigerians with the #JUSTICEFORCHIMA currently trending on social media. While Chima is now late, the suspects who were arraigned by the police and remanded at the Port Harcourt Correctional Service are; Victor Ogbonna, Osaze Friday, Ifeanyi Osuji and Ifeanyi Onyekwere.