All Progressives Congress National Leader (APC), Bola Tinubu, has felicitated with Senate President Ahmed Ibrahim Lawan on his 61st birthday. He described him as a profound academic, experienced parliamentarian, patriotic Nigerian, excellent politician and forthright human being. Tinubu said Lawan had changed the face of law-making and Executive-National Assembly relationship forever. In a statement by his Media Office on Sunday, in Abuja, the APC leader said: “I heartily congratulate Senate President Ahmed Ibrahim Lawan on turning 61 and join his family, colleagues in the 9th National Assembly, the government and people of his Yobe home-state and indeed all Nigerians in wishing him a most memorable birthday. “This occasion brings to mind Dr Lawan’s commitment to the country, consistency and reliability as a lawmaker and politician. “His rich background as an academic and lawmaker has positively impacted law-making and institutional relationship. “Having previously served two terms in the House of Representatives and three terms in the Senate before emerging Senate President in his fourth term, he has lodged remarkable institutional memory such that he is undoubtedly one of the most experienced lawmakers we have around today. “It is no surprise that the gains of his leadership of the Senate and chairmanship of the National Assembly have been bounteous. “Within a spate of one year, the 9th National Assembly under him passed the all-important Deep Offshore and Inland Basin Production Sharing Contract law to shore up Nigeria’s oil revenue, and returned the country to January-December fiscal circle among other things”. Also, the national leadership of the party said history will remember Lawan for getting Nigeria back to the January to December budget cycle. APC National Publicity Secretary, Lanre Issa-Onilu, in a statement, said Lawan’s leadership of the 9th National Assembly has put the interest of Nigerians above any pecuniary interest. It read: “In less than a year since the current lawmakers were inaugurated, Senator Lawan has deftly moulded a Senate where the party in the majority, the APC has been working harmoniously with the minority parties on common issues of national concern. “The 9th National Assembly under Senator Lawan has continued to enact people-oriented legislations and sustained cordial working relationship with other arms of government, a critical requirement for good governance and smooth administration of the country. “Significantly, the 9th National Assembly’s timely passage of the 2020 National Budget and landmark restoration of the January to December financial/budget cycle is a notable achievement that will translate to tremendous economic growth for our dear country. “Surely, history will fondly remember Senator Ahmed Lawan for this laudable achievements. In acknowledgement of the Senate President’s sterling leadership qualities, our party recently appointed him to lead the APC National Reconciliation Committee. . “We pray Almighty Allah continues to grant Senator Ahmed Lawan good health and wisdom to continue to steer the affairs of the 9th National Assembly and that of the country.” In his message, President Muhammadu Buhari showered praise on Lawan. 