The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has advised passengers and other airport users in Nigerian to comply with all quarantine procedures at the nation’s airports. Spokeswoman for FAAN, Mrs. Henrietta Yakubu in a press release on Tuesday said it’s an effort to protect passengers from the epidemic ravaging China and some countries She advised passengers to submit themselves for routine quarantine checks whenever they are asked to. DAILY POST reported that a deadly virus known as CORONAVIRUS broke out in China and has since killed six people, with over 800 also reported to have been infected. The virus is highly communicable and has already spread to border countries like Japan, Thailand and South Korea. At least six people are reported to have died from the virus, and almost 300 others infected in China. The statement read: “In an effort to protect passengers from the epidemic ravaging some countries and to prevent the spread of such communicable diseases into Nigeria, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria hereby advises passengers and other airport users to comply with all quarantine procedures at the nation’s airports. “All the equipment and personnel used in combating the deadly ebola virus in 2014 are still very much in place at the airports. “FAAN has always had thermal scanners in her airports that monitor temperature of passengers and capture their pictures. “When passengers walk pass the scanner, it registers their temperature and If too high, they are pulled aside for observation. “Recently, a deadly virus known as CORONAVIRUS broke out in China and has since killed six people, with over 300 also reported to have been infected. The virus is highly communicable and has already spread to border countries like Japan, Thailand and South Korea. “The Authority, in collaboration with the Federal Ministry of Health, have confirmed the adequacy of the facilities at the nation’s airports to prevent the importation of the virus through the airports. “Passengers are therefore advised to submit themselves for routine quarantine checks whenever they are asked to. FAAN…. Committed to her core values of Safety, Security and Comfort.”