Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola, has said that going by the composition and antecedent of Nigeria’s nation-state, the indivisibility of the entity is not negotiable in any way. He stressed that, keeping Nigeria as one indivisible corporate entity, irrespective of its diverse composition, will go a long way to appreciate the selfless disposition and sacrifices made by the country’s founding fathers. The governor, therefore, charged Nigerians to be patriotic and strive consistently to promote National integration and peaceful co-existence. Oyetola made this known on Tuesday at the official launch of the Year 2020 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration Emblem and Appeal Fund, held at Government House, Osogbo, the Osun State capital. He maintained that the commemoration must naturally motivate and spur Nigerian citizens to collectively stand against insurgency, as he reiterated his administration’s commitment to maintaining peace, unity and stability in the state. Speaking on the significance of the event, Oyetola said, “we shall not relent in our efforts to remember our veterans and fallen heroes by taking care of their interests and rallying support for them from time to time as our appreciation for their sacrifice. “This historic event is in appreciation of the efforts of our gallant soldiers who sacrificed their lives, comfort, family and freedom so that we can enjoy our own lives, families and peace. ”They are distinguished patriots who fought for national and international ideals to keep humanity together and for whom service in the interest of the nation and the world is enough gratification. “We believe as a government that maintaining the peace that our veterans fought and died for and taking care of their welfare and those of their loved ones are the minimum we can do to reciprocate their patriotism and supreme sacrifices of our fallen heroes. “On behalf of the Government and people of the state of Osun, I deeply appreciate the Federal Government for coming up with this Armed Forces Emblem and Appeal Fund initiative and for working relentlessly to deliver peace to the nation. “The State of Osun is irrevocably committed to the Armed Forces Emblem and Appeal Fund initiative. As a way of expressing our avowed commitment, we have always donated generously to the Appeal Fund. We did it last year; we will do it again today. “Our administration has made the welfare of veterans a collective responsibility. We will never falter in that regard. “I, therefore, appeal to all the corporate organisations in the state and all well-meaning Osun indigenes and residents to contribute generously to today’s launch of Armed Forces Emblem Appeal Fund. “We believe that the quality of our appreciation of their sacrifice and our commitment to their welfare define the value we attach to our national ideals and integration and that today’s launch will serve as an encouragement for our gallant soldiers who are presently fighting to wipe out insurgency from the country. “A state which values peace should be at the forefront of the commemoration and appreciation of those who fought wars and laid their lives to achieve it. As the most peaceful state in the country, we are committed to demonstrating our appreciation to the selflessness of our fallen heroes and veterans.” Earlier in his remarks, the Chairman, Osun State Chapter, Nigerian Legion, Comrade Oladimeji Olalere, commended the administration of Governor Oyetola for being supportive to the State chapter of the Nigerian Legion, describing the gesture as unprecedented. He also lauded the governor for the administration’s commitment to good governance just as he maintained that Oyetola ”is running a government that respects the will of the people”, adding that any government that does that would be more prosperous, more stable and more successful. “This administration under the able leadership of Governor Oyetola generally started well and it is our prayer that it would continue to be successful in its endeavours as he is running a government that respects the will of the people. “The donation made by the state government during 2019 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration, the first since I became chairman in 2017, came at the right time,” Olalere said.