There is rising tension in Ekureku 1 & 2 of Cross River State over the re-run elections in Abi/Yakurr Federal Constituency between Rt. Hon. Barr. John Gaul Lebo of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and Hon. Dr. Alex Egbona of the All Progressive Congress (APC). The election according to our findings is slated to hold on Saturday, January 25, 2020, in Abi/Yakurr local government areas of Cross River State. Confirming the rising tension and alleged pilling of arms, the Secretary of Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC), Cross River Chapter, Comrade Castro Ezama in a press release made available to newsmen on Tuesday regretted the action of the players (Candidates) in the re-run elections. “The Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC), Cross River Chapter, views with utmost concern, the building tension, arising from preparations for the Ekureku 1 & 2 election rerun for the Abi/Yakurr Federal Constituency, between the Rt. Hon. Barr. John Gaul Lebo of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and Hon. Dr. Alex Egbona of the All Progressive Congress (APC), slated to hold just a few days away, on Saturday, January 25, 2020. “Our deep worries stem from the curious observation that the two contestants involved are alleged to have amassed an army of miscreants and weaponry, after engaging hordes of private security personnel, for the purpose of conducting surveillance and possibly unleashing terror on perceived opponents, where deemed fit. “We rise in unison, to strongly condemn such moves, as they were in steep violation of our laws, for the fact that our Constitution rests the burden of securing lives and property on State Agents like Police, DSS, NSCDC, and other State Actors. “We are aware that some of the candidates have mobilised police security from Abuja and other climes for their protection. Let it be known that mobilization of security can only be deployed by the Commissioner of Police, Cross River State. May we warn that the Political Parties Code of conduct of IPAC which is binding to all candidates irrespective of political divide will be implemented to the later by the IPAC” the group stated. The group further stated that, “Free and fair elections, one-man-one-vote will be sacrosanct and non-negotiable. We shall not hesitate to call for a cancellation of the said elections and call in the security agencies to deal with anybody involve no matter how highly placed according to the political parties Code of Conduct 2019 as amended. “The Inter-Party Advisory Council (IPAC), therefore, calls on the Commissioner of Police and other Security Agencies, to as a matter of urgency, wade into this emerging threat and nip it in the bud, as it bellies the potentialities to assume hydra-headed crises which might escalate hostilities, that would end up undermining the safety of Cross Riverians of Abi extraction and indeed, all other participants, at this National duty” IPAC further stated. DAILY POST gathered that fourteen candidates for the rerun elections slated for Saturday, January 25th 2020 signed a peace accord before the commissioner of Police, CP Nkereuwem Akpan on Monday at the Police Headquarters, Diamond Hill Calabar