Governor, Babagana Umara Zulum of Borno state, Friday launched 70 new surveillance vehicles to support the Nigerian Army, police and the civilian JTF and hunters involved in fighting insurgency in the state. The vehicles were released to Rapid Response Squad (RRS) at the Shehu’s palace in Maiduguri. The Governor had released 160 surveillance vehicles between June and September, 2019 and also handed them over to security agencies and volunteers fighting the insurgents. Governor Zulum directed that a number be used by hunters and civilian JTF to patrol MAIDUGURI-Damboa road. Vehicles painted in military colours were received by the theatre command of operation lafiya dole. Police and other security agencies were also part of the allocation. The Governor assured citizens of his administration’s commitment to the security of lives and property. “I have said a number of times that this administration will not hesitate to take any measures or make any sacrifice in order to ensure that peace and security returns to our state. As the chief security officer of Borno state, it is my constitutional and moral responsibility to do whatever I possibly can in trying to secure the lives of citizens and doing that, is the whole essence of government in the first place” Zulum said. The Governor called on traditional and community leaders to re-dedicate themselves to mobilizing participation in vigilance and generating local intelligence. He warned that under no condition must any citizen harbour insurgents and those perpetrating criminal activities. ” We cannot succeed in winning a lasting peace if we do not give maximum support to our security operatives by giving them information about the identities of culprits and their hideouts. On no account should we protect or hide anybody with the evil intention of destroying our state. The consequence of conspiracy is grevious”. Zulum praised the military, other security establishments and volunteers for their sacrifices in battling Boko Haram in Borno. Theatre commander of operation lafiya, represented by the deputy, Major General M.G. Ali thanked Zulum for being consistent in the support of the military through far reaching interventions.