The crisis in All Progressives Congress (APC) in Cross River State has taken a new dimension as a faction planned to disrupt the local government elections slated for March 2020 Already, another group led by APC Chairman, Etim John State working committee on Monday, said they are not part of a plot to disrupt Local Government elections slated for March this year by Cross River State Independent Electoral Commission (CROSIEC). In a statement signed by the Secretary Francis, Ekpenyong and made available to newsmen, the party said, “We are aware that some dissident group in our party had taken (CROSIEC) to Court over the conduct of Local Government Elections in Cross River State” “The Etim John-led State Working Committee, which is legal and authentic, wishes to dissociate ourselves completely from this illegal matters parading in Court in the name of our party. “We hereby urge (CROSIEC) and the relevant stakeholders to continue to keep faith in our desire to conduct free, fair credible polls which is the accepted norm in our electoral system nationwide. “For the avoidance of doubt, this same dissident group had taken (CROSIEC) to court for non conduct of local polls and when attempt is made to conduct elections at that tier of government, they will go to truncate the exercise through frivolous petitions. “We appealed to our supporters to cooperate with the electoral umpire to enthrone democratically elected Chairmen at that tier of government which is the wishes of our people the statement added.” It would be recalled that the State Independent Electoral Commission had fixed March 2020 as the date for local government elections in Cross River State after about three years of non conduct of local polls in the State. When contacted, the Publicity Secretary of John Ochalla led group, Mr Bassey Ita told DAILY POST via phone on Monday that there was no faction in the party, saying, “We don’t have any faction in the Party. “What we have is a bunch of impersonators. If you come to the secretariat now, you will see a letter duly signed by the National Chairman listing the names of the officials of the party. He said “A letter that duly informed the relevant agencies like the DSS, Police, INEC, CROSIEC about the readiness for the election have been signed and despatched.” However, when this reporter contacted the Chairman of the other faction, John Ochala, Monday, he admitted that there was a matter in court where his group has taken CROSIEC to court because it failed to update voters’ register to accommodate those who are 18 years old.