As criticism continues to trail the Federal Government’s declaration of Operation Amotekun as illegal, the senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ, Adewale Giwa, on Saturday urged Yoruba to unite and pray fervently with a view to overcoming those frustrating the security outfit. Giwa, who commended the initiators of the outfit, said only the enemies of the progress would criticize the move. Attorney-General of the Federation & Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami through his Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations to the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Dr. Umar Gwandu had declared “Amotekun” as illegal. The Federal Government said it was not backed by any known law in the country. However, Pastor Giwa said the establishment of “Amotekun” would further reveal the enemies of Nigeria, especially in the south-west region. “God has begun to expose the true enemies of Nigeria through the establishment of Amotekun. God’s word shall not go back void; It is time Nigerians open their eyes and see those standing on their ways. “Jesus Christ was betrayed by Judas Iscariot; the enemies within are very powerful. One thing I know is that God won’t allow these few enemies of Nigeria to succeed in frustrating this gesture. “We heard from a reliable source that they have threatened some governors in the south-west to back out, and that is why some of them are afraid because they are protecting their political careers. Some of them still want to go as governors for a second term. Sincerely, I must commend Ekiti, Oyo and Ondo governors for standing by the truth and for standing by their people. “Those who watch their people being killed because of their political ambitions or political careers are not worthy to lead the country. President Buhari should not step on dog’s tail. They should not wake a sleeping tiger, it is dangerous. “I have said it that God would expose and disgrace those inflicting pain on the people. I am glad that a few people in the south-west are dancing to the tune of Fulanis because they want to become the president, because they want Fulanis to reckon with them. Why are they not talking now? “The foreigners are killing their and they are they still keeping their positions, why? God is working right now, and all the enemies of Nigeria shall be exposed and disgraced in Jesus Name.”