The Ondo State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of a 37-year-old man identified as Elike Chubuzor, over the disappearance of one-year-old Gold Kolawole from an Ondo church. According to the state’s Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, CSP Femi Joseph, who disclosed this on Friday, said that the self-acclaimed abductor is currently in the custody of the police. Speaking on the arrest of the suspect, the PPRO emphasized that Chubuzor, who claimed to have the baby was arrested by police detectives in Port-Harcourt. Recall that Gold went missing at Sotitobire Praising Chapel, Solagbade street, Oshinle quarters, Akure, the Ondo State capital, on the 10th of November, 2019 during a Sunday service. The situation has led to the arrest and subsequent remand of the founder of the church, Prophet Alfa Babatunde and six other church members at a Correctional Facility. It was gathered that Chibuzor, who claimed to be ‘Adamu’ had allegedly confessed that two popular clergymen commissioned him to kidnap the missing boy to blackmail Prophet Alfa. Chibuzor was reportedly tracked down in Port Harcourt, Rivers State after fleeing Imo State following a text message he sent to the phone of Prophet Babatunde. Counsel of the Sotitobire founder, Olusola Oke, who disclosed also confirmed Chiba Zoe’s arrest, said he has thrown up hiding revelations over the incident. Oke said, “On December 14, 2019, Prophet Alfa Babatunde received a text message on his phone from one Adamu who claimed to have abducted Gold Kolawole from the premises of Sotitobire church for the purpose of setting the prophet up. “It was based on the text message that detectives from the state police command tracked the phone line and traced the sender to Imo State, but he was eventually nabbed in Port Harcourt, Rivers state where he flees to. He is currently helping the police on their investigation on the missing boy.” “Let me also tell you this very important message; the police are closed on the perpetrators of this drastic act, and I can assure you that the outcome will shock everyone, and it will shake the whole structure of this city to it foundation. That is when we will all appreciate the good job done by the police and not the fire brigade approach of men of DSS. “There are many questions begging for answers by men of the DSS; one of them is why have they refused to arrest and interrogate the father of the missing boy, Mr. Kolawole, especially on how he came about the balance of sixteen million naira found in his account, and what happened to the money, thereafter? I promise you, we are going to unravel all these puzzles very soon. “It beats my imagination that this kind of wanton killings of innocent souls, including a police sergeant on lawful duty, and setting ablaze the auditorium, several other buildings, cars and other properties belonging to Prophet Alfa Babatunde and Sotitobire Praising Centre, all because of the missing one year old boy; It’s only pointing to one fact that this is a hi-tech conspiracy against the man of God from several sources in politics, from higher temples of God, security agents and a section of the media.” Oke, however, appealed to the people of the state to keep their peace and allow the law enforcement agents to conclude their investigations on the matter, adding that the outcome will surely take many by surprise, while the innocent or otherwise of the man of God would be proven beyond reasonable doubt.