The ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, Friday, dismissed the grounds upon which the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, faulted the supreme court judgement that removed former Governor Emeka Ihedioha as governor of Imo State as reckless and baseless. It also declared that Ihedioha did not win one-fourth in two-third of the total votes casted in the 27 local government areas of the state. The ruling party affirmed that Ihedioha only won in 12 local government areas instead of 17 local government areas as stipulated by law. Comrade Adam Oshiomohle made this clarification while addressing newsmen in Abuja in reaction to the PDP alleged fault-lines over the controversial apex court judgement. Oshiomohle said it was unfortunate and condemnable for the PDP chieftains to react the way and manner they are reacting whenever PDP loses in any court of competent jurisdiction on contentious electoral matters. He also accused the opposition party of always believing that it is their birthright to continue to benefit from electoral manipulations. In his words, “I want to respond to the reckless statement of the PDP as credited to its National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus following the supreme court judgement that nullified the purported election of Emeka Ihedioha as Imo state governor. “It was designed to intimidate the judiciary. “Ihedioha was removed based on constitutional requirements. Courts are bound to interpret the law based on the provisions of the law book. “No court, therefore, can bend or amend a subsisting constitutional provision or requirement. “It is the PDP philosophy to manipulate election results and asked the loser to go to court. “INEC documents showed that Ihedioha did not win one-fourth of the total votes cast which already settled his governorship. “INEC refused to collate the votes for
Hope Uzodinma’s Senatorial district which is in Orlu that amounted to 388 polling units. “But the presiding officers and various party agents signed the results. But INEC did not cancel the results. Though, the collating officer refused to collect the results in favour of Uzodinma. “It is the votes that Uzodinma scored from his Senatorial district that were affected but they were not cancelled. “Uzodinma did not only win majority of votes but have the required spread”. It was, however, on these premises that Oshiomohle said that for the PDP to call for the resignation of the Chief Justice of Nigeria, Justice Tanko Mohammad amounted to recklessness. DAILY POST recalls that the apex court few days ago sacked former governor Emeka Ihedioha of Imo state and, subsequently declared Senator Hope Uzodinma as duly elected governor to take over the rein of power.