Reports reaching DAILY POST indicate that suspected armed robbers have shot to death a commercial motorcycle operator, Mr. Ofishe Monday and buried his remains in a shallow grave. The incident occurred on January 14, in Mosogar Community, Ethiope-West Local Government Area of Delta State. It was learnt that the father of five left his house to fend for his five children, having lost his wife in 2009. Since then, he didn’t return unknown to his family that he had been murdered by armed robbers. Members of his family reported the matter at the Police Station and a search team was launched. The Police in collaboration with the Vigilante group in the Community later apprehended two of the suspects on Thursday, January 16. The suspects took the Police and the Vigilante to the shallow grave where the Commercial Motorcycle Operator was buried. The Police quickly exhumed the corpse, which they deposited at the morgue. The suspects are already cooling off their heels at the Police Area Command in Sapele, Delta State. Eldest daughter of the deceased, Miss Ejiro Maureen, confirmed the report to Our Correspondent in Warri saying,”Two of the suspects were arrested.” When contacted, the Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed Hafiz Inuwa confirmed the report in a telephone chat with Our Correspondent. He said, “That matter has been reported. They have brought the suspects down to State CID not quite an hour ago.” While noting that the incident occurred at the Mosogar Community, CP Inuwa stressed, “The DPO was here at about an hour ago. “That was the incident where somebody’s motorcycle snatched. That actually happened. “The man happened to be a cyclist. So, those suspectes waylaid him, they ambushed him, killed him and disposed him of his motorbike. They later took the motorcycle to Oghara with a bid to dispose the motorcycle. That was how they were arrested. “So, the police sent some people down to monitor and get information as regards the motorcyclist bearing in mind that investigation has shown what happened. “So, after they went after the motorcycle. Fortunately, they came up with the people that wanted to dispose the motorcycle. So, arrests were made. “During interrogation, they confirmed where they buried the corpse. I even saw the photograph. “The matter is now with the Homicide Section of the State CID. Investigation is ongoing with a view to do justice to the matter.”