A group, Anti-Corruption and Integrity Forum (ACIF) has vowed to prosecute former Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, Prof. Nelson Brambaifa over alleged record fraud, contract racketeering, money laundering and embezzlement amounting to N100,807, 595,994.18 billion. In the petition earlier submitted to the EFCC, the group accused Prof. Brambaifa and others of contract racketeering, contract fraud, embezzlement and money laundering of a staggering contract sum of over One Hundred Billion, Eight Hundred Million Naira (N100,807, 595, 994.18) The alleged shady transactions were reportedly recorded in three months with the NDDC domiciliary account number 10367-usdclbaxx-xx, main account number 12017966xxxx, revenue account number, 12017966xxxx, project account 12017966xxx at the Central Bank Of Nigeria, CBN. It, therefore, gave a 7-day ultimatum for the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, to comply with the expected arrest and prosecution of the suspect. The anti-graft group also affirmed to occupy the EFCC, headquarters in Abuja and presidency in protest and subsequently approach any court of competent jurisdiction on the failure of the EFCC over its deadline. DAILY POST learnt that not only Brambaifa was accused but his son, David. Others are former Executive Director of Finance, Chris Amadi, Wife Anna Preye Brambaifa, Greg David Osuma, Clara Osuma, Mike Ayapaye, Uche Aleke, Honourable Sunday Aguebor, Brigadier General Charles Dalo Nengite and Tony Chukwu. These resolutions followed a petition endorsed by Comrades Prince Kpokpogri and Adediran Raymond who are Chairman and Secretary of the group respectively. When contacted, Aniete Ekong, the media aide to the Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio who also supervises the NDDC said he was not aware of the petition to the EFCC by the anti-graft group against Brambaifa and others. But Akpabio’s media aide affirmed that the forensic audit of the financial transactions by the past NDDC board operators as directed by President Muhammadu Buhari was ongoing. In an additional statement also signed by Kpokpogri, he had expressed concern over the delay in arresting and prosecuting Brambaifa. According to the petition, Professor Brambaifa allegedly made NDDC pay the contractors between seventy and seventy-five per cent (70-75%) of the contract sum as mobilization and soon after the balance was paid even before the completion of the project. “This certainly proves that the said companies were used as a front to embezzle and siphon monies in the guise of awarding contracts, most of which are never executed. This is against the dictates of the public procurement act.” Kpokpogri said the undue delay was inimical to the touted anti-graft war of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration. It is on this premise that the forum called on the NDDC Audit Committee chaired by Dr. Cairo Ojougboh, to probe suspected former MDs and Executive Directors of the Commission to provide requisite documents for further investigations. The petitioning group added, “One of such companies are Sunroni International Limited and Bibi International Transaction Company Limited both owned by one Honourable Sunday Aguebor (His friend and father-in-law) Stranet Consult Nigeria Limited owned by Brigadier General Charles Nengite and Roudu Nigeria Limited owned by Mr. Tony Chukwu.” “The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, will have to demonstrate to the Presidency, Nigerians and the International Community that they are serious in fighting corruption”. But when Mr. Tony Orilade, the acting spokesman of the EFCC was also contacted for his reaction, his MTN mobile phone line was neither connected nor reachable.