Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The National Security Adviser (NSA), retired Maj.-Gen. Babagana Monguno has said that the Thursday’s meeting of the National Security Council did not discuss the fate of the country’s service chiefs. He said the council only made an appraisal of the current security situation in the country and took a look at the possibilities, the opportunities available to government in addressing most of the recent challenges. 2, The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday cautioned President Muhammadu Buhari against any attempt to politicize or trivialize demands by Nigerians for his resignation due to his evident failure to guarantee security of lives and property in the country. PDP stated that the Buhari-led Presidency must accept this apolitical verdict, which transcends ethnic, political and religious boundaries, especially after Buhari admitted failure by expressing “surprise” at the level of insecurity across the nation under his watch. Party’s spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, presented this on Thursday in a statement. 3. The Senate on Thursday, resolved to probe the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) over the sum of $396 million expended on Turn-Around Maintenance of refineries in the country between 2013 and 2015. It also mandated the Committee on Petroleum Downstream, Upstream and Gas to carry out a holistic investigation on the Turn-Around Maintenance expenditures and the current state of the refineries. The decision to investigate spendings on maintenance of refineries by the Corporation was reached after consideration of a motion brought to the floor by Senator Yusuf A. Yusuf (APC, Taraba Central). 4. Fulani and community leaders from Mangu, Bokkos, Barkin Ladi and Riyom local government areas of Plateau State have been arrested by the Plateau State Police Command and taken to Abuja for further interrogation as a result of the crisis that took place in parts of Bokkos local government area of the state. Governor Simon Lalong had ordered the State Commissioner of Police, Isaac Akinmoyede to arrest the Fulani and community leaders of the affected communities following the killings and destruction of property around Kwatas and nearby communities of Bokkos local government area. 5. Reports from Maiduguri, the Borno State capital said five persons were killed with several others injured when two suicide bombers attack a crowded area at Muna Galti, outskirts of the state capital. An eyewitness said the explosions emanated from two suicide bombers who detonated their explosives at Muna Galti area, claiming 5 persons died from the explosion, and a number of persons injured are unknown. 6. A High Court of the Federal Capital Territory sitting at Gwagwalada, on Thursday, granted bail to the immediate past Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mohammed Adoke, SAN, to the tune of N50million with one surety in like sum. The court, in a ruling delivered by Justice Abubakar Idris, also admitted Adoke’s co-defendants- Aliyu Abubakar and Rasky Gbinigie- to bail pending the determination of corruption allegations against them. 7. The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) Kaduna State chapter, on Thursday, disowned a self-aclaimed pastor who faked his kidnap at Trikaniya and Kudandan areas, in Chikun Local Government Area of the State. The state CAN through its Chairman, Rev. Joseph Hayab in a statement in Kaduna on Thursday, said the suspect was not a pastor, as claimed. 8. Fourteen members of the Edo State House of Assembly, elected on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, have decried the threats by the State Governor, Godwin Obaseki to deal with the National Chairman of the party, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole. The lawmakers accused Obaseki of planning to kill the party Chairman. Addressing a news conference Thursday in Abuja, the lawmakers urged President Muhammadu Buhari, party leaders and the Inspector General of Police, IGP Muhammed Adamu to call Obaseki to order. 9. The World Health Organisation (WHO) on Thursday declared coronavirus as a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC). WHO Director-General, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the decision was based on the recommendations of the Emergency Committee on the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) under the International Health Regulations (IHR 2005). In a statement issued from Geneva, the Director-General explained the main reason for the declaration is not what is happening in China but what is happening in other countries. 10. Reports have claimed that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, which is currently recruiting, has said only unmarried persons can apply to work in the agency. In a document, circulating the social-sphere titled, ‘Recruitment of Detective Assistants, Detective Inspectors and Detective Superintendents, dated January 15, 2020,’ the EFCC stated that all applicants “must be single.” This has generated heated debates and controversy on social media.