A magistrate Court 10 in Bauchi presided by Magistrate Abdulmumini Adamu has remanded a primary school teacher for allegedly sodomising a minor. The suspect, Haruna Aliyu aged 45 years is accused of engaging in homosexuality with his pupil aged eight years. Haruna Aliyu was accused of luring the eight-year-old pupil (name-withheld) with ten naira every Friday to sodomise him. The nefarious event was brought to limelight following the pupil’s sickness as a result of excreting maggots from his anus. The Magistrate Court at its sitting last Wednesday ordered the remand of the accused at the Bauchi Correctional Centre and fixed February 5 for hearing of the suit to allow the prosecuting police officer further investigate the matter and produce witness on the case. The Prosecuting police officer, Inspector Yusuf Usman had told the Court that on the 6th of December last year, one Honourable Altine Ladan of Ganjuwa Quarters in Bauchi metropolis lodged a complaint at the Police Station accusing Haruna Aliyu (45) of the same address of coercing his son of eight years into sodomy by taking the victim to his room where he perpetrated the act with the boy. Haruna Alyu was accused of severally having sexual intercourse with the victim with the prosecuting counsel telling the court that the offence was against section 284 as related to homosexuality and lesbianism of the penal code. The accused, Haruna Aliyu admitted before the court of engaging in sodomy with the minor. Prosecuting counsel then asked the court to grant him time to further investigate the matter for proper presentation of the case, which the presiding magistrate granted. The Presiding Magistrate therefore fixed 5th February for further hearing of the case. Barrister Haruna Muh’d Muezzudden who was at the Magistrate to observe the proceeding, said the police are investigating the matter, expressing confidence that the court will be just on the matter. Muezzudden also promised to follow the matter to its logical conclusion. When DAILY POST asked the opinion of the father to the victim, Hon. Altine Ladan shortly after the court proceedings, said “I was at the court to observe how the case will be judged. ”Haruna was a teacher at a public school at Unguwar Barno Quarters in Bauchi”. “He used to lure pupils of the primary school into homosexuality. For the past one to two months, my child has been complaining of stomach trouble, we took him to a nearby health facility, thereafter the boy start complaining of anus pains, a situation which made us understood of maggot excretion from his anus”.