The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association (MACBAN) has finally spoken on the controversy over the Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) also known as Operation Amotekun. Amotekun, an initiative of Southwest Governors, has been declared illegal by the Buhari government. In a statement, Tuesday night, MACBAN sought to dissociate itself from the position of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore, another umbrella body of herdsmen in Nigeria, which has been linking Amotekun to the next general election. The Kautal Hore had warned the new outfit may cost the Southwest the 2020 presidency. Baba Othman Ngelzarma, MACBAN National Secretary, said Nigerians must know that its group was only concerned with the welfare of its members and was not interested in joining issues with supporters and critics of Amotekun. The statement read: “Since the launch of the Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN), also known as Operation Amotekun by the South-West Governors on the 9th of January, we have been inundated with calls to comment on the implications of the outfit on its members. “MACBAN, as a responsible Association is taking its time to study the implications of the Operations on its members who are doing legitimate Business in the South Western States overtime. We will continue to support all efforts aimed at fostering unity and security for all Nigeria wherever they are. “MACBAN, however, frowns at its being associated with the comment of some Associations which are making allusions to 2023 and the arrest of the leadership of Amotekun. “As a deliberate policy, MACBAN is not interested in talking about Politics, Security issues or legal matters because it is our believe that there are more competent bodies that can discuss such issues. “MACBAN is striving to sensitize its members on how to improve their Economic activities by imbibing modern techniques in the breeding of animals and the value-chain associated with it. “We make it abundantly clear that Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) has not issued any press statement or granted any interviews regarding the formation of Ametokun. If the need arises to make a statement we will do it but for now we are watching.
“MACBAN is more concerned with how the Federal Government can correct the Imbalance between Agronomy and the Livestock sub-sectors as well as how to address the incessant losses incurred by our members as a result of the farmers/herders conflict, cattle rustling, banditry and kidnapping. Our members remain worst affected by these crises.”