A security expert, Dr Kazeem Idowu, has berated antagonists of the security arrangement in the South West, tagged: ‘South West Security Network ( Operation Amotekun), insisting that only criminally-minded people would criticize such initiative. Idowu opined that the present security challenges in Nigeria should ordinarily elicit proactive measures and creative steps from any serious government towards curtailing the menace before becoming endemic. The security expert , in a press statement he sent to DAILY POST on Friday, argued that the only way insecurity could be effectively tackled in Nigeria is through organized community policing system such as ” Operation Amotekun”. Recall that the security outfit, which was launched in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital on Thursday by governors of the region has been described as threat to National security by a Northern group. The group, Northern Youths Council of Nigeria (NYCN) on Thursday alleged that the security outfit was a “military wing” of the Oodua Peoples Congress. It further alleged that the newly established security outfit is in the league of the proscribed Independent Peoples of Biafra. According to the National President of NYCN, Alhaji Isah Abubakar, “Amotekun Group in Southwest is OPC Military wing in disguise and in
the same league with the proscribed IPOB. The President must not allow
this unconstitutionality to prevail”. Idowu, however, averred that such statement credited to the Northern youth group reflected erosion of deeper analytical capacity among the
youths, adding that drug addiction and political patronage are taking the place of critical reasoning. He maintained that every sound minded Nigerian without hidden agenda must embrace any step aimed at addressing the nagging issue of
insecurity in Nigeria, irrespective of region or language. ” It is obvious that the governors of the South West have done really well by taking the bull by the horn and come up with home-grown security arrangement to tackle criminality in their domains. ”It is indisputably correct that the level of insecurity in the zone, and many other communities in Nigeria call for vigilance and urgent action. ” I believe every opposition against that arrangement is a revelation of criminal tendencies, only those who are perpetrating evils or their relatives and friends express worry over move to secure South West region”, he said.