Former Real Madrid and Liverpool striker, Michael Owen, has predicted some of this weekend’s English Premier League (EPL) fixtures. Manchester United will take on Premier League leaders, Liverpool at Anfield on Sunday evening. Newcastle United will host Chelsea, while Arsenal will battle Sheffield United at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday. Providing his predictions, Owen was quoted by Metro UK as saying: Liverpool vs Man United: “Wayne Rooney scored the only goal of the game the last time Manchester United won at Anfield over four years ago, and it is hard to see past another win for Jurgen Klopp’s runaway league leaders on Sunday in the big game of the weekend. “It is well documented that Liverpool have only dropped two points so far this season and that was in the reverse fixture at Old Trafford back in October. That stat will not be lost on Jurgen Klopp or the Reds players and supporters who will want to beat all other 19 sides en route to their first Premier League title. “United have exciting forwards, but they lack the energy and quality of Liverpool in the middle of the field and that is where I expect the game to be won. Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 51 home league games – I expect them to make it 52 and counting in one of the most iconic games of the season.” Newcastle vs Chelsea: “A very good point for Newcastle at Molineux at the weekend but I’m not convinced they will be able to build on that result against a Chelsea side who were far too good for a disappointing Burnley at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. “The Blues are unbeaten in four and have kept clean sheets in their last couple of games. They can just edge out United in what promises to be an entertaining clash at St James’ Park.” Arsenal vs Sheffield: “Arsenal had to settle for a point at Selhurst Park on Saturday when they played the last quarter of the game with 10-men following the red card given to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. “The Gunners must do without their striker for the next three games, but I feel they will keep all three points against Sheffield United back at the Emirates. “The Gunners were very poor in the reverse fixture at Bramall Lane earlier in the season, but they are a different side under Mikel Arteta playing with more energy and passion. The Blades have only lost at Anfield and the Etihad in the league so far this season, but I expect Arsenal to keep the points.”