The Nigerian Embassy in China, under the leadership of Ambassador Baba Ahmad Jidda, still has former President Goodluck Jonathan on its website as Nigerian President. This is in spite of President Muhammadu Buhari’s emergence as the nation’s leader since May 29, 2015. Curiously, the website contains no information or advisory for Nigerians on Coronavirus, which is currently ravaging Wuhan in China. The deadly virus, which has hit over 10 counties, has claimed dozens of lives and hundreds affected. Jonathan’s picture can be found on the website under “About Us” (section https://beijing.ngembassy.org/?lang=en&&page=aboutus). Beside his image is the following message: “Officially the Federal Republic of Nigeria, is located in West Africa as the most populous country in Africa. Nigeria shares land borders with the Republic of Benin in the west, Chad and Cameroon in the east, Niger in the north, and borders the Gulf of Guinea in the south. On October 1st, 1960, Nigeria gained independence from the United Kingdom after decades of colonial rule, and now consists of 36 states and the federal capital territory.” Also, Aminu Wali, is on the site homepage (https://beijing.ngembassy.org/) as the Minister of Foreign Affairs, ‘dethroning’ the incumbent Geoffrey Onyeama, who has been in office for over 4 years. Beside his image is the following message: “Sino-Nigeria relations have been built on shared values, sound principles of mutually beneficial partnership, which have been reinforced by our commitments to strengthen cooperation and promote the cause of universal prosperity. On Thursday, Buhari and Jonathan met behind closed doors with former President Goodluck Jonathan at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Details of the meeting, which last about 15 minutes, has not been made public. Meanwhile, Jonathan has disclosed what he was still traumatized over the Christmas Eve attack by gunmen on his country home in Otuoke, Bayelsa State. Jonathan revealed that the death of a soldier during the attack saddens him. The gunmen were said to have come through the river on five speedboats and opened fire on the soldiers. Jonathan while hosting members of the executive of the National Association of Nigerian Students, NANS, in his office in Abuja expressed worry over the level of insecurity Nigerians face. He said: “I thank you for coming to sympathise with me and my family. The fact that a soldier lost his life in that attack traumatizes me. That young man wouldn’t have died, the way he did, if he was not protecting me. “Whenever people come to me, just as you people have come, to talk about that attack, I feel worried about the general society. “Whenever I consider that people could do that to a former President who has reasonable security guarding him, my mind reaches out to the rest of Nigerians who do not have that level of protection. “I am worried that so many people are becoming victims of sporadic shootings, kidnappings and so on. I believe that the country will get over the kind of insecurity it currently faces.  