The Chairman of the Ondo State chapter of Mega Party of Nigeria (MPN), Biyi Poroye, has admonished Professor Yomi Dinakin to resign as the Chairman of the Ondo State Independent Electoral Commission, ODIEC. Poroye stated this on Wednesday during a stakeholders’ meeting of political parties with the ODIEC boss on the conduct of the local government election schedule to come up in the state on April 18, 2020. According to Poroye, Prof. Dinakin who is a professor of law is not competent to conduct the election. He added that the electoral process has been designed to fail stressing that adequate preparation has not been put in place. “You (Prof. Dinakin) don’t have the moral right to conduct the April 18 election. You are advised to resign. Not every legal thing is moral. You told us that you have written INEC to get the voters’ register. It’s the same excuse you gave in 2018. The whole of 2019 nothing happened. We are not all idiots. “I’m very sure that as a party I have the voters’ register of Nigeria, even that of Ondo State is in my office at present. And if indeed you are prepared for this assignment, you ought to have gotten the voters’ register. You are telling us that you will be expecting the voters’ register by January ending. And if there is crisis again who is to be blamed. “We went out there and we told our party members to corporate with this commission at inception. I was an electoral officer here. I passed through this place. And we were so sure that in 2018 that Aketi (Governor Akeredolu) will be the first governor that will conduct election within that shot time to his credit. As if we were dreaming, just like that August went by, the whole of 2019 nothing happened. “You are now telling us that you don’t have to consult political parties and whoever wants to collect their money should go and collect their money. I’ve no fear of what could be on the line. But sir I want to appeal to you resign because with what is on ground it shows that you are not prepared for this election. This issue of the money is not about a transaction, it is a process. “You are not just a legal luminary, you are a teacher of the law. You know that when time table is given for an election, nobody can stop it. You are giving us another time table to start another election. This is the first time this is happening in the history of Nigeria. “As far as we in Mega Party is concerned we believe that with your antecedent since you got here you cannot continue with this job.” Reacting, the ODIEC boss said that “One of the things we learnt as teachers is that your students write your testimonial. If any political party or individual has the voters’ register it’s not authentic, it’s not what ODIEC can work on. If ODIEC wants to conduct an election, INEC must be properly written to release the voters’ register at a given date. “Asking me to resign is a question of my choice” Meanwhile, ODIEC has informed the political parties in the state to conduct their primaries between January 14 and February 7, 2020, which the ODIEC boss said must be witnessed by officials of the commission.