Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Wednesday, said the failure of President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government to prosecute the war against Boko Haram was responsible for the abduction and execution of Lawan Andimi. Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP spokesman said the failure of the Federal Government to prosecute the war against acts of terrorism beyond lip service and condolence statements was emboldening killings, which have now degenerated to execution of compatriots, the latest being the gruesome beheading of the Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), in Adamawa, Rev. Lawan Andimi. 2. A Nigerian Army officer and seven soldiers have been killed in a fierce battle against Boko Haram terrorists in Mainok, 60 kilometres from Maiduguri, Borno State, North-East Nigeria. Report said the deadly encounter occurred at about 1pm on Tuesday before the troops repelled an ambush on 156 Task Force Battalion of Nigerian Army. 3. Some gunmen suspected to be assassins on Wednesday, killed a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Oyo state, Alhaji Babatunde Oreitan. Oreitan, one of the leaders of the party in Ona Ara Local Government, was said to have been killed by the gunmen Wednesday afternoon. 4. Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has warned that his administration would deal ruthlessly with all criminal elements as he would not negotiate with bandits. Bello, who spoke during the North Central Nigeria Police Regional Security Summit on Wednesday, said with the cooperation of the security agencies, traditional rulers and citizens of the state, the state dealt with insecurity which was commonplace before his administration and has become one of the safest states in Nigeria today. 5. Mr Ibrahim Magu, the acting Chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has reacted to backlash by Nigerians, condemning the raid at Club 360 in Ibadan Oyo State. Magu said the commission raids clubs because that’s where internet fraudsters gather and spend the money gotten from their victims. 6. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday signed a peace accord ahead of Jan. 25 re-run election for Kaduna State House of Assembly seats in Kagarko and Sanga constituencies. It was observed that the peace accord was at the instance of the Kaduna State Police Command, to ensure peaceful, fair and credible election. 7. No fewer than seven people were reportedly killed during a violent clash between two rival cultic groups, which started on Monday in Ijede area of Ikorodu, Lagos State. The State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Bala Elkana, who confirmed the incident, said that the groups, KK and Eiye Confraternities, were involved in the incident. 8. Some passengers numbering about eight abducted on Wednesday afternoon along Kaduna-Zaria highway have been rescued by the police. Also rescued were three workers of Airtel Communications Company abducted on Tuesday, and nine others kidnapped on Jan. 14 when bandits attacked the convoy of the Emir of Potiskum. 9. Boko Haram faction, Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP), allegedly used 8-year-old boy to execute Christian hostage, Daciya Dalep in Borno State. Rita Katz, Director of SITE Intelligence Group, an organisation which tracks the activities of jihadist groups, made the revelation on Twitter. 10. The Trump administration has concluded plans to block pregnant women in foreign countries from obtaining US tourist visas. The move is to stop, “birth tourism”, the term coined for people who travel to another country to give birth.