The Independent National Electoral Commission in Cross River State is ready to conduct re-run election in Abi/Yakurr federal constituency in Cross River State. DAILY POST gathered that the Commission has received sensitive materials for the court ordered rerun elections in slated to hold in Abi/Yakurr Federal Constituency on Saturday, January 25, 2020. The materials were handed over to INEC officials by the Branch Controller, Central Bank of Nigeria, Calabar, Chuks Sokari on Friday. The materials included ballot papers, Forms EC 8A, EC 8D, EC 8E, among others. Speaking while handing over the materials at CBN premises along Calabar Road, INEC National Commissioner, Dr Mohammed Lekki said, “I came in from Abuja on Thursday to join the new Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC) to oversee the elections tomorrow. “CBN does this thing so well in terms of safe custody of sensitive materials for tomorrow’s election. They have been doing this for a very long time. We have just taken delivery and in the next few minutes we will be leaving for Abi Local Government where the election is taking place. “We are satisfied. We counted and everything is correct. The political parties are here. The agents are here. Everything is correct. We are ready to go” he stated. Also speaking, the new REC, Dr Johnson Alalibo, said “I am very much satisfied with what I have seen. The CBN has been able to hand over the sensitive materials to INEC. “And I am here with the national commissioner to receive them. The next thing is to move to the areas of election. My expectation is that we will have a peaceful, free and fair election. We just finished our meeting with the security agencies and everything is in order.” The Assistant Commissioner of Police in charge of Operations, Cletus Nwadiogbu said, “With what we have seen on ground and with the perfect synergy existing between the security agencies, I will assure you we have a near perfect security architecture on ground in respect of tomorrow’s election. “There is no fear at all. There won’t be less than fifteen policemen in each of the polling units to provide adequate security for the voters and the participants.” According to Cross River State chapter Chairman of Inter Party Advisory Council (IPAC), Paddy Ally, “So far, so good, everything is in order. For about three days we have been here monitoring the materials. We are satisfied.” The House of Representatives election in Yakurr/Abi will take place in 18 polling units in Ekureku I and II, while the Abi State Constituency will hold in 15 units in five wards, namely Afafanyi/Igbonigoni, Ekureku I, Imabana I and II, and Itigidi.