Some commuters in Lagos State on Wednesday expressed dissatisfaction over the proposed increase in fares by the Primero Transport Services Limited, operator of the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) in the state. DAILY POST had reported that Primero Transport Services Ltd., operator of Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) in Lagos, says it is planning an upward review of transport fares across all routes in the state to meet up with current realities. The Managing Director of the firm, Mr Fola Tinubu, made the disclosure in an interview in Lagos on Tuesday. Tinubu said that the current fares were grossly inadequate if the firm was to provide better services for the people of Lagos. According to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) commuters expressed their displeasure in separate interviews, stating that it was the height of insensitivity on the part of government to think of profit-making from poor masses. They criticised the decision to increase fares, saying that it will affect so many people who because of their pockets always wait for long time on queue to use the buses. Mrs Bose Ogbonne, an online marketer, said: “It does not make sense at all. People use BRT because it is cheap. We wait for long, queuing up for buses to arrive also. “So, if there is no significant difference between the BRT and commercial buses’ fare, we will not wait for them again. “If we are in a hurry, instead of waiting for BRT and even preferring standing, that will not happen again. They (BRT operators) should think well before doing so.” Ogbonne, who spoke to NAN at Costain in BRT bus stop, urged the state government to intervene quickly so as not to increase the hardship of the poor masses resident in Lagos. Another commuter, who simply identified herself as Mummy Sadiq said that it was not fair to increase electricity tariff, transport fares and others just because workers’ salaries were increased. “Government should think of alleviating the suffering of the people rather than add to their burdens. This is another hardship coming up to people when electricity tariffs is increased and transport fares jump up. “Why the increase in fares now? It is because of the minimum wage given to workers? People should not be stressed beyond normal again. There is hardship in the land already,” she said. A student, Mr Michael Ajayi said that the government should not allow such proposed increase in BRT fares to scale through in the interest of the masses. Michael, who also spoke at Costain BRT bus stop, said: “Why do they want to increase the fares now. This is not good. It will affect us. It will affect our pockets.” Miss Janet Daniel, a teacher, added that since the government had failed to alleviate poverty, it should not compound the hardship with the fare increase. A cleric, Mr Olanrewaju Dunmiju said that those in positions of authority should also think of the people and their welfare. Dunmiju said: “I know this proposed increase if hatched finally, is going to affect a lot of people because BRT is the last hope for so many poor masses. “Some people cannot afford other commercial bushes, that is why you see them queuing up even in the sun to use BRT. “I will advise the government to think over this and support the operators if they are finding it difficult to operate with the current fares.”