Lakers star, LeBron James has broken silence over the shocking death of Basketball legend, Kobe Bryant. Bryant, Gianna and seven others died, when his helicopter crashed into a hillside in southern California at about 9.45am on Sunday. The cause of crash is under investigation. Janes who surpassed Bryant for third place on the NBA’s all-time scoring list revealed he spoke to Kobe on Sunday morning before the news of the accident as he and the Lakers were headed back to Los Angeles. “Didn’t think for one bit in a million years that would be the last conversation we’d have,” LeBron said. In a lengthy post, the 35-year-old Star took to his Instagram page promising to carry on Bryant’s legacy even as he offered his condolences to his family. James pledged to take the baton from his ‘brother’ and promised to continue his legacy. He wrote; “I’m Not Ready but here I go. Man, I sitting here trying to write something for this post but every time I try I begin crying again just thinking about you, niece Gigi and the friendship/bond/brotherhood we had! “ I literally just heard your voice Sunday morning before I left Philly to head back to LA. Didn’t think for one bit in a million years that would be the last conversation we’d have. WTF!! I’m heartbroken and devastated my brother! “ Man I love you, big bro. My heart goes to Vanessa and the kids. I promise you I’ll continue your legacy man! You mean so much to us all here especially #LakerNation and it’s my responsibility to put this shit on my back and keep it going!! “Please give me the strength from the heavens above and watch over me! I got US here! “There’s so much more I want to say but just can’t right now because I can’t get through it! Until we meet again my brother!! #Mamba4Life James and Bryant were competitors in the NBA for years and were teammates on Team USA at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics. Bryant’s last post on his Twitter page was of him congratulating James for surpassing him in third place on the NBA’s all-time scoring list. The tweet read: “Continuing to move the game forward @KingJames. Much respect my brother.” Kobe Bryant is survived by his wife Vanessa, and their three daughters – Natalia, Bianca and their newborn Capri. He won five NBA championships and the 2008 MVP Award with the Los Angeles Lakers.