A two (200) level Civil Engineering student and two others from Cross River University of Technology (CRUTECH) in Cross River have drowned in Abakpa River in Ogoja local government area of Cross River State The incident occurred when the trio took their bath in the river. It was gathered that one of the victims was alleged to have come from Ghana. It was further gathered that, one of the students who was in the department of Civil Engineering was said to be from Calabar campus, while the other two yet-to-be identified are in the Ogoja Campus. An eyewitness who gave his name as Andrew Inyambe said that he could only identify one of the students whose name is David Unamu, a 200 Level student of the department of Civil Engineering, CRUTECH Calabar campus. Inyambe said that the three students went to cool themselves off in the river following the high temperature in the area – a tradition well known for the people of that community, but ended up drowning to death. “They went to the river with other people to swim. What really happened nobody knows, but they were later found in the shallow part of the river already drowned. “I only know one of them, David Unamu, who is a 200 Level Civil Engineering student. The other two I don’t know their names for now, but they are all CRUTECH students. “David was in the Calabar campus, he lives in Abakpa and yet to resume school, while the other two are in Ogoja campus. I don’t know about the other two, but I learnt one of them was a Ghanaian – though his mother is in Lagos State and the other unidentified victim’s mother is from Boki Local Government Area in Cross River State”, Inyambe said. When DAILY POST contacted the Public Relations Officer of CRUTECH, Mr. Onen Onen, on Monday, he confirmed the story saying “Actually, another media man called me earlier and that was how I got to know about the story. “So, I called someone from the campus that didn’t seem to get the whole story but the story is confirmed. By tomorrow, they should be able to compile their report to send to the school” he stated.