Physically challenged persons in Cross River State under the aegis of Para Soccer Association have called on President Mohammadu Buhari to recognise people with disability in his second term. Speaking with DAILY POST in Calabar on Thursday, the Coordinator of the group who is the Chief Imam of Calabar Central Mosque, Imam Kabeer Olowolayemo lamented the neglect experienced by the group members. “What we want President Buhari to do for us is that, he should recognise us and have it in mind that every leader is a servant of the people, he is there to listen to the cry of an average Nigerians, listen to them and attend to their needs. “God has put him there, as His own representative, then we now see how he is able to represent him, in making sure that he fulfil his responsibility as the leader of this country and at the same time, we will prayed for him. “Allah will touch his mind, he will be able to do the needful and the right thing for the citizens of this country and make sure that every arm of government was respected as nobody is above the law, no individual supercedes the order and all the agencies of government are put together for the interest of the people. He said in Islam, one of our basis teaching is to be our brother’s keeper and to contribute positively to the lives of all the creature of God, God says when you show mercy to people, he will show mercy to you. “We now see that these cripples needs assistance, they need help to take them out of the Streets, they are always in the Streets and that is why we put together the Para Soccer game with a view to taking them out of the Streets. “Those who engaged in criminal activities are liberated and taking away from the Streets and this makes them to be useful for themselves and the society at large” he said. On the vision and mission of the group, the Imam said that it was to expose people who are physically challenged to the world so that they will be world class players and in return, they will bring back glory to the community and the country called Nigeria.“ “To make them feel a sense of belonging, we have organized seminars on weekly basis, get them places to put up (Shelter), whereby they can sleep and the most important is to bring out the skills in them, that is why we have introduced Para Soccer which engages them. “Some of them will soon become professionals and they will earn a living through this, this is all the efforts, we have put in place, to make sure that we take them away from the Streets. “We have coaching crew that train these people; we also have a committee and technical board that is in charge of the team and appealed to Nigerians, Moslems and non Muslems to contribute toward this Godly mission by making sure that “we sustain it, we need to support them with our money and prayers, morally” he said. Also speaking, the Chairman of Para Soccer game, Salisu Ali Sani said “The team was formed four years ago and have participated in several tournaments both within and outside the state. Adding, “People supported us by buying us balls, Jerseys and water, we want President Buhari to recognise the physically challenge people”