The High Court 2 sitting at GRA, Zaria, has adjourned the case between Gyallesu community in Zaria local government area of Kaduna state and the Nigerian Army and four others over farm land dispute to March 11, 2020 for hearing of the interlocutory injection filed by the plaintiff. The second, third, fourth and fifth respondents are: the Chief of Army Staff, Lt-Gen.Tukur Yusuf Buratai, Commandant, Nigeria Military School (NMS), Zaria, Maj-Gen. Mohammed Muktar-Bunza, Minister of Defence, Maj-Gen. Mohammed Munguno (rtd) and Attorney General of the Federation respectively. The community resorted to legal action to retrieve their farmland they alleged inherited from their forefathers which they claimed was forcefully seized by the Nigerian Army. When the case was mentioned, the counsel to the plaintiffs, Mrs Halima Olodo told the court that the case “is slated today for mentioning.” In his submission, counsel to the Nigerian Army, second and third respondents, Mr A. I. Omaji, told the court that they had already filed their response to the application for interlocutory injunction filed by the plaintiffs. The Presiding judge, Justice Kabir Dabo, adjourned the case to March 11 for hearing of the interlocutory injunction. Responding to journalists shortly after the adjournment, Olodo said, “The case is slated for today for the respondents’ motion for extension of time within which to file their counter affidavit and written address out of time. “And this was actually granted, so, we picked another date within which we can come back for hearing. “The court had earlier granted us an order restraining the Nigerian Army from collecting the said piece of farmland from Gyallesu community.” Olodo added that the respondents did not forward their application on time, however, the court had granted the application for them to submit their papers before next sitting. On his part, counsel to the respondents said, “What happened in court today is that we filed our response to the application for interlocutory injunction filed by the plaintiffs.” This issue had been lingering for a long period of time over ownership of the said piece of farmland which Gyallesu community allegedly said they have inherited from their great-grand parents.