A 60-year-old Cherubim and Seraphim pastor based in Birmingham, in the United Kingdom, identified as Michael Oluronbi was on Tuesday, January 14th, convicted by a UK court for 24 counts of child sexual abuse and rape. He was found guilty of 15 counts of rape, seven counts of indecent assault, and two counts of sexual assault Oluronbi was arrested at Birmingham Airport in May last year, while trying to leave the country for Nigeria, Daily Mail reports. His wife, Juliana Oluronbi was also convicted of three counts of aiding and abetting rape. According to court papers, five of the seven victims are siblings who were abused at their home address where the church conducted services. The prosecutors told the court that Oluronbi hid under the guise of carrying out deliverance and spiritual works on his victims, male and females, to sexually assault them. “This case involved the serious and sustained sexual abuse of vulnerable young children by a religious leader. The young age of the victims greatly increases the seriousness of the offences. “The main tactic he employed was to claim that God had instructed him to administer ‘Holy Baths’ to some of his congregation in order to ‘cleanse’ them and protect them from evil influences. “His wife, Juliana Oluronbi, gave her unwavering support to her husband and particularly arranged abortions whenever any of the victims got pregnant by her husband. “As a result of the hard work and diligence of the prosecution team, and the strength of the evidence, the two defendants were found guilty after trial. ‘There can be no doubt that its real purpose was to serve his sexual gratification.’ “It is only due to the great courage of the victims that this abuse was brought to light, and the full extent of the despicable and lawless behaviour of these people revealed.” Georgina Hewins, from the Crown Prosecution Service, said: He added that for some of the female victims the Pastor resulted ‘ to repeated rapes, on many occasions leading to unwanted pregnancies and terminations’.