Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Supreme Court, Tuesday, declared Senator Hope Uzodinma, candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, as duly elected governor of Imo State. It, therefore, ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to withdraw the certificate of return from former Governor, Emeka Ihedioha and issue same to Uzodinma, saying the votes due to Uzodinma and APC from 318 polling units were wrongly excluded and should be added. 2. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described the judgment of the Supreme Court, sacking, Imo State Governor, Hon. Emeka Ihedioha as ‘another very sad commentary on our nation’s democratic order.’ The party in a statement issued by its Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondinyan, said it found it difficult to understand how Senator Hope Uzodinma/APC, who came 4th in the March 9, 2019 governorship election, with just 96,458 votes, will suddenly, by the token of the judgment of the Supreme Court, defeat Gov Emeka Ihedioha/PDP that scored 276,404 votes. 3. Former Imo Gov. Rochas Okorocha has felicitated Sen. Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) over the Supreme Court ruling declaring him the winner of the 2019 governorship election in the State. Okorocha, who is representing Imo West Senatorial zone at the National Assembly, said he would support Uzodinma’s government to succeed in Imo, adding that the judgment represented the choice of Imo people. 4. The Federal Government has declared the security outfit by South-West states known as Operation Amotekun as illegal In a statement signed by the Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations to the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Dr Umar Gwandu, the government said the establishment of Amotekun is not backed by any known law in the land. 5. A village in Biu Local Government Area of Borno State in the northeast Nigeria came under Boko Haram attack on Tuesday night. Locals, who fled to Biu and managed to call relatives in Maiduguri, said the attackers came in several vehicles and were shooting sporadically. 6. One of the veteran Yoruba actors, Alhaji Toyosi Arigbabuwo is dead. Arigbabuwo was said to have died at his residence, in Apete in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, on Monday. 7. A Tinubu Magistrates’ Court in Lagos on Tuesday dismissed a car theft charge filed by the police against hip hop artist, Adeyemi Fashola, popularly known as Naira Marley. Chief Magistrate Tajudeen Elias ordered dismissal of the case after receiving a settlement agreement between the complainant Mr Adelekan Ademola and the four defendants. 8. At least one person died, two persons injured, while four vehicles were damaged in a tanker explosion that rocked Awka, Anambra State on Tuesday. Reports said the tanker was brought in for welding, shortly after discharging petroleum products, and that a welder was already working on it when residual petrol left inside caused an explosion that engulfed an automobile mechanic workshop in Amawbia, along the Enugu-Onitsha expressway. 9. The Niger State Government will commence the payment of the new National Minimum Wage this January. Governor Abubakar Sani Bello, who made this disclosure on Tuesday when he received Chairmen of the 25 Local Government Areas, said that a committee has been set up already and considerable progress has been made in an ongoing negotiation to begin the implementation of the new minimum wage. 10. Another set of missiles have been launched at US bases in Baghdad, Iraq on Tuesday. Katyusha rockets targeted the Taji military camp, located north of Baghdad, but no casualties were reported.