The Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Edo State, Chief Dan Orbih, has described Ebonyi Governor, David Umahi, as a mole working for the All Progressives Congress (APC). He called Umahi and some others “saboteurs within”, who were doing all in their powers to ensure that the PDP doesn’t win the Edo 2020 governorship election. The Chairman said this in a letter to the National Chairman of the party, Uche Secondus. The letter, dated January 25, 2020, condemned Umahi’s endorsement of the Governor of Edo State and leader of APC, Godwin Obaseki. Earlier, a member of the Board of Trustees of the PDP from Edo State, Daisy Danjuma, had declared support for Obaseki’s candidature. The full letter by Orbih to Secondus reads: H.E. Chief Uche Secondus
The National Chairman,
People’s Democratic Party,PDP.
Wadata Plaza
Abuja Your Excellency, Edo 2020 Election Under Threat. Saboteurs Within! As you are aware, Edo State is holding its governorship election later in the year. Edo PDP has been in opposition in the state since 2008 and from the opinion polls we conducted, this year, 2020, represents our brightest chance of winning the state back. The party in government is engrossed in a fierce battle of supremacy between the governor, Governor Obaseki and his national chairman Adams Oshiomhole. Their “fight” has seriously affected governance to the extent that even the state house of assembly only has 10 out of 24 members seating even though they won 24/24 seats in the last elections. Not fewer than 6 council chairmen have been sacked as well as at least 4 members of state executive council because of their “questionable loyalty”! They have polarized their party beyond recognition. There is a gale of suspension going on in their party as the National Chairman, State chairman and even the Governor, Deputy Governor and the Secretary to the State Government have all been suspended by the rival factions in their party. Their party is therefore now immersed in court cases across the federation. Your Excellency, this background was necessary so that you understand the pains we are going through in Edo when we hear leaders, members of the board of trustees and even some Governors uncharitable endorsement of APC embattled Governor Godwin Obaseki. The most recent of this is Governor David Umahi open endorsement of Godwin Obaseki for re-election. This practice you will agree with us is condemnable and smacks of indiscipline and ingratitude. It defeats the spirit of camaraderie that is supposed to exist within a political party. It is a morale-damper and it’s unacceptable. Your excellency, please use your office to call these leaders to order so that this open treachery doesn’t become a norm in our great party. We thank you for the support and leadership you have always provided. Be assured of our best wishes. Chief Dan Osi Orbih
Chairman
PDP EDO STATE.