Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Supreme Court of Nigeria on Monday, upheld the victories of Governors Abdulahi Ganduje and Simon Lalong of Kano and Plateau States. The court quashed the arguments put forward by the PDP and its candidates, validated the APC candidates as duly elected governors of their respective states. 2. Also, the court affirmed the elections of Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto and Bala Mohammed of Bauchi States. The apex court threw out the appeals filed against their victories by their opponents. 3. In today’s judgment, the court will decide the fate of Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State and his Adamawa State counterpart, Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri, all of the Peoples Democratic Party. The All Progressives Congress candidates are challenging their victories. 4. Boko Haram insurgents have cut off Maiduguri, the Borno state capital, from the national electricity grid. In a statement on Monday, Ndidi Mbah, spokesperson of the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN), said the insurgents damaged the electricity equipment serving the state capital and its environs. 5. Governor Hope Uzodinma of Imo State, has alleged of plot by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to initiate impeachment proceedings against him. Uzodinma alleged that PDP was secretly planning to incite members of the state House of Assembly to initiate an impeachment process against him. 6. Tension is currently rising among residents of Ondo State over the outbreak of Lassa fever in the state. With 15 lives already lost and 28 currently battling for survival due to the outbreak, the state government is yet to speak on the issue, just as source at the Federal Medical Centre, FMC, said score of patients have been affected by the deadly disease, disclosing that the hospital no longer have enough bed spaces for patients. 7. Resident doctors at the Alex Ekweme Federal Teaching Hospital, Abakaliki numbering over two hundred, Monday, embarked on a 3-day warning strike. According to the striking doctors, the warning strike followed the alleged refusal of the management of the hospital to pay them all arrears of their salary shortfall. 8. The Federal Government has filed a fresh 42-count charge against former Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Mr. Mohammed Bello Adoke and six others over alleged fraud in the $1.1 billion Malabu oil deal. The Federal Government, in a document with charge number CR/151/2020 dated Jan. 14 and filed on Jan. 15, at the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory, accused Adoke and others of receiving gratification to allegedly carry out a fraudulent oil deal. 9. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Monday, staged a nationwide protest over the sack of the former governor of Imo State, Chief Emeka Ihedioha. The party, therefore, gave the Nigerian Supreme Court 24 hours to reverse the judgement it delivered on the Imo State governorship election, saying the declaration of Hope Uzodinma as the governor of Imo State was a rape of democracy. 10.The Biafra Nations Youth League, BNYL, has described the agitation for South-South Presidency 2023 as baseless. The Chief Press Secretary of BNYL, Comrade Richard Odung, in a statement on Monday, lambasted the PANDEF for making such claims that the South-east prefers Biafra while the South-south wants 2023 Presidency.