Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The National Universities Commission, NUC, has phased out Mass Communication Degree in Nigeria institutions. The NUC said it has unbundled Mass Communication into seven separate degree programmes to meet present demand and this takes effect from 2020 admissions into Nigerian universities. With the development, there will be no more Mass Communication as a degree programme in universities in Nigerian. 2. The Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has called on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) to immediately release former Kaduna lawmaker, Shehu Sani. The group noted that the continued detention of Sani without charge was against the principle of being innocent until proven guilty. 3. President Muhammau Buhari has approved the reconstitution of the board of Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC). Ademola Seriki is now the board Chairman with effect from January 7. Seriki, a Lagos indigene, served as Minister of State for Interior under the Jonathan administration. 4. A new video surfaced showing the moment a Ukrainian airliner carrying 176 passengers was hit by a missile before crashing not far from Iran’s airport in Tehran on Wednesday. The New York Times and CNN said they were sent the video by internet-freedom researcher Nariman Gharib, who said he obtained it from another individual. 5. The Transition Committee Chairman of Arochukwu Local Government Area of Abia, Mr Onyekachi Okoro, is dead, a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the area has confirmed. Okoro was said to have slumped at a private residence in Umuahia around 1pm on Thursday and died before he could get medical help. 6. Nigerians and other foreign nationals resident in South Africa’s Keimoes and Upington areas of Northern Cape Province were on Thursday morning given 12 hours to vacate by the indigenes. The President of Nigeria Union in South Africa, Mr Adetola Olubajo, who made the disclosure in a statement on Thursday in Lagos, said the development was as a result of an ugly incident that took place on Wednesday, Jan. 8, between a Police Officer and a Nigerian. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has cancelled the dismissal of Marilyn Amobi as the Managing Director of the Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trading Company Limited (NBET). Buhari’s decision was contained in a memo by the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF). 8. Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers, on Wednesday night attacked the Good Shepherd Catholic Major Seminary, situated in Kakau, along Kaduna-Abuja road and made away with four seminarians. According to the Registrar of the school, Rev Fr (Dr) Joel Usman, the incident happened between 10:30PM and 11:00 PM on Wednesday night. 9. Justice Jude Okeke of the High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Thursday, sentenced the Director-General of the National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), Olusegun Runsewe, to prison. He gave the order while ruling on a motion drawn from a suit filed by Ummakalif Limited against the Minister of the FCT; Federal Capital Development Authority (FCDA); DG of NCAC, and the Minister for Culture and Tourism, as the first, second, third and fourth defendants respectively. 10. Governors from the six states in the South West region on Thursday, declared that the region and its Governors strongly believed in the unity of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and its indissoluble sovereignty. Governor Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, who is the Chairman, Western Nigeria Governors’ Forum, while speaking at the launch held in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital and attended by Governors Seyi Makinde of Oyo, Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti, Deputy Governor of Ogun, Noimat Salako-Oyedele, Deputy Governor of Osun, Benedict Gboyega Alabi,the Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Adeyeye Ogunwusi, Otunba Deji Osinbogun and Professor Banjo Akintoye, said that Governors in the region are committed, in all ramifications, to the ideals that will make the country stronger and more united, and not to divide it.