It was almost like a general belief that Sadio Mane would win the Tuesday night CAF award. Few hours to the award, ex-footballers and analysts had voiced their support for Mane. His Liverpool team-mate Mohammed Salah stayed back in the UK to train. Several miles away from him, Riyad Mahrez and co were running rings around Manchester United in a Carabao Cup semi-final. Of the three final nominees, Mane sat alone in the Citadel Azure, in the city of Hurghada in Egypt. In 2019, he stood alone, out by himself, as the best African footballer. Mane enjoyed a brilliant year with both Senegal and Liverpool. He helped the Teranga Lions to the final of the Africa Cup of Nations in Egypt, where they eventually lost to Algeria. Last season, the 27-year-old netted 22 goals to share the Premier League Golden Boot with Salah and Gabon’s Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Mane also played a key role in helping Jurgen Klopp’s men win the UEFA Champions League, Super League and the FIFA Club World Cup last year. Pundits are indeed surprised that this is the first time Mane is being named CAF African Player of the Year. In fact, he becomes only the second man from his country to win it, after El Hadj Diouf. However, what is a true measure of his sheer ability, is that he is now in the Ballon d’Or conversations. During the last edition, Mane finished in fourth place behind winner, Lionel Messi, Virgil van Dijk and Cristiano Ronaldo. It is truly amazing how he has done enough to be talked about – and rewarded – with Salah being the more famous figure. “I think Mo Salah tends to get more headlines than Mane does and other players get mentioned more than he does. “There’s probably a million and one reasons why that is, but certainly at Anfield, at Liverpool, amongst fans, he’s appreciated as much as anyone else. We love him,” Gareth Roberts, editor of Liverpool fanzine The Anfield Wrap, told CNN Sport. Even Messi, who voted for Mane to win the FIFA The Best award last year, said it is “a shame” to see Mane finish fourth in the Ballon d’Or rankings for 2019. He told Canal+: “It’s a shame to see Mane finish in fourth place. “But I think there have been a lot of great players this year. That’s why it was difficult to choose a particular player. “But I chose Sadio Mane because he’s a player that I like. “Mane achieved a great year that was exceptional for the entire Liverpool team. That’s why I chose him. “I repeat, there were a lot of very great players this year, so the choice was difficult.” Analysts believe that in a matter of years, at another Ballon d’Or event, everybody would know, that Mane will be named the winner.