The Enugu Electricity Distribution PLC (EEDC), on Wednesday, announced that customers making payments above N3,000 can no longer do so in cash. It said with effect from 1st of February, 2020, such customers are expected to pay using electronic and other alternative payment channels available to them. This development was contained in a release issued by the Head of Communications, EEDC, Mr. Emeka Ezeh. He explained that the move by the organization was in compliance with the recent cashless policy initiative introduced by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). Ezeh said that from 1st February, payments for electricity bill above N3,000.00 will no longer be accepted in cash at any of EEDC’s payment outlets. He enumerated the electronic and other alternative payment channels to include: Point of Sale (PoS, using ATM cards), Energy Pay, Any Bank outlet, Collection Agents (these include: Paga, Capricorn, Fidelity Bank, G-pay, Vatebra, Fucil Data tech and Direct Bank Transfer (mostly for Maximum Demand customers). According to him, the Collection Agents are present in rural communities and can also be found in all locations across the EEDC franchise area. The Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) through an Order issued on 30th December, 2019, ordered the Distribution Companies to migrate to cashless settlement platforms for its electricity bills collection, for Residential, Industrial and Commercial customers. The Order is in line with presidential directive geared towards reducing collection leakages and losses, and improve overall revenue assurance in the power sector. Consequently, to ensure strict compliance by the Distribution Companies, NERC mandated the transition to cashless settlement platforms for the billing/collection of Residential, Industrial and Commercial customers. Ezeh advised customers to support the initiative and comply by taking advantage of the range of electronic payment platforms in paying their electricity bills, and to always endeavor to obtain receipt after any payment.