An Ibadan-based broadcaster, Mrs. Ronke Fajemirokun, is dead. DAILY POST gathered on Friday that Fajemirokun died at the University College Hospital (UCH) Ibadan in the early hours of Friday as a result of brief illness. She was one of the sought after newscasters at the Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) until her deployment in 2019 to Simeon Adebo Staff Development Centre at Agodi State Secretariat, Ibadan, where she was a Director. The Oyo State Council of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), described the deceased as a forthright, easy going and kind journalist who contributed significantly to the journalism profession. Chairman and Secretary of the union, Comrades Ademola Babalola and Sola Oladapo respectively, said the late journalist would be surely missed for her contributions to the development of Oyo State. “With heavy heart, we announce the death of a seasoned broadcaster and eminent Yoruba newscaster on Broadcasting Corporation of Oyo State (BCOS) channels, Mrs. Ronke Fajemirokun. “Mrs. Ronke Fajemirokun died this morning (Friday) at the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan during a brief illness. “The late journalist would be sorely missed for her contributions to the development of Oyo State. “The late Fajemirokun, was a Yoruba News caster and great journalist, until the 2019 redeployment exercise of the Oyo State Government for many staffers of the Corporation, took her to Simeon Adebo Staff Development Centre at Agodi State Secretariat, Ibadan, where she was a Director. “The Union described Fajemirokun as a forthright, easy going and kind journalist who contributed significantly to the journalism profession and development of the society in general. “The release urged the family, friends and well wishers of the late broadcaster and indeed all journalists in the State to take heart and pray fervently to God for an end to such occurrence in our midst. May God forgive her of her trespasses and give the family, friends and all of us the grace to bear her irreplaceable loss. It is well.”