Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) on Sunday said that two bodies had been recovered from the explosion site of a Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) pipeline at Ile Epo axis of Alimosho Local Government Area of Lagos State. Mr. Ibrahim Farinloye, Acting Coordinator, Lagos Territorial Office, NEMA, who confirmed the development , said that several buildings and articulated vehicles were engulfed in the inferno which happened on Sunday night. 2. The Spiritual Director of Adoration Ministry in Enugu state, Rev. Fr. Ejike Mbaka, has said Emeka Ihedioha should have come to his church to seek God’s intervention, before losing at the Supreme Court last week. The cleric used the opportunity to advise the present generation to believe in prophecy which he said was immemorial, and will not cease to exist. 3. Jennifer Ukambong Samuel, the aid worker rescued from Boko Haram, on Sunday said that Leah Sharibu was in good condition. Jennifer said though she did not see Leah Sharibu, she was informed by one Alice, another girl who has been in captivity for about two years that Leah was alive. 4. Former Vice President, Atiku Abubakar has declared support for Amotekun. Atiku noted that the support was based on the fact that the “centrally controlled police architecture cannot exclusively” deal with security challenges confronting Nigeria. 5. A massive protest is currently on going in Imo State over the Supreme Court judgement that sacked Emeka Ihedioha of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) as Governor, and declared Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the election winner. Hundreds of youths are marching through the streets, carrying banners, placards and chanting solidarity songs. 6. The President Muhammadu Buhari-led government has revealed goods and services exempted from the Value Added Tax, VAT increase. According to the details obtained by our reporter on Sunday from the office of the Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, several basic food items, locally manufactured sanitary towels, pads and tuition relating to nursery, primary, secondary and tertiary education have been added to the exemption list of goods and services on the VAT. 7. The Kaduna Police Command has debunked the story being circulated by The Premium Times that 30 people were killed and 100 abducted when bandits attacked an emir. The Nigeria Police, Kaduna State Command refuted the claims in a statement signed by its Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Yakubu Abubakar Sabo, made available on Sunday January 19, 2020. 8. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Benue state, has criticised the All Progressives Congress (APC) over allegations of distracting purposeful leadership ahead of the awaited Supreme Court ruling. PDP State Publicity Secretary, Bemgba Iortyom, in a statement at the weekend, said APC was attempting to distract the purposeful leadership in the state. 9. The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), on Sunday, confirmed that three people died in an accident involving an articulated vehicle and a tricycle on Mgbuka-Nkpor road in Onitsha. The Sector Commander, Mr Andrew Kumapayi, explained that the driver of the articulated vehicle with no registration number lost control and rammed into a tricycle (Keke NAPEP), which was conveying three passengers. 10. Suspected Fulani herdsmen have attacked and stabbed a Commercial motorcycle operator, Jamilu Umaru to death in Udjevwu Community, Udu Local Government Area of Delta State. The Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Mohammed Hafiz Inuwa, who confirmed the report, said the deceased was robbed of his motorbike.