Hundreds of youth in Juji Community, Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State on Saturday, staged a protest over the rampant cases of kidnapping in their community. They marched from their community in the wee hour of Saturday to Sabon Tasha, where they blocked the highway for close to an hour. They set up bonfires for about thirty minutes, preventing free flow of vehicles before the arrival of Kaduna Brigade Commander of the Nigerian Army in a convoy of about six trucks with armed soldiers, accompanied by Policemen from the Sabon Tasha. It took a combined security forces of the Army, Police and Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps ( NSCDC) to disperse the angry youths. The Brigade Commander appealed to them to go back to their community, assuring them of adequate measures to protect them. The youth leader of the community, Hosea Bawa told newsmen that they embarked on a peaceful protest against increasing cases of kidnapping in their area. After they were dispersed, the Army convoy moved on to Juji were they consoled the victim, Dr. Philip Ataga, whose wife and two children were kidnapped early Saturday. At Dr. Ataga’s residence, he told newsmen that he got home past midnight to find out that the kidnappers went away with his wife and children. He said he was yet to be contacted by the gunmen to know if it is a case of kidnapping for ransom. The security guard at the residence, Emmanuel Jatau, 21 years old from Kufena in Kajuru LGA told newsmen that he has been working in the house for two months. “I was ironing clothes with the generator on. I was almost completing ironing when I started hearing gun shots and I went to lock the gates and entered the room, as Madam also, entered the house. There was exchange of gunshots with policeman, as they tried to gain access. They broke through the fence and entered; five of them. “They escaped with the madam and children and asked me to lie down. I escaped to one of my friends’ house and came back at dawn,” he said. Devastated, Dr. Philip Ataga, whose wife and 2 children were abducted explained that the operation took place as from 11pm till about 2am. Councillor of Sabon Tasha Ward in Chikun LGA, Honourable Ganaka Kofi who was also at the residence of the victim, told newsmen that it is unfortunate that the criminals have become more daring. The victim, Dr. Ataga is the owner of the popular Ataga Scan and medicals in Kaduna as well as the Chris Joja Lounge, located in Sabon Tasha.