The Federal Government has assured Nigerians of its readiness to strengthen surveillance at five international airports in the country to prevent the spread of Coronavirus. The five international airports are in Enugu, Lagos, Rivers, Kano and the FCT. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, who disclosed this at a news conference on Tuesday in Abuja, said the government would also set up multi-sectoral committee to scale up surveillance and vigilance. According to the minister, the committee will help to scale up surveillance to detect suspicious cases and ensure containment. “The committee shall comprise of critical stakeholders in the health, security, aviation and transport sectors and also include development partners, bearing in mind that air travellers are more likely carriers of the virus. “Attention will be given to five international airports to ensure that the point of entries are monitored and the ministry is working to forestall the importation of coronavirus to the country. “The risk of importation is possible in all countries. However, the ministry wishes to assure all Nigerians that the capacity to detect, access and respond to this and other public health challenges are put in place,” he said. The minister said that in addition, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) had set up coronavirus group and was ready to activate its incident system for coronavirus if any case emerged in Nigeria. According to him, NCDC is currently receiving World Health Organisation (WHO) advisory to countries and agencies on surveillance and response. “The collaborative engagement will not attain success without the support of state governments, particularly states hosting the international airports. “The ministry is finalising plans to engage authorities of those states to enhance surveillance and response in their domains,’’ he said. Ehanire, therefore, urged airlines to comply with protocol on any passenger who took ill or looked ill on board to be reported by authorities. He also urged airlines and the public to call stipulated lines at the airports’ entries to share any information on the virus, and gave the telephone numbers as: 09092996283; 08095553232. While fielding questions from journalists on capacity of Nigeria to handle the virus, the minister said that the country had good laboratories for testing suspected samples. “Our laboratory testing skills is increasing and you will need reagent for any test but we do not have regent for the virus; WHO will advise countries where to send samples to,’’ he said.