As the federal government of Nigeria continues to harp on the need for all Nigerians to go into farming, young Nigerian, Adama J Adama, has floated Farm4Me.com.ng, the nation’s number one Agritech Company. The outfit is on a mission to put smiles on the faces of smallholder farmers, create jobs for vulnerable women and youths and make a decent profit for working class Nigerians. Speaking on the idea behind Farm4Me.com.ng, the set man, Adama, said “The idea was born out of an IFAD Value Chain Seminar on e-Commerce and Agribusiness anchored by Adama J. Adama at the CBN Entrepreneurship Development Centre in March 2017. “Farm4Me.com.ng came alive when we secured our first 100 Hectares farmland. We got our first Client who took over the entire 100 Hectares farmland and requested for 400 Hectares more. So we upped our game and secured more partnership with land owners that give us access to over 254, 000 hectares of farmland across Nigeria. “Presently, Clients have signed up with us with over 2800 hectares of farmland. There are ongoing deals worth over 50, 000 hectares to close. We work with 52, 345 registered smallholder farmers and we are creating jobs for 23, 563 vulnerable women and youths.  “Farm4Me is the most sought after online farming platform in Nigeria. The secret is simple – we actually farm for our Clients and they own the farm 100%. We also make sure that their invested capital is not lost if the farm doesn’t yield. We make 100% refund. “Our mission is to put smiles on the faces of smallholder farmers, create jobs for vulnerable women and youths and make a decent profit for working class Nigerians who give us money to farm for them. “Our vision is to become a household name in Nigeria through our visible impact.  “Our Business Model – we charge 10% of the total cost of farming from land clearing to harvest as farm management fee. Or you simply pay us in kind with 10% of the total farm harvest. You could lease the farmland or pay the land owner 10% of the total farm harvest. “We are Innovative Farmers passionate about bringing the world’s attention to the agribusiness opportunities in Nigeria.  “So individuals, companies and organizations passionate about Agriculture could partner with us to grow food at scale to curb global hunger and poverty. We desire to engage jobless and  vulnerable Youths and Women in Agriculture to create wealth.  “Our process is simple and transparent. We keep you in the loop on the farm progress. You can visit the farm any time, any day. You choose to harvest the farm produce yourself or allow us harvest for you. You have the freedom to choose the type of farm you want.  “We sell fresh farm produce online at our Online Shop. We have a growing Online Directory of Farmers, Cooperatives, Agribusiness Companies and Organizations in Nigeria. We also into farm equipment rentals, improved seeds supply and produce supply. Speaking in his challenges, the young man said, “The major challenge facing our business is lack of farm equipment to meet the high demand. We tractors and other farm equipment we have are not enough for our clients. Some clients are asking for equipment that are not easy to access in Nigeria. “Farm equipment are costly. We are open to financing options from banks and farm equipment dealers or manufacturers will help us procure more equipment. “The other challenge is lack of trust. But the daring Clients are trusting us with their hard earned money. I even went as far as getting Police Character Certificate that captured all my finger prints and a Leadway Insurance Certificate. We are in this for the long term. And will earn the trust of Nigerians with time. “I think Agriculture  is capable of tackling your unemployment in Nigeria. There is a high demand for farm produce locally and globally. We have huge orders, we can’t fulfill. It is also easier to start a farm with little capital.  “We are also taking the risk from farming. For instance, and if you pay us to farm for you and it didn’t yield as expected, we pay you your money back. That is the agreement we enter into with our Clients before they pay us to farm for them. So the risk is on us. So Nigerian graduates can profit greatly from Agriculture. “We also discovered that it is cheaper and faster to engage in mechanized farming than the subsistence farming that scared many young Nigerians away from farming. With just N40, 000 per day, a tractor can cultivate at least 5 hectares of farmland. That is N8, 000 per hectare. Engage human beings to do that same work and it will take days and cost you more money. “So Nigerians will embrace mechanized farming and make good money from it. There is also a great opportunity to make money supplying commodities to buyers. This will give thousands of Nigerians decent jobs. There is money in Agriculture. On our part we are educating Nigerians on these agribusiness opportunities in Nigeria through our blog, radio and TV programs. I see agriculture employing millions of Nigerians in the coming years.” Address: Suite 1005, Anbeez Plaza, Wuse, Abuja Phone: ++2348064806168, +2349068681808 E-mail: info@farm4me.com.ng Facebook page: www.facebook.com/farm4me/