Prediabetes is a condition in which a person’s blood sugar is chronically elevated, though not so high as to indicate full-blown diabetes. It means that a combination of risk factors is leading you down the path toward type 2 diabetes and all the negative health consequences that entails. By some estimates, type 2 diabetes can shave 10 years off of your life.  Your doctor should already be testing your blood glucose at your regular checkups, but how can you tell if you are prediabetic or having type 2 diabetes? Read on to know more about the risk posed by prediabetes… 1. High Blood Pressure People with high blood pressure are at an increased risk of prediabetes because hypertension forces the heart to work harder to move blood around the body. This in turn makes it more difficult for the body to eliminate excess sugar from the bloodstream. Hypertension and prediabetes are conditions that exacerbate each other, and studies have shown that having both greatly increases your risk of heart failure. If you know that you have hypertension, you should get serious about preventing prediabetes right away.  2. Unexplained Increase in Hunger  Sugar, or glucose, is a fuel source we need to power our bodies. But when we get too much, insulin produced by the pancreas becomes unable to process glucose effectively. That leaves a lot of sugar floating around the blood, where it cannot be used for energy. As a result, you may feel hungry soon after a meal, because your body hasn’t gotten what it needs. Hunger is usually a good cue to eat more, but in the case of prediabetes, it won’t help the problem. It is better to drink some water to help flush extra sugar out in your urine, and partake in gentle exercise to improve your body’s insulin sensitivity.  3. Extreme Fatigue  The same way that excess blood sugar can lead to hunger it can also lead to exhaustion. When your body isn’t getting the fuel it needs, despite eating full meals, you are bound to feel tired. This symptom may lead to other risk factors for prediabetes as well, because of course when you are drained and exhausted you feel the need to rest.  But when the fatigue is chronic, you may scale back on the physical activity necessary to maintain a healthy body weight. Sedentary lifestyle and poor diet are the two biggest risk factors for prediabetes.  4. Blurry Vision Both prediabetes and full blown diabetes can negatively impact your vision. When blood sugar levels swing wildly from high to low, it can cause fluid to leak into the lens of your eye. That happens because your body has gone into overdrive to pull as much water as possible from cells in order to flush out excess sugar. The effect on your eyes is that they swell and change shape, eventually preventing them from focusing properly. There are a lot of other potential causes for blurry vision, but if you can link yours with any of the other symptoms on our list, prediabetes could be the culprit.  5. Increased thirst Increased thirst, especially after a meal, can signal prediabetes. Your body has begun to work very hard to eliminate excess glucose from the bloodstream, and one of the ways it does this is by diluting the blood and flushing unprocessed sugar out via urine. To get that water, your body will often pull it from surrounding cells, leaving them dehydrated and you chronically thirsty. When you are locked in this vicious cycle, you may experience dehydration no matter how much you drink. If, after reading our list, you find that you’re experiencing several of the warning symptoms of prediabetes, don’t panic. With proper attention, it is still reversible. The first step is to make an appointment with your doctor to be assessed. He or she can provide helpful advice on diet and other preventative steps. We recommend laying out a series of small, sustainable changes that you can build upon. Start by drinking more water every day and taking the stairs instead of the elevator whenever you can. Then cut out sodas, or fast food meals, or your sugary bedtime snack. Add more fruits and vegetables to your daily meals. To make it even better for you, at this point, let me recommend a natural remedy that reverses type 2 diabetes and prediabetes in few weeks without using insulin or diabetes drugs like metformin or glucophage Introducing… “Diabetes Remedy Kit” “100% Natural HERBAL REMEDY to Completely Reverse type 2 
or type 1 Diabetes, Normalize Blood Sugar Levels and 
Repair Pancreas” “UG Capsules & AKUM Tea”  This is a program which consists of natural herbal supplements (UG capsules and AKUM tea) which helps to deal with the effect of diabetes and also gradually reduces the blood sugar level in the system until you finally become FREE as you use them. These 2 herbal products (UG capsules and Akum tea) have been proven to help normalize blood sugar levels, works tremendously for insulin and non-insulin diabetes and reverses diabetes within the shortest time possible. They have the highest international certifications of approval and also approved by NAFDAC. They are made from 100% herbal extracts and have no side effects at all. Let me explain these 2 herbal products, their functions and how they help you normalize your blood sugar levels… UG Herbal Capsules   contains 60 capsules,
                                          Dosage: 2 capsules 2 times daily before or after meal UG capsules mainly contains herbal extracts: spondias mombin 50%, euphorbia hirta 35% and Allium sativum 15% Research scientists have proven that spondias mombin, a medicinal plant have been evaluated to successfully treat diabetic patients. The main reason this is possible is due to the peak hypoglycemic effect of spondias mombin, hence which justifies its use for the treatment of diabetes mellitus. Another consituent of UG capsules, Euphorbia hirta, is an herbal extract found in india and Australia. It is also known to have the same hypoglycemic effect, and have been in use for many years as traditional medicine for diabetes. It’s also used for diabetic wound healing. AKUM TEA  contains 40 tea bags
                                                      To be taken 1 tea bag morning and evening Akum tea is a sure blend for the treatment of insulin dependent and non-insulin dependent diabetes. It contains herbal extracts such as mistletoe and anacardium ocidentale. Make no mistake about it, these are rare, herbal plant extracts that will help you effortlessly kickstart your type 2 diabetes reversal, fills your body with the exact nutrients to help repair your pancreas, and say goodbye to your type 2 diabetes in few weeks. Plus, you will be able to stop using your overpriced drugs or insulin shots… because you’ll reteach your body to regulate blood sugar on its own. Once you start using these 2 natural herbal therapy, you will increase your metabolism, increase your insulin absorption rate, melt away fat, giving you more energy and lowering your risk of heart diseases. With the Diabetes Remedy kit, you can say goodbye to a life full of frustration and fear, and start enjoying freedom from diabetes. Here’s how the Diabetes Remedy Kit works... – Take 2 capsules of the UG herbal capsules, morning and evening before meals.

– Also, put 1 tea bag of the Akum tea in the kettle, add water. Boil for 3 minutes. Drink warm. – Drink the tea in the morning and evening (that is twice daily). Within the first 1 month, over 60% of the people that have used it have recorded normal blood sugar levels. And within 2 months, all of the people we’ve recommended it for have reversed their type 2 diabetes. Within the next 60 days or less, you too could say goodbye to your type 2 diabetes. And to Prove it, Here Are What People Who Have used the Diabetes Remedy Kit Are Saying About it, and How They’ve Seen Tremendous Results from Using it… My doctor told me that Type 2 diabetes is a chronic disease, which means I was going to have it for life. They said there was no cure. After I came across the Diabetes Remedy kit, I decided to get it, took d herbal capsules n akum tea as recommended, been about 2 months, HBA1c is back at 4.3, so im no longer classed as diabetic. Got to say, your Diabetes Remedy kit is A LIFE SAVER. Alh. Abdullahi – Maitama, Abuja My wife ordered for Diabetes remedy kit for me. Within few weeks of using it, am surprised by the results have gotten. my sugar cravings are lesser, I’ve been able to keep my blood sugar is steadier for hours longer now. My wife is happy as my HbA1c and my bad cholesterol has dropped a bit on my last lab test. I was told if I keep this up I will be able to reverse my diabetes. I take it because getting my HbA1c down helped me in the bedroom if you know what I mean!” Mr. Gabriel – Trans-amadi, Port Hacourt I have been diagnosed with type-2 daibetes for years. Even with the medications, I was always worried about my blood sugar levels, so I was always testing 8 or 9 times daily. I was always careful about what I ate. Diabetes made my life miserable. A relative recommended your Diabetes remedy kit for me, and it helped me repair my pancreas, stopped managing my symptoms and I was experiencing results gradually. After using the kit, my doctor confirmed I’m diabetes free. you need to tell more people about this program, to save more lives and save people from amputations and heart diseases. Mrs. Aghedo (warri, delta) 6 years ago, my physician explained to me I had a severe case of type 2 diabetes. At that point, I decided to change to an healthier lifestyle to save my life bcos it took the life of my mum. But after several years, the medications were becoming too expensive and useless for me. I decided enough was enough, I would take complete control and would not let diabetes take my life away from my family and the effect it had on my family’s life. Few months ago, I stumbled on the Diabetes remedy kit, decided to give it a trial. I started using the UG capsules and akum tea, It helped bring down my blood sugar levels that my doc was surprised. I am happy to say my A1C now at 5.9 and I’m OFF diabetic meds. Mrs. Olayinka – Lekki, Lagos Truth is, I could load more and more testimonials/feedbacks from people who have used this Diabetes Remedy Kit, but I will only be saying the same thing… these products works like gangbusters! As we speak, lots of people are already raving about how effective the diabetes remedy kit is, and how it has helped them fix the root cause of the disease, repair pancreas, and naturally lower blood sugar. By word of mouth, there’s so much huge demand, supplies are going off the shelf fast… even my colleagues at work, picked up 17 of the Diabetes Remedy kit. So, there are just about 137 kits remaining. Right now, thousands of people are on this website… and stocks are extremely limited. We have no idea when the next stocks are going to arrive, so my advise to you is this: get your supplies now while you can! When you go ahead and place order now, you will get it at an affordable discount price. If you procrastinate, I cannot assure you that you will get it at the same discount price. If you start today, then less than 1 month from today, you could be free to enjoy life, and never again worry about diabetes-related early death or amputations. SO HOW MUCH IS THE DIABETES REMEDY KIT? Let me ask you… what’s something like this worth? What would you give to have your life back again, without the fear and pain of diabetes? To know that you’ll never have to stick yourself with a lancelet ever again? To be able to stop injecting yourself full of synthetic insulin? To never again have to worry about going blind, or kidney failure, or having a heart attack with no one around to save you? To finally stop taking all those ridiculously expensive diabetes drugs that don’t even work? To be able to tell the Big Pharmaceutical & MLM companies that they can’t have your money anymore? To do all this while losing weight, looking younger, and having better sex than you’ve had in years? Once you start using the Diabetes Remedy Kit, within 30 – 60 days from now, you will say goodbye to diabetes, and of course, you’ll never have to look for another solution to Diabetes! Imagine the look of shock on your doctor’s face… When he tells you that your blood sugar is completely normal, just WEEKS after you were diagnosed with an “incurable” disease… When he asks you, “How did you do this? None of the diabetes drugs are capable of this! What did you do?” How much would you give for this? You see, you won’t pay a lot for this Diabetes Remedy kit. And if you go ahead and get it now, you will enjoy…

=> the discount introductory price => 100% FREE Shipping to every state in Nigeria => Payment at the point of delivery (or at your DOORSTEP) This means you will pay for the products only when it has been brought down to you face to face by our courier company or delivery man. Here’s a breakdown of the price (depending on the supply you are ordering for) …    DISCOUNT PRICE = N55,000  Yes, for this small price, you will get access to the Diabetes Remedy kit and start using it. The Diabetes Remedy pack is worth much more considering how much money you’re going to spend on trying to manage your Diabetes, and considering how much our health mean to us and our loved ones. For this extremely low price you can start getting your health back, jumpstart your pancreas, make your body remember how to absorb insulin and ensure your blood glucose stay at a healthy, normal level. You’ll be able to stop taking insulin injections, and completely reverse your diabetes, without using chemical drugs, and without any side effects whatsoever! The specially recommended option is for 2months pack, obviously it has more quantities of the UG capsules, so you get the perfect and desired results from it, and you’ll never spend money again on this. The 2months pack is also for severe diabetic patients. However, both the 1month pack and 2months pack options will give excellent results when you make use of them. Like I said earlier, this is an extremely limited offer. It will not be available for a long time, it’s either we go out of stocks, or the price goes up soon, so you may end up paying at an increased price if you procrastinate. So go ahead, order for it right away and start using it to repair your pancreas, reverse type 2 diabetes, normalize blood sugar levels and say goodbye to your expensive diabetic medications & insulin injections! Best part is, there’s absolutely no risk on your part. Here’s what I mean: You don’t have to pay first before you get this product. We have payment on delivery option for you get the items. Once you place your order, our marketing firm sends the item to your state through our courier delivery service. Once it get to your state, our delivery man picks up item and bring it to your provided address. Next, you collect your item and pay the money to the delivery man that brings it for you. No extra cost, no risk whatsoever! Depending on your location in your state, delivery takes within 2 – 4 business days after you’ve placed an order. Warning, for payment on delivery option (please, serious buyers only): Follow the instructions below to place order, and get 
 the products delivered to your doorstep 
 (payment on delivery)
 
This means you will pay for the products only when it has been brought 
down to you face to face by our courier service agent 
 
 Pay on Delivery Option Available to All States in Nigeria Here’s How to Order for Your DIABETES REMEDY KIT Today at the Special Discount Price

Depending on the option that you are ordering for… *If you are ordering for “1 Month pack”… indicate the code “DIABETES REMEDY KIT 1month PACK” in your text message… *If you are ordering for “2 Months pack”… indicate it “DIABETES REMEDY KIT 2months PACK” in your text message… DIABETES REMEDY KIT 1Month PACK – N30,000 DIABETES REMEDY KIT 2Months PACK – N55,000 Here’s what to send to us… Text the (the option you are ordering for) with the following information below… that is, Diabetes remedy kit 1month pack or 2months pack Send This Information as a text message to 09027094039 Please Note: Your delivery address must include (your street name, town, local govt and state). Detailed Enough to make it traceable by our courier delivery man that will come around to deliver to you. You will get a SMS and Call from us within 24 hours to confirm your Order Before we Parcel It Across to You. DELIVERY TIME

Once we received your order, and your details are correct, you will receive an sms or call confirmation from us. Your products will then be sent to our courier delivery and the items should get to you within 2-4 Days for nationwide delivery to other state, and 1-2 days for orders within Lagos state. Note: The product will be packaged discreetly and no one else will know 
what’s inside, and every other information will be kept 
private and 100% confidential. Option 2 If you live in Lagos or Abuja, or nearby, you can also walk into our marketing department office to pick up the products. You will meet our team ready to give you these products at same price… That is you Pay at our office, and get it instantly Vantagesoft Marketing Enterprises
Block B, Suite 9, Primal Tek Plaza, Beside ECO centre, 
by Mokola Bus stop, opposite Gowon Estate Market,
Egbeda-Idimu road, Egbeda, Lagos.

or

Suite 3B, First Floor, Shopping plaza beside NNPC Filling station,
opposite LHS school, Ilo awela road, by Toll Gate Bus stop, Ota
off Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway or

Abuja office Hub: EFAB MALL Extension, suite A-75, 
3rd Floor, Garki, Area 11, Abuja, Fct. (Monday – Saturday 9am – 5pm) Customer support line: 09027094039 That is all you have to do to get access to the Diabetes Remedy kit. Go ahead, make the smartest decision of your life, get it now. Remember, within the next 60 days or less, you would have jumpstarted your pancreas and reversed the real cause (and painful symptoms) of your type 2 diabetes. Think for a moment about your future and that of your family. If you don’t make the right decision to get it today, and decide not to change anything? You’ll try medicine after medicine, with no results, apart from the dangerous side effects such as weight gain and heart disease that come with them. You’ll have to continue with the annoyance and pain of blood tests and insulin injections. I’ve been once in the same shoes before. I know how it feel. I know how it hurts being a burden on your friends and your family. No doubt about it, this is a chance to naturally reverse your type diabetes, bring your blood sugar down to normal levels within the next few weeks.  Remember, the Diabetes Remedy kit is the exact miracle herbal solution that reverse type 2 diabetes, save you from amputations, and normalizes blood sugar/glucose levels. So now you’re faced with a choice: > You can continue along the same path, leaving your health to chance. > Or you can make the right decision and try out Diabetes Remedy Kit (UG capsules & Akum tea), for this low discount price… this powerful herbal remedy can start working its magic, normalize your blood sugar levels, and reverse type 2 diabetes in few weeks. To really make this an easy decision you have access to the risk-free pay on delivery option, free shipping and introductory discount offer (for serious buyers only). Take advantage of this natural formula NOW. Go ahead and place order now to get your risk-free supply of Diabetes Remedy Kit today. Sincerely, Mr. Solomon – 09027094039 Former Diabetes patient, and Underground Health Researcher