Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Multiple rockets were on Sunday launched at the US embassy in Baghdad, Iraq’s capital. According to reports, the rocket hit an apartment complex, killing civilians. Residents of the Baghdad said three explosions rang out and were heard inside the heavily-fortified Green Zone, home to the US Embassy and the seat of Iraq’s government. 2. Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in Michika Local Government Area of Adamawa State, Lawan Andimi, who was kidnapped on Saturday has called on CAN, the governor of Adamawa State, Fintiri and other authorities to come to his rescue. A short video uploaded by Ahmed Salkida showed that Andimi has been captured by the terror group. In the video, Andimi, while pleading with the authorities commended his captors for treating him well. He urged his family members to pray for his release, adding that if he is not released, maybe it is the will of God. 3. The Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC) on Sunday said no tariff increase was approved by the commission. Mr Usman Arabi, General Manager, Public Affairs (NERC) in a statement issued on Sunday said the review implemented by the commission was a retrospective adjustment of the tariff regime released in 2015. 4. The All Progressives Congress, APC, has charged the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, to return Nigeria’s stolen resources and sincerely apologise for the havoc wrecked on the country during its 16-year rule. APC gave the charge in response to Atiku Abubakar’s counsel that his party should focus on rebuilding the party. APC said the former Vice President represents the wasted past which Nigerians have chosen to discard. This was in a statement APC spokesperson, Mallam Lanre Issa-Onilu signed on Sunday. 5. The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu has placed policemen on red alert over the growing tension between the United States and the government of Iran. DCP Frank Mba, Force Public Relations Officer, Force Headquarters in a statement on Sunday said this proactive measure followed Intelligence reports over the recent killing of the Iranian General, Qassem Soleimani. According to him, some domestic interests are planning to embark on massive public disturbances and sabotage. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed deep sadness over the gas explosion which led to the death of the Chairman, Nigeria Atomic Energy Commission, Prof. Simon Mallam, his son and three others at Sabon Tasha area of Kaduna on Saturday. Reacting to the incident in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Sunday, President Buhari said he is deeply touched by the unfortunate incident that claimed the lives of Professor Simon Mallam, his son and others. 7. The Chairman, Committee on the Review of Kwara State Government Properties from 1999 to 2019, Senator Suleiman Ajadi, while reacting to the controversy generated by the reclamation of the land bordering the civil service clinic said the Kwara State Government had only recovered a property that originally belonged to it but was unlawfully diverted for private use. Ajadi told journalists in Ilorin on Sunday that the Asa Investment Company owned by the late Dr Olusola Saraki never applied to the state government for allocation of the land. 8. US President Donald Trump has threatened sanctions against Iraq. This is, as a result, Iraq’s parliament call for immediate evacuation of US troops from the country. Tensions have been on the rise in the Middle East since Friday morning when US airstrike hit Iraq’s capital of Baghdad, killing Iranian army General, Qassem Soleimani and other top military officers. Speaking on Air Force One on Sunday, the American leader said that if Iraq asked US forces to leave and it was not done on a friendly basis, he will charge them sanctions like they’ve never seen before. 9. Members of Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN), Bauchi zone have raised the alarm over alleged plan by the Nigerian government to kill their leader, Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky in detention. The National President, Association of Shi’ite Singers also called ‘Ittihadus Shu’ara Harakatil Islamiyya’, Malam Mustafa Gadonkaya, a disciple of the Sheikh, made the allegation at the weekend during the lunching of 100 songs in solidarity with the detained sheikh composed by the association in Bauchi. 10. The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), says over 650 Computer Based Test (CBT), centres have so far been accredited for its upcoming 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME). The board has fixed this year’s examination for March 14 to April 4, while an optional mock examination for candidates is scheduled for Feb. 18. Similarly, the board had said that it would commence the sales of its registration documents from Monday, Jan. 13, to Monday, Feb. 17. The Head, Media and Information of the board, Dr Fabian Benjamin made this public on Sunday.