Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti State on Thursday, said that the Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN) otherwise know as “Amotekun” was set up not to undermine the power of the Federal Government of Nigeria. Fayemi made this disclosure in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital during the official launching of the of new security outfit which is an initiative of all the six Governors in the South West region. At the launch were Governors Rotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, Seyi Makinde of Oyo State. Others were Deputy Governor of Ogun, Noimat Salako-Oyedele, Deputy Governor of Osun, Benedict Gboyega Alabi, Yoruba World Congress Leader, Professor Banji Akintoye and Otunba Deji Osinbogun. Last year, six governors from the zone; Rotimi Akeredolu (Ondo) Seyi Makinde (Oyo), Gboyega Oyetola (Osun), Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos) and Kayode Fayemi (Ekiti) and Dapo Abiodun (Ogun) agreed to establish Amotekun, aimed at strengthened the security situation in the six states of the region. Fayemi, who doubles as Chairman, Nigerian governors Forum (NGF) while speaking at the event said that the establishment of “Amotekun” was born out of the spark of increased armed robbery, banditry and kidnappings across southwest region. He added that the primary responsibility of all the governors according to section 14 (2) of the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended is the welfare of its citizenry. Fayemi maintained that Amotekun is not a duplication of the Nigerian Police Force, and is not as if we southwest governors are creating regional police force, nor undermining the power of the Federal Government of Nigeria. “People should not misinterpreted Amotekun. “We are not here to undermined the power of the Federal Government of Nigeria, but our primary interest is the security and safety of our people. “That is why we decided to come together to curb the security menace in this region. “Amotekun is a source of community policing strategy, it is a confident building strategy for our people in the western zone. Makinde in his welcome address, noted that this is the time for the Yoruba’s to tackled all the frightening. “We governors has not forget our oath in providing peace and security and coming together to fish out our common enemy, all of us meet six months ago and decided to set up a joint security outfit because it is our priority as a governor to ensure that the citizens carried out their legitimate business and the security of their life’s and properties us our priority. He, however, said that Oyo State has added another feather to its cap, noting that it will be recorded in the history that the state hosted a regional security outfit where its headquarters is located in Ibadan. Akeredolu, who is also the chairman of the southwest governors forum pointed out that hardly any state in southwest is immune from security challenges, adding that the rate of terrorism in the region has been giving the governors a lot of concern. “We decided that something must be done in order to curb the menace and we think that combine efforts is the only solution to it, we shall not relent until our people are secured.”