An early Tuesday morning fire outbreak that occurred in the popular Sabo market in the Sagamu Local Government Area of Ogun State has destroyed over 100 shops. The fire reportedly destroyed goods and valuables worth several millions of naira. The inferno, DAILY POST learnt, started around 1 am on Tuesday from cloth sellers section and reportedly spread to other sections of the market. The cause of the fire was said to be power upsurge when power was restored by the Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC). The Governor of the state, Dapo Abiodun and the Akarigbo of Remoland, Oba Adewale Ajayi have paid a visit to the scene of fire outbreak. One of the shop owners, who is the Chairman of Table Water and Beverages Producers Association of Nigeria in Remo, Adetola Soyemi, said over 100 shops were consumed. Soyemi confirmed, “there is a fire outbreak and there are over 100 shops affected.” On the cause of the incident, he said, the fire began shortly after the IBEDC restored light in the area around 1:am on Tuesday. “It was the light they restored that created a spark-up around 1:am and if not for the men of the fire service, it would have spread to all the sections of the market,” he explained. On the affected areas in the market, Soyemi said “cloth sellers, yam flour sellers, grains sellers, herbs sellers, kola nut sellers, padlocks shops and building materials shops sections were seriously affected.” Meanwhile, the Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun has commiserated with victims of the fire incident. The Governor, it was learnt, was called in the middle of the night over the fire incident. According to him, he immediately put a call through to the Emergency Unit to quickly respond to the fire, thinking the fire had yet to spread. Governor Abiodun, early Tuesday morning, was at the scene of the fire for an on-the-spot assessment, to get first-hand details of the situation. Speaking, Abiodun promised the victims speedy intervention from his government, adding that he would be liaising with the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) and market leaders to provide some reliefs that would cushion their losses. He appreciated the Paramount Ruler of Remo, Oba Babatunde Ajayi, for his quick intervention and visit to the scene on Tuesday morning. The Governor also thanked fire emergency responders from Abeokuta, Ijebu-Ode and Babcock University for their swift responses.