The Niger-Delta wing of Conference of the All Progressives Congress Publicity Secretaries(ND-CAPS), has lauded the Judiciary for the affirmation of Senator Hope Uzodinma as the duly elected Governor of Imo state. DAILY POST recalls that the Supreme Court had on Tuesday, declared Uzodinma, the candidate of the APC in the 2019 governorship election as Imo Governor. A seven-man panel of the apex court led by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, Tanko Muhammad, unanimously declared Hope Uzodinma the winner of the March 9, 2019, governorship election and the validly elected governor of the state.
In the judgment read by Justice Kudirat Kekere-Ekun, the judges unanimously agreed that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) was wrong to have excluded some votes from the scores of Uzodinma. The court also instructed that Sen. Hope Uzodinma be sworn in immediately without delay, thereby sacking the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Hon. Emeka Ihedioha as Governor. While declaring Uzodinma winner, Justice Kekere-Ekun, also said that the court agreed that results in 388 polling units totalling over 213, 295 votes were unlawful excluded during the collation of the final election result in Imo state. The judge said with the result, the APC governorship candidate polled majority of lawful votes and ought to have been declared winner by INEC. On Wednesday, the Chief Judge of Imo, Justice Pascal Nnadi, sworn in Senator Hope Uzodinma and Professor Placid Njoku as governor and Deputy governor of Imo State respectively. The swearing-in ceremony was held at the Imo State Government House, hours after Senator Uzodinma received his certificate of return from INEC in Abuja Comrade Benedict Godson(Coordinator) and Comrade Alex Kalejaye(Secretary) in a statement made available to newsmen, congratulated Senator Hope Uzodinma on the validation of his mandate by the highest judicial gamut in Nigeria. According to the statement which read, “To us, this is a well deserved victory, considering the subterfuge and unusual deprivation during the results coalition. “The group also rejoices with the national chairman of APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, and all other leaders of the APC on the hard-earned judicial victory. “We consider it imperative to acknowledge the painstaking efforts of the exceptional Justices of the Supreme Court to ensure that every hidden fact was exhumed, saying: “The efforts of the judiciary is indescribable. “ND-CAPS urges the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to be more meticulous in future elections, and work assiduously to erase any ambiguity, especially in its newly included operations, from the electoral laws”.