Local Government Chairmen sacked last year by Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo state have warned residents of the state not to fall victim to what they say is illegal sale of council property by the recently appointed Caretaker Chairmen appointed by the Governor The warning is contained in a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan by the Chairman of the dissolved ALGON, Prince Ayodeji Abass-Aleshinloye. Abass-Aleshinloye in the statement advised unsuspecting members of the public not to fall victim of any unauthorized panicky sale of council property across the state as being allegedly done by the caretaker committees. The dissolved ALGON Chairman described the alleged sale of council property as a desperate act of looting of council property including vehicles, graders, machines and other equipment and landed property of the council. He cautioned prospective buyers to beware so as not to be swindled. “We hereby issue a Caveat on the panicky auction of Local Government Property by some of the Illegal Caretaker Committees. This is to advise the unsuspecting members of the public not to fall victim of any unauthorized panicky sale of council property across the state as being done by the illegal caretaker committees since they were unleashed on the local government. “This is a desperate act of looting of Council property including vehicles, graders, machines, and other equipment and landed property of the council. Please be cautious and don’t be swindled. Buyers Beware! “Democracy grows and thrives on the observance of the Rule of Law and popular participation for Peace, Justice and Development to be entrenched in our society. ALGON wishes to allay the fears or any unnecessary anxiety of NULGE, Oyo State, all local government workers and the good people of Oyo State as the democratically elected chairmen and councilors of local government and council areas return peacefully to their duty posts to perform our constitutional duties to the grassroots in obedience to the electoral mandate of the people of Oyo state. “This is legitimate after the Attorney General of the Federation, Mr Abubakar Malami, has again called the attention of Oyo State Government and the Inspector General of Police to the subsisting Supreme Court judgment reinforcing Section 7 (1) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended) and pronounced as illegal and unconstitutional the dissolution of elected local council administration by state governors or state assemblies in Nigeria with no court order to back it up. “Indeed, there could not have been any court order in view of the extant locus cladsicus decision of the Supreme Court in GOV, EKITI STATE V OLUBUNMO which settled the issues with finality. The Supreme Court is a court of with national jurisdiction, which also reinforced the Oyo State High Court’s earlier issued perpetual injunction against the Oyo state government forbidding dissolution of elected local government administration. As a peace loving organisation of responsible people and local government administrators, ALGON has taken the path of law to reclaim our mandate freely given by our people at the grassroots before achieving the well deserved victory after long drawn legal and political battles to defend democracy and the rule of law. “We also wish to reassure all our people in the pace setter state that there is no cause for alarm as the police command as directed by the Inspector General of Police and all other security agencies have assured us all of safety of life and property and are fully on ground to forestall any threat to peace by few disgruntled elements who may want to return our dear state to a theatre of violence of yore. Institutions and governments are not established to break the law, but to enforce the law as provided by our laws and court decisions. “We once again reiterate our willingness to work with the state government for the progress, peace and stability of our dear state. We assure His Excellency, Engr. Seyi Makinde, of our collaboration in providing good governance for the people of our dear state, and state that we have no personal or partisan grudge against him. Together, we shall make Oyo State greater for the benefit of all. “Once again, ALGON appreciates the invaluable support of all democracy loving people of the state and in Nigeria including discerning local government workers, leaders of thoughts, political leaders across party lines and the unbiased responsible media who stand firm for the defence of democracy, rule of law and grassroots development. This victory is for all. Thank you as we pledge for better service ahead”.