The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youths Council Worldwide at the weekend called on President Mohammad Buhari to ensure immediate revamping of Enugu coal mines, rebuild the numerous dilapidated railway stations and train coaches abandoned across the South-East zone. The group made this known in a statement signed by the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and the secretary General Mazi Okwu Nnabuike and forwarded to DAILY POST in Abakaliki, the capital of Ebonyi State. Ohanaeze youths also lamented the death trapped nature of Federal roads in the Southeast zone, calling for an urgent attention of the Federal government to avert the increasing loss of lives of innocent citizens of the zone. The group, also called on the south-east governors to unite and create a joint security team, that will ensure immediate prevention of the invasion of herdsmen into south East zone. The statement reads in part: “Igbos should quietly reflect Soberly on Igbo collective political decisions and antecedents in the past decades as it will be a guiding principle for the future economic and political rejuvenation. Indices on the ground show that 2020 will be tougher for Igbos in areas of security, economic policies, Social security/welfare and infrastructural facilities which are in ruins across the zone for decades now. “Igbos Should be their brother’s keeper in the face of any adversity and provocative threats in other to avoid being Sacrificial Lamb and major casualties in the hardship that awaits Nigerians in 2020. Hunger and Tough Year awaits All. “OYC lauds the South-East Governors Forum led by pragmatic leadership of Governor David Umahi for the synergy between APC led Federal Government and them which had yielded positively, increased dividends of democracy for the South East Zone. Igbos are satisfied with this cordial relationship with FG, and Urge them to sustain it in 2020 for the realisation of all ongoing Federal projects approved by the Federal Executive Council in 2019, especially the Akanu Ibiam Int’l Airport with full status of an Intl Airport with Night landing facilities must be Commission by April 2020. “Governors should fully implement her proactive security resolutions to tackle Insecurity challenges emanated from suspected Herdsmen’s nefarious activities, especially now farming season is nearer. President Muhammadu Buhari’s New Year speech focuses on Railways, Agriculture, Security and Fighting Corruption. This is highly recommendable. Igbos expect that the ongoing Railway Projects should be extended to the South East. There’s no visible hope for the South East in the Railway master plan, since most of the railway projects are being financed through Foreign loans, we demand that South-East should benefit from it. “We are asking, when will some railways stations be renovated like the facilities in Lokoja, Agbo(Delta), Kaduna, Abuja, Ibadan Oyo State, Lagos and other parts of the North? “We demand for an urgent attention to State of the dilapidated railway stations and train coaches abandoned across the South East. We demand for New Train coaches and demand for New railway lines connecting Onitsha-Owerri-Aba for traders’ benefits. We demand that President Buhari should Revamp the Enugu Coal Mine which was part of his 2015 Electoral Promise not fulfilled during Buhari’s first tenure. “Though, we laud Buhari on the 2nd Niger bridge, Enugu Airport, approval of Ebonyi Airport, and demand for the construction and completion of some Federal Road projects such as, Enugu-PH Express Road, Expansion Aba-Ikot Ekpene-Calabar Express Road, Rehabilitation of Umuahia/Ikot Ekpene-Calabar Express Road, Abaomege-Ugep Express road, Onitsha-Ideato-Okigwe Express Road, Owerri-Elele-Ph Road, Ohafia-Arochukwu-Calabar Exp Road, Onitsha-Enugu Express Road. Most of these roads are death traps, covered by Bushes,bridges collapsed, impasse and totally deteriorated. After most of the Road projects were Approved during the valedictory session of Federal Executive Council on 22nd May 2019. “OYC call on the South East Governors to establish a joint security Outfit that will Uniformly curb crimes and Insecurity challenges emanating from suspected herdsmen. We want the South-East Governors forum to replicate in the South East, the new security Outfit recently announced by Southwest Governors “Amotekun” which will commence work on January 9th 2020. “All over the world, security of lives and property remains the top priority of every Government. OYC is ready to assist the South-East Governors to draw up a master strategic plan, design to provide palliative measures and Prevent crime through partnerships with security agents. Governors should ensure that crime and insecurity challenges are reduced to minimal level. This will assist to increase dividends of democracy, foreign investments make Southeast safe for businesses to thrive, and exploit her potentials. Southeast will become the fastest growing economies in West Africa. This Security outfit will also create employment for Igbo youths,” the group stated.