The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Board of Trustee, BoT, Chairman, Senator Walid Jibrin, has alleged that there are plots to assassinate him over zoning of the 2023 presidency. Jibrin disclosed that some members of the party threatened his life for not saying that the PDP’s presidential ticket would be zoned to the North-east when he addressed the media last week. Addressing journalists in Kaduna yesterday, the PDP BoT Chairman disclosed that the aggrieved party members called him a traitor over the zoning of the party’s presidential ticket. He stated that some people said former presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar should have been declared the party’s preferred candidate, ahead of 2023. Jibrin said: “I have received calls from some people threatening my life over my coming out not to mention that the presidency of this country be zoned to the North-east. “They were saying that I am a traitor that I should have come out to say that it is only Atiku Abubakar because I said that Atiku was already overthrown by the Supreme Court. They said for that I should say Atiku is the man that I want. “I am a leader; I have to make a lot of consultations with the National Working Committee (NWC), our governors; then the NEC had to take a decision and they should not forget that the party has a constitution and a guideline, which says there must be primary for whoever wants to contest. “We have not even discussed about zoning. “About three people went to Wadata Plaza (the party’s secretariat in Abuja) and demanded to see Munir Yerima. ” When they were there, Yerima rang me saying where am I and I said I was in Kaduna, then he said some people wanted to talk to me and I said let me talk to them on phone. He said they were intermediaries between me and some party people. “They said I have gone astray and if I don’t recant, they would arrange bandits to deal with me wherever I go. “So, I told the man to go and do whatever he wants to do that I am equal to the task. Then I realise it is only a demonstration but they may be planning to assassinate me.” The PDP BoT Chairman also disclosed that he has petitioned the Department of State Services, DSS, and the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu over the threat to his life. “I have written to the Director-General of the DSS (Department of State Services) and the IG to ensure that the matter is seriously handled as people can’t stand on their own. “I am an elder statesman, in the party and in Northern Nigeria. I am a Fulani man, who have tried to stop the threats of militant Fulani in my local government in my state. “I am a very religious person, who cannot even kill a rat or even an ant, yet people are trying to harass me, to assassinate me. I want the police to give me protection and stop this harassment,” he said.