Master Antonio Talbot, 6-year-old son of the Bayelsa State Commissioner for Water Resources, Hon Nengi Talbot, who was abducted on December 22nd 2019, has been rescued by operatives of the state police command after spending the festive period in captivity. The young Anronio was rescued on Tuesday afternoon by a team from Operation Puff Adder led by DSP Chris Nwaogbo at the riverside town of Ikiebiri in Southern Ijaw Local Government Area of the state, DAILY POST learnt. Five of his alleged abductors were apprehended by the police with the ring leader of the kidnap gang known as Ebi who is on the run. DAILY POST had earlier reported that the commissioner’s son was abducted at about 8.30pm, three days to Christmas at Opolo commissioners quarter by the gunmen who also carted away a suit case containing their victim father’s document thinking it was stashed with cash. DAILY POST, gathered that the rescue operation ,which lasted three nights was aided by some youths of the community of Azuzuama and Ikiebiri. It was gathered that the kidnappers had claimed the father of the boy had engaged them during the last Governorship election in Nembe community but refused to pay them, which they earlier demanded for N50 million as ransom for the release of the boy. It was also gathered that no ransom was paid before police team of Operation Puff Adder arrested the food supplier of the gang which led to the rescue. The rescued boy was later presented to the state commissioner of Police, Mr. Uche Anozia, who in turn handed over the boy to his elated parents at the Marine Police jetty in Yenagoa at about 5.30pm The father of the child, Hon. Nengi Talbot, thanked God for ensuring that no harm came his sons way during his incarceration at the kidnappers den. “It has been a nightmare experience for us since his abduction on December 22, 2019. I want to thank God, the state police command and all those who made the rescue of my son possible. “Most kidnapped victims are often killed but I thank God my son was rescued unhurt,” he said. Presenting the child to the parents, Mr. Anozia said :”the rescue of the child was as a result of the effort put in place by the police command. We have been chasing the kidnappers from creek to creek. You know Bayelsa is about 80 per cent water. “Today we went to Ikiebiri where the child was kept and being fed by a man. Fortunately we succeeded in rescuing the child and also arrested his abductors.” Narrating his ordeal, little Antonio said he was fed with noddles and tea during the day and soup and fish at night.