The Oyo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday urged the security agencies in the state to without wasting more time, unravel the identities of killer-gang members, whom the party alleged are hell-bent on silencing opposition elements in the state. The party made this appeal via a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Dr. Abdulazeez Olatunde, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan, the state capital. Olatunde was reacting to the murder of APC chieftain, Alhaji Babatunde Oreitan who was killed by some gunmen suspected to be assassins Wednesday afternoon. DAILY POST reports that Oreitan, who is one of the leaders of the party in Ona Ara local government, was said to have been killed by the gunmen Wednesday afternoon. Sources said the APC chieftain was murdered in his house located at Oremeji Agugu area of Ibadan. The 77-year-old APC chieftain was murdered after Dhur prayer in a mosque located in his house. Olatunde in his reaction said is it bad enough that, “it is not yet one year that APC left government that all these daylight assassination of opposition elements are taking place”. He then appealed to security agencies in the state to unravel the identities of the killers of the party stalwart. “APC is urging the security outfit in Oyo State to kindly unravel the identity of the heartless Killers gang, who are hell bent to silence the opposition elements in Oyo State. “What the public will perceive as trivial was the achievement of 8 years of great success in the provision of SECURITY OF LIFE AND PROPERTIES which was the Number one of all the achievements of the Government of Abiola Ajimobi, as the Governor of Oyo State, between 2011 to 2019. “That the Government of Seyi Makinde and his Party, PDP has been targeting the leaders of the leading opposition party, APC for some few months of coming to power was carried out today by 3pm, Wednesday 22nd of January 2020, with the heartless manner Alhaji Arasi Babatunde Oreitan was brutally assassinated. “That Oyo State Commissioner of Police, Sina Olukolu and his Police Squad from the Police headquarters, Eleyele, IBADAN, was at the house of the slain old man is bad enough to witness the gory scene of how the old man was brutally slaughtered in his house, just after observing his 2pm Islamic Prayer today is nothing but dastardly act. “What could be the offence of a 77 years old amiable politician, whom those close to him will attest to the fact that he can’t even hurt a fly. It is on record that Nigeria is running Three tiers of Government, i.e Federal, State and Local Governments. “While the APC Federal Government is not irresponsible to refuse working relationships with PDP Government in Oyo State, we are however dismayed that PDP State Government is desperately determined to refuse Elected Local Government Chairmen, turning itself to the Judiciary by interpreting Valid and Invalid Elections, all in a bid to deny them from serving their mandate, freely given to them on May 12th 2018, serving only one of their 3 years mandate. “A mandate which was truncated on May 29th 2019 by the Executive order recklessness of Engineer Seyi Makinde and has been refusing to follow the line of statements despite reasonable advice from official quarters. It is bad enough that, it is not yet one year that APC left Government that all these daylight assassination of opposition elements are taking place”.