The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has directed the Commissioner of Police in Oyo state, Mr. Shina Olukolu, to take actions to implement the legal opinion of the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) on the sacked local government chairmen in the state. The IG in a letter obtained by DAILY POST on Saturday and addressed to Prince Ayodeji Abass-Aleshiloye, Chairman of the dissolved Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), urged the sacked ALGON Chairman to liaise with the CP to facilitate smooth take over of the Local Government Areas in the state. The IG letter was signed by the Principal Staff Officer to the Inspector General of Police, DCP Idowu Owohunwa. The letter entitled “Re: Federal Government Order to Governor Seyi Makinde to Reverse Sack of Local Government/ Local Council Development Areas Chairmen in Oyo State- Result for Police Protection” is dated 23rd January 2020. The letter reads, “Your letter dated 21st, January, 2020 on the above-underlined subject, refers, “I am to inform you that the Inspector-General of Police has directed the Commissioner of Police, Oyo State to initiate appropriate actions in line with the legal opinion of the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice on the matter. “You may accordingly, liaise with him to facilitate. Accept the assurances of the esteemed regards of the Inspector General of Police, please”. DAILY POST recalls that the Attorney General of Federation, Abubakar Malami had last week advised the Oyo state government to reinstate democratically elected council chairmen that were sacked and dissolved last year by the State Governor, Mr. Seyi Makinde. The state chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party has replied the AGF that he has no business in the state. Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi when contacted said that he can’t speak on the letter. Fadeyi in a telephone conversation with DAILY POST added that he awaits further directive from the CP. “I can’t speak about the letter now until the commissioner say something about it. I can’t speak now. So I await further directive”. 