A case of Lassa Fever has been confirmed at the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital with a record of one dead and three others in critical condition according to the hospital on Friday. The Commissioner for Health in Borno State, Dr Salihu Kwayabura, who confirmed the development during a press conference at the State Emergency Response Centre in Maiduguri said, ” On 18th January 2020, we received a sad news of a 24-year-old patient at the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital (UMTH) with a suspected case of Lasser fever. His sample was collected and sent for confirmation but unfortunately, he died and when the result came out, it was confirmed positive of the Lasser Fever virus “. ”The victim’s history was traced, and it was confirmed that he had contact with people in Hawul Local Governments Area when he visited and Bolori area of the metropolis. We are tracing both contacts with a view to not only document them but to also contain the spread of the disease.”, he said. Dr. Kwayabura also said, ” Three other people were hospitalized of having highly suspicious indices of the virus. One of the cases was traced to have had contact with the case in Kano. ” The Borno state government through the ministry of health has put in place all necessary measures to contain the spread of the virus. I, therefore, call on the general public to report any case to the designated centres, and ambulances have been provided and our emergency number of 080099999999 active in case of emergency and suspected symptoms, the call is free”. He also called on the general public to be wary of rat and rodents, as the virus is transmitted through rats fluid and faeces and also human to human transmission and also call on the general public to report any symptoms of bleeding nose ear and mouth, as well as fever. ” I also want to use this medium to call on the general public to observe safety measures when having contacts with friends or relation who present such symptoms as well as health workers,” he said.