Suspected armed bandits, on Thursday, allegedly killed fourteen people in an attack in Babban Rafi village, Gwalli District of Gummi local government area of Zamfara State. A source from Barikin Daji village, who sought for anonymity, told DAILY POST that the bandits went to the village on motorbikes numbering over 40 in the morning around 9 a.m. The source explained, “When the bandits took over the village, they ordered the residents to remain indoors.” He said the bandits started going from house to house collecting mobile phones, money and other valuables. “They told the residents that they were going to Babban Raji village on jihad mission. “Unknown to them (bandits) one of the residents escaped and went to inform other people of Babban Rafi village that armed men were coming to attack the community. The timely information helped many residents of the community to escape by fleeing the community before the arrival of the armed men. “They killed at least 13 people there and made away with herds of cattle and other domestic animals. They told the residents that they had come for Jihad and that any resistance would be very calamitous on the entire community,” he said. The State PPRO, SP Muhammad Shehu, who confirmed the incident, said a large number of armed bandits suspected to have come from neighbouring Kebbi state stormed the village firing at residents. He explained, “Combined teams of PMF/CTU/FSARS attached to “Operation Hadarin Daji” were mobilized to the area with a view to trailing the perpetrators for arrest and to also avoid further attack on neighbouring villages.” He added that discreet investigation would be conducted to unravel the circumstances surrounding this dastardly act. Zamfara state government had struck a peace deal with local militia groups Yansakai, armed bandits and other warring groups in June last year, a development that led to the return of peace and stability in the state and its environs. The PPRO said despite the return of peace, the command in collaboration with other security agencies were aware of some recalcitrant bandits who refused to tow the line of peace, stressing that such recalcitrant bandits were being dealt with. The state commissioner of police, Mr Usman Nagogo, consoled the families of the deceased and assured that the command would arrest the perpetrators of the bizarre crime so as to face the full wrath of the law.