Popular Akure-based Pastor, Prophet Samuel Afolabi, popularly known as ‘Olopa to di Woli’ (Police turned Prophet) of the Christ Apostolic Church, CAC, New Jerusalem), Akure, the Ondo State capital, has dismissed the news making the rounds that he was arrested over fake miracles. While describing the rumour as untrue and wicked, the Prophet said that he was never arrested or detained by the police. Recently, there were rumours of the purported arrest of Prophet Afolabi following an alleged petition over ongoing fake and organized miracles in his church. Speaking with newsmen in Akure, the Ondo state capital, Prophet Afolabi, said he had never been invited by the police for any offence, noting that contrary to the rumour, he had never been engaged in fake miracles. However, he maintained that he was being impersonated by a scammer who had been using his name to swindle unsuspecting members of the public, stressing that the culprit was the one arrested and remanded by the police in Okitipupa local government area of the state. Corroborating the claims of the Prophet, the Ondo State Police Command explained that the fake news that it arrested a Popular Akure-based Pastor, Prophet Samuel Afolabi was untrue and should be disregarded by the public. According to the spokesperson of the Police when contacted, CSP Femi Joseph stated that Prophet Samuel Afolabi does not have any case whatsoever with the command. The PPRO disclosed that a 35-year-old man identified as Ayetare Sunday, who is a native of Itepe in Okitipupa Local Government Area of the state was apprehended for impersonating Prophet Afolabi, noting that Ayetare had been charged to court and remanded in prison for allegedly engaging in fake miracle, attempted rape and sexual harassment. “The Ondo State Police Command wishes to debunk the claims in Some Sections of the Social media that a Popular Pastor and Prophet, Samuel Afolabi (aka Olopa to di Woli) was arrested and detained by the Police for a particular Offence. “The Command hereby makes it categorically clear that the above-named Minister of God was never arrested for any offence as being peddled, hence the report was a blantant lie from the pit of hell, as the man never Committed any offence known to law,” he said. The PPRO added that, “however, to set the record straight, a particular man by name Ayetare Sunday, 35 years, a native of Itepe Okitipupa, who went for a Crusade at a white garment Church in igbokoda, was arrested on 27/ 12 /2019, for Offences of attempted Rape and Sexual harassment. “On interrogation, the man Confessed to be a fake Prophet who had been deceiving people by organising fake miracles. “He (Ayetare) stated further that he deceived his latest victim who was looking unto God for a child by telling her that he could make her pregnant. He added that in the process, he sexually harassed the woman and attempted to rape her. “He (Ayetare) Concluded that he decided to adopt the same Cognomen (Olopa to di Woli) with Prophet Samuel, in order to hoodwink people so as to get enough followers. “It was however established that the suspect was never a policeman but an impostor and serial fraudster. He has since been charged to court and currently remanded in Okitipupa Correctional Service Center (Prison). “These Clarifications became necessary so as to disabuse the minds of members of the Public who might have been deceived that the real and popular Akure-based (Olopa to di Woli) was the one being referred to in the fake report. “Once again Prophet Samuel Afolabi (aka Olopa to di Woli) did not have any case whatsoever with the Ondo State Police command,” said Joseph.