The State Executive Committee (SEC) of the National Union of Local Government Employees (NULGE), in Oyo State, on Saturday, directed its members in the 33 Local Government councils and 35 Local Council Development Areas (LCDA) to stay away from offices as from Monday, January 27, until the issue of Local Government chairmanship tussle is resolved in the state. DAILY POST gathered that the resolution was reached after an emergency meeting of the State Executive Council (SEC) and State Administrative Council (SAC) held at its secretariat. It was gathered that the order followed a statement credited to the sacked chairman of ALGON in Oyo State, Abass Aleshinloye, directing its members to resume work as duly elected chairmen of councils. The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mr. Abubakar Malami had directed the sacked Chairmen to resume office. The state chapter of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has, however, urged the chairmen who were appointed by Governor Seyi Makinde to ignore the AGF directive. The Inspector General of Police, Mr. Mohammed Abubakar in a letter obtained by DAILY POST also urged the Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr. Shina Olukolu to ensure that the sacked ALGON members return to their offices. This has led to fear among the local government workers who were in worry mood over who is the authentic Chairmen between the Chairmen elected during the All Progressives Congress (APC) administration of Mr. Abiola Ajimobi and the new Governor Mr. Seyi Makinde of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). NULGE President in Oyo State, Comrade Bayo Titilola-Sodo, said the decision was in the interest and safety of their members. He said: “We reviewed the situation on the ground as it unfolded so far and the probable outcomes in the various grandstanding from the various quarters. We believed that it is in the best interest of our members to stay away from work before they turn our offices to a battleground. “The situation as it concerns us is that we are also getting the news from the media and social media where sometimes letters are published and we don’t know their authenticity. But we have reasons to be apprehensive of security of our members should they go to work and have these people taking on one another. “In fact, we have had a few cases some months ago when one party decided to go to the office relying on one authority or the other while another party was still occupying the same office. And this caused altercation as some of our people were beaten. “So, today, we held a meeting in order to safeguard the lives and security of our people and tell them to stay away from all the offices until the weather is clearer, and we know exactly who we are working with.” This according to him will give them the opportunity to see the parties involved resolve the matter between themselves, saying only that could make their members return to work. “Until our security is guaranteed in our places of work, no member of NULGE in Oyo State will be at their place of work by Monday morning until further notice. This will be until the unclear situation is cleared, until our security and safety are guaranteed in our place of work,” he said.