The Oyo State Police Command has warned social miscreants and criminal minded individuals and groups to stay clear from the premises of the 33 Local Government Areas and the 35 Local Council Development Areas (LCDAs) in the state. The Police said they will not allow any act that will truncate the existing peace in the state. Public Relations Officer of the State Police Command, Olugbenga Fadeyi in a statement issued on behalf of the state Commissioner of Police, Mr. Shina Olukolu, added that the Police will continue to perform its constitutional responsibilities to protect lives and properties, maintain law and order, arrest, investigate and prosecute offenders. Fadeyi was reacting to the resumption of the sacked chairmen who were asked to leave their offices by Governor Seyi Makinde of the state. He said, “The Commissioner of Police Oyo State Command, Shina Olukolu wishes to remind for the umpteenth time all the people and Stakeholders in the Local Government administration in Oyo State that it is the constitutional responsibilities of the Nigeria Police Force to amongst other duties, protect lives and properties, maintain law and order, arrest, investigate and prosecute offenders and the due enforcement of all laws and extant enactments etc in accordance with the 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended and the Police Acts and Regulations. “Consequently, the role of the Police in the current issues surrounding the administration of Local Governments in Oyo State should not be seen as a face-off but as part of the professional Police efforts geared towards the performance of its constitutional responsibilities. “The Commissioner of Police therefore wishes to appeal to all the Stakeholders, leaders and the entire peace loving good citizens of Oyo State involved in the administration of Local Government in Oyo State to be circumspect in their respective efforts at managing their respective demands on the daily administration of these Local Governments and LCDAs and prevent a descent to unpalatable/unintended consequences. “As the Police continue to strive to provide adequate security at the respective Local Government offices; nonetheless, the Stakeholders are enjoined to refrain from any act(s) or cause of action that may lead to breakdown of law and order, lawlessness, and subsequent avoidable shedding of blood, injuries or damage to properties. “It is our hope that the issues at stake/unintended lock jam will eventually be addressed to the satisfaction of all the groups concerned and in the best interest of the entire people of Oyo State who have no other State that they can call their own. “In conclusion, social miscreants/ criminal minded individuals/groups are hereby warned to stay clear from the premises of the Local Governments and LCDAs as the Police will not allow any such developments. “The law abiding members of the Public are however assured of their safety and advised to go about their lawful businesses in an atmosphere of peace and tranquility devoid of any molestation, intimidation or threat whatsoever. In the same breath, they are urged to continue to partner with the Police to enable us collectively deal with the criminal elements in our midst”.