 Sure-fire Solution to The Problem of Mouth Odor If you’ve been searching for a solution that is guaranteed to deal and remedy the problem of halitosis mainly known as bad breath or mouth odor, then you’re at the right place for the right solution. Bad breath is a common problem that can cause significant psychological distress. It is a condition that can affect anyone, it is estimated that 1 in 4 people have bad breath on regular basis. But the good news is this, there’s now a solution that works perfectly for dealing with the problem of bad breath. This solution deals with the root cause, cleanse the colon and body system and restore back fresh breath within a very short time. Ready to know about it? Unveiling: The Breath Cleanser Tea  This is the Breath Cleanser Tea is and it has helped a lot of people like me and you to achieve the target result of ending the nightmares that bad breath brings along.  This tea is made using 100% Chinese herbal ingredient’s like dandelion herb, mint leaf, mulberry leaves, foliage leaves, sea lotus leaf, gardenia, honeysuckle and light bamboo leaves. The Breath Cleanser tea cleanses your colons & gastro-intestinal tract, as well as serve as a protector and cleanser for the digestive system. Most times the cause of bad breath comes from the way your digestive system works and the Breath Cleanser Tea serves as a cleanser to clean and protect your colon, gastro intestinal tracts and detoxify your body of any element it doesn’t need to enable the body produce a fresh breath. With this tea, you will be able to deal with the root cause of the bad breath problem and finally put an end to it permanently. Let me also state clearly state that the Breath Cleanser Tea has no chemical contents and it’s 100% safe with no side effect.  The Breath Cleanser Tea is not one of those products you must keep buying every-time before you see improvement. With the Breath Cleanser Tea, you use 2 – 4 packs only to achieve a good & permanent result. Each pack of the Breath Cleanser Tea contains 30 tea bags (sachets) which should be taken 2 sachet’s per day. One sachet in the morning and one in the evening. The quantity a person will use differs on per person basis. For minor cases, using 2 packs of the tea will do just fine but for severe cases, you will need to treat it a bit longer by using 4 packs. Let me put it this way, if your bad breath problem has lasted less than a year, you can use 2 packs but if it’s been more than a year, then 4 packs of the tea is what you need to achieve your desired result.  If you order for 2 packs, it will last for 30 days treatment at the rate of 2 sachets per day while 4 packs will last for 60 days treatment at the same rate of 2 sachet per day. Reviews of The Breath Cleanser Tea  After using the breath cleanser tea, don’t forget to send us your testimony as well. Now, are you ready to lay your hand on this amazing solution and restore back your fresh breath?  Cleansing Plans & Prices for The Breath Cleanser Tea Taking into consideration the recommended cleansing dosage, we’ve made available 1-month cleansing plan and 2 months cleansing plan. Like I explained earlier, the recommended dosage is 2 – 4 packs which covers a month 1 & 2-months cleansing plans.  1 Month Cleansing Plan
                                                          2 packs = 60 sachets    Normal Price: N25,000 Discount Price: N19,500       Normal Price: N40,000 Discount Price: N32,500   How To Get The Breath Cleanser Tea To get the breath cleansing tea, all you have to do is to place your order for it and we’ll deliver to you within 2 – 5 working days depending on your location.  We deliver to customers within Lagos within 2 working days and deliver to customers outside Lagos within 3 – 5 working days, and not just that, also, you are not required to pay before seeing the breath cleanser tea. This means you can order; we’ll ship it to you, and you pay when our delivery agents come to deliver it to you.  Order & Pay
Cash on Delivery  However, before you proceed to order, make sure you truly need the breath cleanser tea and you’re ready and available to receive and pay for it within 1 – 2 days if you reside within Lagos & 3 – 5 days if you reside outside Lagos state.  So, are you ready to lay your hands on this goldmine? if yes, place your order below.  Follow the Instructions Below to Order  Remember the cleansing plans and prices below.  1-month plan (2 packs of the breath cleansing tea) = N19,500 2 months plan (4 packs of the breath cleansing tea) = N32,500  To order, simply send a text message or WhatsApp message to 09069484998 and the body of the message should contain the following information.   Send the information’s above to 09069484998 via text message or through WhatsApp.  Once we receive, you’ll be contacted through the phone number you provided for order verification and delivery arrangements.  If you have any question about the breath cleanser tea, call 09069484998.   This Product Is Distributed in Nigeria, South Africa, Ghana & Kenya By Primegetic Wellness Services 3-9, Olu Koleosho Street, Off Medical Road, Ikeja, Lagos, Nigeria 09069484998