The Ministry of Justice has setup a New Special Investigation and Prosecution Task Force on Electricity Offenses in Kano to tackle Energy thefts, Vandalism and other electricity related offenses. The Managing Director, Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO), Dr Jamil Isyaku Gwamna urged magistrates and high court judges to save innocent lives and the country’s economy through the newly created Special Investigation and Prosecution Task force on Electricity Offenses (SIPTEO). Dr. Gwamna made the call at the ongoing two-day workshop organised for judges to brainstorm and address issues of electricity theft and related offenses, particularly in KEDCO franchise areas of Kano, Jigawa and Katsina states. The KEDCO Chief Technical Officer, Engr. David Onoloye, who represented the MD/CEO noted that several lives that are being lost to acts of vandalism could be saved by SIPTEO and judges when offenders get stiffer punishments commensurate with their crimes to serve as deterrent to others. According to the MD, the millions of naira that is lost to various electricity frauds such as power theft, vandalism, meter bypass, and the likes could be used to revive the country’s economy. He added that, “a profitable power sector will restore the economic fortunes of Nigeria.” Gwamna, regretted that perpetrators of various electricity offenses had either been left to go scot-free or handed weak sentences which are not in sync with their offenses. ” We have lost a lot of investments in the power sector especially to vandalism, theft and other sabotaging activities of some persons who do not really care about the overall effect on the country as a whole. ” This is really painful how a few people can through their nefarious acts hold the country to ransom in the power sector and this is something to address as we look to strengthen the capacity of the sector to live up to expectations in our quest to trigger massive development. “This kind of meeting is key and must be leveraged to give the real deal and protect our investment for the sake of our economy. Since power is key to national growth, we have to support that effort to protect our investment in the power sector.” The Kano DisCo boss also called on customers to partner with KEDCO in ensuring the protection of its installations and equipment as well as to ensure regular payments of bills.