I hold no brief for Governor Okezie Ikpeazu and other PDP Governors in Nigeria but I know when mischief is on rampage, especially when it comes from a man who is confused and a political bat. As at today, Timi Frank who is from Bayelsa is not a card carrying member of any political party known to me but he is always available for dirty jobs in Nigeria or Dubai, as long as those who fund his idiocy are willing to pay. In the above titled piece he published via Scannnews, Timi Frank, the Atiku boy and former Deputy National Publicity Secretary, APC, made the following statement: “To show you how incompetent some of the PDP governors are, the Abia State PDP Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, flew to London with Buhari and some APC members in the presidential jet, barely 3 days after a PDP governor colleague of his from the same South-east was robbed through the Supreme Court and his seat given to APC. He was seen smiling and grinning from ear to ear like a child that just tasted chocolate for the first time in his life. “Instead of telling APC the truth, Ikpeazu is fraternizing with them the same day the PDP was having its NEC meeting, He abandoned the meeting and flew with Buhari to London, as that is more important to him than attending PDP meeting, the party that gave him a platform to become governor.” First, the trip to London with President Buhari must have been arranged long before the Tuesday Supreme Court ruling on Imo governorship that many considered a judicial heist. Timi Frank should naturally have known that presidential foreign trips are arranged ahead of time given his former position as APC Deputy Publicity Secretary. Unless he only marked time in that position. Indeed, among the early commentators on social media that condemned the perceived Imo injustice were people known to work for Governor Ikpeazu including his ever vocal Commissioner for Information, John Okiyi Kalu, among many others. In one particular social media post, another media aide of Ikpeazu was accused of crying more than the bereaved and told to back off and allow Imo people deal with their issues. That was long before the party called PDP issued any statement on the obtuse Supreme Court ruling. A fugitive in Dubai, Timi Frank, might not understand that or even read that to be a clear signpost on the feeling of the Governor and indeed the PDP family in neighboring Abia State. He should be forgiven because his political interventions bespeak of ”political boy boyism” as he religiously follows his pay master from PDP to APC and back to PDP as the master pleases. A man whose mind is not entirely his should be forgiven if he exhibits an act or says a thing not in tandem with one whose senses are completely under his control. As someone from Bayelsa, it would have been great to read what Timi has to say about the loss of PDP in Bayelsa State with the active connivance of members otherwise held in very high esteem by Nigerians. Yes, PDP also lost the Presidency under the watch of Timi’s Bayelsa brother with the active connivance of Timi who linked up with his political owner then and was rewarded with the position of Deputy Publicity Secretary of APC. The same Timi Frank’s owner later joined PDP and threw away a golden opportunity to defeat Buhari by engaging incoherent morons like Timi Frank to canvass publicity for a national election. For the avoidance of doubt, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu joined the President to London to attend Africa-UK Economic Summit with the major investment presentation from Nigeria being Enyimba Economic City located in Abia and which is the brain child of Governor Ikpeazu. Those who have read or watched Governor Ikpeazu in the past two years will attest to the fact that at every media opportunity, he canvasses support for his pet trans-generational Economic agenda which is arguably the only economic development Project in Nigeria today with bipartisan support from both PDP and APC members. Late in 2019, Governor Ikpeazu was in South Africa with a federal government delegation to canvass investment of more than two billion dollars for the project which turned out to be the major presentation of the Nigerian delegation that included 2 other Governors and a Minister. That outing which was well reported in national newspapers was adjudged successful and the opportunity to present to the western world through the UK-Africa summit must have pleased the Governor. Timi Frank has never achieved anything tangible outside being a political slave so he should be forgiven for not knowing that elections are over and so all leaders must work together to deliver development to the people, irrespective of party affiliations. How would he know that even under Jonathan, the President traveled with Governors of opposition parties in crucial foreign trips? For instance, in 2014 President Goodluck Jonathan traveled to London to meet international investors and among those on his entourage was Governor Kashim Shettima of Borno who was a member of APC. Maybe Timi Frank had nothing to say then because he was high on ‘ogogoro’ even as Deputy Publicity Secretary of APC then. Elections are over and PDP Governors have responsibility to deliver dividends of democracy to their people. If associating with the President will facilitate that, neither Timi Frank nor his sponsors are in any position to dictate otherwise to them. The same PDP Governors held the party together when Timi and his sponsor decided to join forces with Buhari in 2015 to dislodge the PDP Government of Timi’s kinsman, Goodluck Jonathan. Where was the ranting Timi when his political slave master was recently pictured laughing heartily with APC leader, Bola Tinubu, on two different locations? Timi Frank should not force us to go beyond this. Those sponsoring his futile smear campaign against Abia State government might not know what they are about to go into because we will not fold our arms and allow any prodigal son to attempt to denigrate us without they receiving an appropriate response from us. Forewarned is forearmed!