Kolokolo community, Ikpoba Okha, Local Government Area of Edo State have urgently called on President Muhammudu Buhari, Edo State Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki and Oba of Benin, Oba Ewuare II, to come to their rescue over the alleged threat of life and attack on them and their community by Chief Johnson Aseleghe. The Spokesperson for Kolokolo community, Comrade Sunny Etchie, who spoke to journalists in Benin city said, following a protest against Chief Johnson Aseleghe, the Iyasere of Warri Kingdom on 9th January, 2020 to the Oba of Benin palace over his subjecting Kolokolo and other communities around to himself and also to the Olu of Warri their lives and community have been under attack which saw property worth millions of Naira and their houses burnt down. Etchie alleged that several attacks on the community by suspected hoodlums orchestrated by persons believed to be loyal to chief Aseleghe. According to him, the community has reported the said Chief Johnson Aseleghe to the police and other constituted authority. He is building another kingdom withing the Benin kingdom, our loyalty without reserve is totally to the Oba of Benin. He explained that trouble started when Chief Johnson tried to stop road development from Kolokolo to Ikpako benefiting over 15 communities, cutting across Ikpoba Okha and Ovia North East Local Government respectively. “We call on the government to arrest and prosecute those involved in the attack and also compel their sponsors and Chief Mastermind of the attack to pay for everything lost connecting the attack of Kolokolo community. “It is on record that, we Kolokolo community is in Benin Kingdom of Edo state where our Allegiance is to the Oba of Benin and the Enogie of Ologbo whom is the Duke of Ologbo Dukedom in line with Nigeria’s Constitution applicable in Edo state.”, Etchie said. “He is using money to bride people up and down, imposed himself as the paramount ruler of that environment. As I speak, over 200 of us including children, no longer have any place to stay. Our children are been harassed and threatened. Reacting to the allegations, Chief Johnson Aseleghe told DAILY POST that the people who are protesting claiming to be from Kolokolo community are not from Kolokolo community. According to him, these people protesting do not have any trace in Kolokolo community. The person causing this problem is one Sunny Etchie who is leading them. “We mistakenly appointed him as the leader of the youth but when we saw that his ways are not straight, we ask him to vacate the position and since then, he has being trying to cause issues with the communities. I’m an Itshekiri Edo. I’m a Benin man and the Oba of Benin is our royal father,” Chief Aseleghe added.