Former Real Madrid and Liverpool striker, Michael Owen has predicted some of this weekend’s English Premier League (EPL) fixtures. Tottenham will take on Premier League leaders, Liverpool at home on Saturday evening. Chelsea will host Burnley at Stamford Bridge, while Arsenal will face Crystal Palace in an away Premier League fixture on Saturday afternoon. Manchester United will tackle Norwich City at Old Trafford on Saturday evening. Providing his predictions, Owen was quoted by Sport Review as saying: Man United vs Norwich: “Norwich have dropped 14 points from winning positions so far this term having conceded a late equaliser to Crystal Palace in their last home league game. “United were no match for neighbours City at Old Trafford in the League Cup semi-final first leg this week, but they did restore some pride in the second half, and I would be surprised if they didn’t get back to winning ways against a Canaries side who currently prop up the division.” Crystal Palace vs Arsenal: “Crystal Palace must do without their suspended captain Luka Milivojevic in the Eagles’ midfield and Roy Hodgson is struggling for numbers with injuries to several of his key defenders ahead of the visit of Arsenal. “I was impressed with the passion and intensity shown by the Gunners – albeit against a disappointing Manchester United – in their last league game and in the second half against Leeds in the FA Cup earlier in the week. It is still early days, but Mikel Arteta looks to be getting the best out of the squad he has inherited. “This is a fixture that invariably produces goals – 26 in the last six league games between the sides – and I think it will be Arsenal who take all three points in this London derby.” Tottenham vs Liverpool: “Spurs have only kept one clean sheet in 12 games under Jose Mourinho in all competitions, although he will have been delighted to see his side come from a goal down to get a replay in the FA Cup at the Riverside on Sunday. “What else can you say about Liverpool? The vast majority of Jurgen Klopp’s side have not played since their fluent 2-0 win at home to Sheffield United on January 2nd, and their FA Cup win with a largely reserve side shows the confidence, belief and talent at the club at present. “Liverpool have picked up 58 points from their 20 league games so far this season. Jose Mourinho would love to stop the Reds in their tracks, but this is Liverpool’s time and I expect to see Jurgen Klopp’s side march on at the top of the league.” Chelsea vs Burnley: “Chelsea are unbeaten in their last four league fixtures with Burnley and have scored 12 times in those games, including a 4-2 win at Turf Moor in the reverse fixture earlier in the season when the hosts scored two late consolation goals having been outplayed for much of the game. “The Blues have been hit and miss at home so far this league campaign, but they did beat Championship side Nottingham Forest at the Bridge on Sunday. I think they will follow up against the Clarets on Saturday – although it won’t be easy.”