A chairmanship aspirant for the forthcoming local government election in Enugu State, Hon. Chineme Onyeke has warned the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, against any attempt to disenfranchise any member of his team. DAILY POST recalls that Onyeke, who is seeking the ticket of the party for Nsukka Local Government Area, had earlier kicked against the party’s non-release of guidelines for primary elections. In a letter he addressed to the Chairman of the PDP in the State, Chief Augustine Nnamani, Onyeke had said “Under the timetable released by ESIEC, all political parties shall publish the dates for their primaries which must hold between Jan 15th and 21st , 2020.” The aspirant expressed surprise that “less than ten (10) days to the commencement of the primaries, the Peoples Democratic Party under your chairmanship has not published guidelines and dates for purchase of Nomination Forms and schedule for the ward and local government congresses. “The situation has negatively affected my campaign programmes and my campaign organisation has fears that attempts are being orchestrated by the State leadership of our great party to shut me out the contest against the express provisions of the Constitution of PDP as amended.” The party has now released the guidelines, indicating that forms will be sold on January 15, while 16th will be for screening of candidates. It added that 17th will be for appeal if any; 18th ward Congress to elect three man delegates (2 men, 1 woman); 19th free day (Sunday); 20th councillorship primaries; 21th chairmanship primaries; 22nd submission of the names of various candidates by the party. It said in the guidelines that all the first term councillors are to be returned unopposed. Reacting to the development, Onyeke said the party must get things done properly. He said in a statement that “We accept the last minute decision of the PDP Enugu State to release the Time table for the Council elections. This is despite the fact that the release was done unceremoniously contrary to our demand “We, therefore, demand that the party should with immediate effect, release the price of nomination forms and payment details, even as we accept with a pinch of salt, the decision to sell the forms for only one day! “Any attempt to disenfranchise our candidate or other candidates shall be met with stiff resistance.” DAILY POST reports that the Chairman of the Enugu State Independent Electoral Commission, ENSIEC, Dr. Mike Ajogwu, SAN, had announced that the council polls would hold on February 29, 2020.