The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike says he will not work towards imposing any governor on people of the state at the expiration of his second term in 2023. Wike explained that power can never be extended as a gift to any group. He spoke during a solidarity visit by the Orashi Region of Rivers State at the state’s Government House Port Harcourt on Saturday and was contained in a statement signed and sent to DAILY POST by his Media Aide, Simeon Nwakaudu. According to Wike: “For the position of Governorship, if you have the capacity, come out and contest. Nobody zoned Governorship to me, I struggled for it. “I will not impose anybody on Rivers people as Governor in 2023. I will not do it. I don’t even have that power, not to talk of giving it out. You cannot give what you don’t have. “To be the Governor of Rivers State, you must have the capacity to deliver.” Wike warned against the politics of bitterness, which he said has denied several Rivers communities access to developmental projects. He said: “Don’t allow anyone to sow seeds of discord among you. Politics should not divide us. Politics of bitterness does not make sense. “All of us must not be in one political party. But you must support yourselves to attract projects to your area.” Governor Wike urged the people of Orashi to remain steadfast in their march towards development. He advised them not to be intimidated as they seek development. The Governor called on Orashi people to form a united front as they work for their people. He said: “We must be able to work as a people, we will not abandon any projects awarded by the State Government. You must work as a team to achieve results.” Calling on communities to take steps to protect ongoing Government Projects, the governor regretted that in Ahoada East and Ahoada West Local Government Areas some youths disrupt the execution of projects through vandalism and kidnapping. He particularly decried the invasion of Western Ahoada County Grammar School, the Zonal Hospital Ahoada and Government Secondary School, Okarki by the people of the Area. Governor Wike thanked the people of Orashi for their support, saying that their early support gave him the leverage to win his election.