Local government chairmen who were sacked by Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State under the umbrella of Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), have urged governors from the South West region; Seyi Makinde (Oyo), Rotimi Akeredolu (Ondo), Kayode Fayemi (Ekiti), Dapo Abiodun (Ogun) Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos) and Gboyega Oyetola (Osun) to subject the operation of the recently launched security outfit, Amotekun to democratic control. They made this observation while speaking at a program organized to appreciate journalists in the state. Present at the event were correspondents and reporters of various media houses in the state, All Progressives Congress (APC) Chairman in the state, Chief Akin Oke, Minority leader of the State House of Assembly, Hon. Asimiyu Alarape, ALGON members and former Commissioner for Finance in the state Mr. Bimbo Adekanbi. ALGON Chairman, Prince Ayodeji Abass-Aleshinloye, while reacting to the launch of Western Nigeria Security Network code-named Operation Amotekun by the South West governors, appealed to the governors to subject Amotekun to democratic control and not to be abused and misused. Abass-Aleshinloye said, “Let me state here that ALGON Oyo State supports Amotekun as we have been doing to create and support any move to address meaningfully the security of life and property as this is the fundamental objective and duty of government at all levels because without security there cannot be governance or development. “We, however, wish to appeal to South west governors to subject the operation of Amotekun to democratic control and management of communities and local government authorities as elected representatives of the grassroots for Amotekun not to be abused and misused.” He urged the governors to look at all genuine complains and suggestions to make Amotekun generally acceptable so as to achieve its set goal of providing complementary security to all. “The governors should also look at all genuine complains and suggestions to make Amotekun generally acceptable so as to achieve its set goal of providing complementary security to all. “ALGON Oyo State will soon set up a technical committee to study the situation and make recommendations to the governors on it. Once again, we wish you bountiful success and great accomplishments in the new year.”