President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the re-appointment of Dr Samuel Ankeli, as his Senior Special Assistant (SSA) on Disability Matters. The President also re-appointed Shehu Garba as his Special Assistant (SA), Disability Matters. His spokesman, Garba Shehu, in a statement on Tuesday, said the appointments took effect from October 15, 2019. Similarly, Buhari has approved the appointment of Dr Bayero Salih-Farah as the substantive Director-General and Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Institute of Transport Technology (NITT), Zaria, for a four-year tenure. The appointment, communicated via a letter signed by the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Transportation, Alhaji Sabiu Zakari, took effect from Monday, Jan. 13, 2020. The letter read in part: “I am pleased to inform you that the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, by a letter Ref. No. PRES/99/MT/26, dated January 13, 2020, has approved your appointment as the Director General/Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Institute of Transport Technology (NITT), Zaria, Kaduna State. “The appointment is for four years tenure effective from January 13, 2020 in accordance with Section 7 of the NITT Act Cap No. 116 LFN 2010.” Salih-Farah was until his new appointment the Acting Director General/Chief Executive of the institute having been appointed in acting capacity on May 6, 2019. Born on March 11, 1964, at Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State, Salih-Farah attended Kpak, Local Education Authority Primary School from 1971 to 1976. After successful completion of his primary education, he attended Katsina Teachers College from 1976 to 1981 where he obtained his Teachers’ Grade II Certificate. He later proceeded to Usman Dan Fodio University, formally University of Sokoto where he obtained his Bachelor of Science Degree in Geography in 1987. Not satisfied with the first degree, Salih-Farah proceeded to Ahmadu Bello University (ABU) where he obtained a Post Graduate Diploma in Public Administration in 1992 and another postgraduate Diploma in Transportation at the Nigerian Institute of Transport Technology NITT, Zaria in 1995. He returned to ABU, Zaria in 1995 for his Master’s in Business Administration (MBA) and through hard work and resilience obtained his PhD in Management and Business Studies with Specialisation in Logistics and Freight Traffic Management from the prestigious University of Huddersfield, United Kingdom. He took appointment with NITT Zaria as a Senior Staff Development Officer in 1994 and by dint of hard work rose to the position of Director in 2013.