Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari’s government has reversed the suspension of the Managing Director of Rural Electricity Agency (REA) Mrs. Damilola Ogunbiyi. The presidency Twitter account posted that President Buhari has directed that the suspension of Mrs. Damilola Ogunbiyi from her role as Managing Director of REA be reversed. 2. The Nigerian Army has confirmed an ambush by the Boko Haram terrorists on the convoy of the theatre Commander of Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD), Maj.-Gen. Olusegun Adeniyi. The Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator, Col. Aminu Iliyasu, in a statement on Tuesday, disclosed that the attack took place about two Kilometers to Auno in Kaga Local Government Area of Borno, while the Commander was returning from Jakana where he visited troops’ location following his earlier meeting at Auno with the Gov. Babagana Zulum of Borno. 3. A Ukrainian Boeing-737 with 180 people onboard has crashed in Iran. The aircraft belonging to Ukraine International Airlines crashed just after take-off from Iran’s Imam Khomeini airport. 4. Former President Goodluck Jonathan has distanced himself from reports claiming that he was under pressure to contest the 2023 presidential election. Jonathan said he was not under pressure to contest, rather he was focused on promoting peace and sustainable democracy across the African continent. 5. Kogi West Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, chairman, Barr. Taiwo Kola-Ojo is dead. Barr. Ojo slumped and died on Tuesday evening while playing lawn tennis, according to the Kogi State Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party, Bode Ogunmola. 6. The Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS) on Tuesday released guidelines which persons crossing the country’s international borders are expected to comply with. It said the procedures on passenger clearance were contained in the Immigration Act, 2015 and Immigration Regulation 2017 and in line with the latest Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) guidelines on international travel. 7. Multiple missiles have been launched at Iraq from Iran targeting American military facilities. The facilities include Erbil in northern Iraq and Al Asad Air Base in western Iraq but casualty figure still remain unknown at the moment. 8. Former Lagos governor, Bola Tinubu, on Tuesday, dismissed speculations that President Muhammadu Buhari had a third term agenda. Tinubu told newsmen after his closed-door meeting with the nation’s leader at the presidential villa, Abuja that he’s not nursing any presidential ambition. 9. The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Tuesday, restrained the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) from conducting fresh election to fill the vacant seats of the embattled 14 House of Assembly lawmakers in the state. Justice Ahmed Mohammed, who gave the order in a motion ex-parte with suit: number: FHC/ABJ/CS/1582/19 filed by Mr D.D. Dodo on behalf of the 14 lawmakers, said the parties in the suit should hold on pending the determination of the motion before the court. 10. Liverpool star Sadio Mane on Tuesday, won 2019 CAF Player of the Year. The 27-year old Senegalese striker pipped his Liverpool teammate Mohamed Salah, the Egyptian who won the award the last two years, and Algerian Riyad Mahrez of Manchester City. Super Falcons’ Captain Asisat Oshoala was named as the 2019 African Women’s Player of the Year.