Anambra State House of Assembly has renewed tenured the tenure of 18 out of the 21 Local Government Transition Committee Chairmen in the state and their members for additional three months. The renewal is coming for the umpteenth time since the Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano took over the reins of power in 2014. Despite agitations for the conduct of a local government election in the state, the state government has continued to run the affairs of the local government areas using transition committee chairmen who are appointed by the governor from his party; All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). The renewal of their tenure was performed by all the members of the Anambra State House of Assembly, during its plenary on Thursday. The speaker, Mr Uchenna Okafor said the renewal was in line with section: 208 of the Local Government Law as requested by the state governor, Willie Obiano. Speaker Okafor, who presided over the plenary, read out the names of the council chairman to the members of the assembly for confirmation, while the lawmakers affirmed through voice votes. Three Transition Committee council Chairmen for – Idemili North, Dunukofia and Onitsha North Local Government Areas were unlucky, as their renewal were stood down by the House during the confirmation process. The affected LG Chairmen are; Mr Emeka Okonkwo, Dunukofia, Mr Raphael Nnabuife, Idemili North and Mr Patrick Agha Mba, Onitsha North. Responding on behalf of the 18 confirmed chairmen and members, the chairman of Onitsha South LGA, Mr Emeka Asoanya thanked the State House of Assembly for renewing their appointments. He, also, thanked Gov. Obiano for giving them another opportunity to serve their people. He gave the assurance that the lawmakers would maintain cordial and good working relationship with the Executive Arm of Government to meet the yearnings and aspirations of the people. Governor Willie Obiano would in March 2022 round off his second term in the state, but there is no sign that his government is prepared to hold the election in the third tier, just as the state electoral commission has been without an electoral chairman or commissioners.