The Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, PFN, on Thursday charged President Muhammadu Buhari to redeploy his Security Chiefs in a bid to tackle issues of insecurity across the country. PFN National President, Rev, Felix Omobude gave the charge in reaction to the killing of Lawan Andimi, Chairman of the Christain Association of Nigeria, CAN, in Michika Local Government Area of Adamawa State by Boko Haram insurgents. Omobude said Buhari should not be carried away by the remarks that the battle against insurgency has been won. In a statement he personally signed, the PFN National President urged the federal government to strategize which
might include the redeployment of Security chiefs, to bring about fresh ideas on how to tackle the issue of insecurity across the country. The statement sent to DAILY POST reads: PFN is deeply saddened at the murder of Pastor Lawal Andimi, the Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria, Michika Local Government, Adamawa state, by the terrorist group,
Boko Haram. We commiserate with the family of Pastor Andimi and all members of the Christian Association of Nigerian (CAN) in Adamawa state, as we pray for comfort, healing and strength at this difficult time. “We strongly condemn the barbaric killing of this innocent man, on account of his faith by this evil gang of terrorists whose record of crimes against humanity continues to worsen by the day. We are shocked that the activities of
Boko Haram has, of late, been on the upward swing, in spite of the claims by the Federal Government that the group has been technically defeated. “We are worried that the gains that have been reported appeared to have been rolled back, with increasingly disturbing reports of the worsening level of insecurity being constantly received from the North-East about the activities of
Boko Haram. While we salute the Officers and men of the Nigerian Armed Forces, many of who have made the ultimate sacrifice in the course of the counter-insurgency operation, for their gallantry and sense of duty, we call on the
Federal Government to provide for them all of the equipment they need to be able to win this war. “We call on the Federal Government to take the issue of the security of the citizens more seriously. The government should not be carried away with the assumption that the battle has been won but come up with a strategy, which might include the redeployment of Security chiefs, to bring in fresh ideas and revitalise the operation and find ways to tackle the acts of banditry, kidnapping and other heinous crimes being perpetrated across different parts of the
country.” PFN also called on the international community to come to the aid of Nigeria to defeat terrorists, especially
with the pledged involvement and support of the activities of the evil group by terrorists from other parts of the world. “We enjoin all Christians to continue to pray for the bereaved family and hold up Nigeria in prayer so that this orgy of violence and bloodletting can come to an end and the will of God for the country might come to pass,” the statement added.