The Nigerian government has finally enlightened citizens on Coronavirus, the new virus threatening the world. DAILY POST reported that the government had remained silent on the disease which was first reported in China mid-December. The disease has spread to some Asian countries and the first case reported in the United States on Tuesday. An advisory by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Wednesday, said the World Health Organization (WHO) has convened an Emergency Committee to determine whether this outbreak should be declared a “Public Health Event of International Concern” (PHEIC). Symptoms: It said the new coronavirus 2019nCoV appears to cause mild to severe respiratory symptoms like cough, cough and breathing difficulties. “From current evidence, it appears that death is a rare outcome, mostly in patients with underlying illness. There is no specific treatment for disease caused by the novel coronavirus yet”, the agency said. “However, many of the symptoms can be treated. Therefore, treatment is based on the patient’s clinical condition. In addition, supportive care for infected persons can be highly effective”, “NCDC is currently coordinating a multisectoral technical group that is assessing and managing the risk of importation to Nigeria. NCDC is in close communication with the World Health Organization (WHO) who is closely monitoring the situation globally. “The Port Health Services unit of the Federal Ministry of Health in Nigeria has been placed on alert and has heightened screening measures at the points of entry. “Nigerians are advised to remain calm. Travellers from Nigeria to Wuhan, China, are advised to avoid contact with sick people, animals (alive or dead), and animal markets. “Travelers from Wuhan to Nigeria, may be asked questions upon arrival by the Port Health Services unit at points of entry about symptoms of illness and travel history, and are advised to report immediately to NCDC, if they feel ill after a trip to Wuhan. To reduce the risk of spread of coronavirus, members of the public have been advised to adhere to the following measures: Wash your hands regularly with soap under running water; Cover your mouth and nose properly with handkerchief or tissue paper when sneezing and/or coughing. You may also cough into your elbow if a handkerchief is not available; Avoid close contact with anyone showing symptoms of respiratory illness such as coughing and sneezing; Avoid self-medication, report to the nearest health facility when you experience any of the above-mentioned symptoms; Healthcare workers are always advised to observe standard infection prevention and control measures when attending to patients and take a travel history. NCDC assured that the advisory will be updated as more information becomes available and urged Nigerians to use its Toll-Free Number: 0800 9700 0010, SMS: 08099555577 and WhatsApp: 07087110839 for easier communication.