The Chairman House Committee on Reformatory Institutions in the House of Representatives, Chief Chinedu Ogah at the weekend tasked the Peoples Democratic Party and its National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus to tender apologies to Nigerians for allegedly conniving with the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, from taken away the mandate of the Imo people and illegally occupying power for over Six months. Ugah said that the attacks on the Judiciary by the PDP over the Apex Court’s ruling that ousted the former Governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha were unbearable and unfortunate from a Party that had benefited from a landmark Judgment from the same Supreme Court. He noted that the attacks on the Judiciary may further endanger the security, peace and unity in the country and however urged the PDP leadership to stop attacking and making uncomplimentary remarks that are tarnishing the image of the Judicial arm of Government. Briefing journalists in Abakaliki, Chief Ogah who is representing Ezza South/Ikwo Federal Constituency in Ebonyi State called on the PDP National Chairman, Secondus to tender apologies to Nigerians and the Judiciary for their abuses and attacks against the arm of Government. The APC chieftain lamented that a situation where individuals and political parties take the Judiciary to the gutters when judgements didn’t favour them is the height of unpatriotism and ingratitude. Ogah said: “it has become expedient to call on the main opposition PDP and its National Chairman, Prince Uche Secondus to apologise to Nigerians and the Nigeria’s Judiciary on the attacks, abuses and uncomplimentary remarks over the Apex Court ruling that upturned the victory of the former Governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha”. “The PDP should apologize to Nigerians for snatching and robbing the Mandate of the people for over six months in connivance with the INEC”. “The actions of the PDP and its leadership were unpatriotic, sycophantic and ungrateful. The PDP has benefitted from landmark Judgments from the Apex Court against the APC but nothing happened. The case of Zamfara and Rivers States where the Apex Court disbanded all the candidates of the APC and ruled in favour of the PDP was accepted as a true reflection of democratic order but the moment the same Court ruled against the PDP, the judiciary has been taken to the gutters for abusing democratic order and principles according to PDP”. “We have to change the negative perceptions against the Judiciary when matters are ruled against our various interests. The negative comments against our Judiciary is impugning on the integrity and reputation of not only our Judiciary but Nigeria at large. The fear and anger of the PDP is just like a proverbial Murderer that doesn’t allow small knife to pass his back. The Opposition PDP thinks that APC will pervade justices as it did when they held powers”. “Under President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration, the face and neutrality of the Judiciary have taken to a center stage and when the Courts refuse to do the bidding of the PDP, it will amount to desecration of justice system. PDP should turn a leaf, the Lawmaker said.