Sixteen shops have been razed following a fire incident at the main market in Ganye, a commercial town in the southern part of Adamawa State. DAILY POST gathered on Sunday, that the incident occurred Saturday night when all shop owners had closed after the day’s business. “The cause of the inferno has not been determined, but valuable goods and property were lost,” a witness said. Ganye is the headquarters of Ganye Local Government Area, reputed for being the hub of agriculture and the food basket of Adamawa State. The Information Officer of the LGA, Garba Jida, told our correspondent Sunday afternoon that the town got to know about the fire outbreak at the Ganye Main Market about 9 pm on Saturday. “Residents near the market raised the alarm and I was immediately informed,” he disclosed, adding that people rushed to the place and contributed efforts that overcame the fire. “I called the principal of the Federal Government College, Ganye, who released the water tanker of the college,” the information officer added, explaining that with the water provided by the tanker, youths succeeded in dousing the flames to stop progression to other shops. According to him, eight shops on both sides of a lane in the market, making 16 shops in all, were destroyed by the fire. “The shops on one side of the lane contained grains, while the shops on the opposite side contained provisions and plastic containers,” he explained. The member representing Ganye Constituency in the Adamawa State House of Assembly, Hon Alhassan Hammanjoda, released a statement on Sunday, extending his sympathy to victims of the fire. “This is economically destabilizing and an incalculable setback for the victims who have lost what they laboured for,” the lawmaker said. Alhassan Hammanjoda, who is the Chairman, House Standing Committee on Rural Infrastructure and Community Development, assured those who suffered losses from the fire incident that he would communicate the issue to the appropriate authorities for emergency intervention.