Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) on Monday, urged the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government to deploy all available resources at its disposal to ensure that all Christians in the captivity of Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists are freed. A statement by President of CAN, Rev Dr Samson Ayokunle, recalled that the Chairman of Christian Association of Nigeria in Michika, Adamawa State, Rev Lawan Andimi was abducted by Boko Haram terrorists last week when they invaded the predominantly Christian community. CAN also called on the United Nations, the US, the UK and other developed world to assist the Nigerian government in securing the lives of Nigerians before it is too late. 2. Reports from Gamboru Ngala local government of Borno State indicates that several people mainly women and children were killed in an explosion suspected to have been planted by Boko Haram close to a bridge between Nigeria and Cameroon border. The bomb exploded during a routine security check on people who were coming out of the market. 3. Members of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) otherwise known as Shi’tes, Monday protested in Abuja, the Nigeria’s capital, over the killing of Qassem Soleimani, the leader of Iranian military. Shiites led a procession through Banex, Wuse Area to Berger roundabout in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). They also demanded that the President Muhammadu Buhari government release their leader, Sheikh Ibrahim El-Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenat unconditional. 4. The Federal Government will begin to regulate estimated electricity bills issued by power distribution companies to their unmetered customers from February. According to the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, Discos that fail to provide meters to customers would only be allowed to issue a capped sum as estimated bills to their respective power users. NERC’s Chairman, James Momoh, told journalists in Abuja on Monday. He said that once the regulation was released, unmetered customers would only pay what the commission directs Discos to collect as estimated bills. 5. All members of the Atlantic alliance, otherwise known as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO, have vowed to stand behind the United States in the Middle East after America briefed NATO on its drone attack that killed Iranian military commander, Qassem Soleimani. This decision was made public on Monday by NATO Secretary-General, Jens Stoltenberg. He warned Iran to refrain from further violence and provocations and also called for a de-escalation of tensions. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, has insisted that his principal will not handpick his successor in 2023. Adesina stated this while appearing on Channels Television on Monday night. Although he admitted that Buhari would be interested in who becomes the next president, Adesina made it clear that the process will not be manipulated. He added that Buhari will not hand Nigeria over to those who will take her back or hand Nigeria over to looters once again. 7. The Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) on Monday appealed to Muslim youths in the country to exercise restraint over the death of top Iranian military commander, Qassem Soleimani, in Iraq. In a statement issued in Abuja by Head of Media of the council, Ibrahim Aselemi, the body appealed to the youth not to allow their emotions to becloud their judgment but to ensure peace at all times. NSCIA said the issue between the U.S. and Iran can only be resolved through diplomatic dialogue and not through protests as planned by some Muslim youths. 8. Former Senegal striker, El Hadji Diouf, has backed his compatriot, Sadio Mane, to win the 2019 African Player of the Year award. The winner of the award will be named in Hurghada, Egypt on Tuesday. Mane is up for the prize, along with his Liverpool teammate Mohamed Salah and Algeria captain Riyad Mahrez. Salah has been named Africa’s best footballer in the past two years with Mane coming second on both occasions, but Diouf, expects Mane to finish first this time around. 9. Iran has offered to give $80 million (£60 million) to anyone that would get her the head of the United States President, Donald Trump. This amount was set because of the killing of the Iranian General Qasem Soleimani. The organiser of the funeral of Soleimani on Monday called on every Iranian to donate $1 to fund a bounty on Donald Trump. 10. The Nigerian Army on Monday night reacted to the allegation by the Executive Governor of Borno State, Prof Babagana Umara Zulum accusing soldiers of Operation LAFIYA DOLE deployed along Maiduguri – Damaturu Road of extorting money from commuters and causing them unnecessary hardship. The Army in a statement by Col. Aminu Iliyasu, Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator also said, ” it is important to unequivocally observe that public outburst, particularly by eminent personalities such as a State Executive, could be counterproductive and indeed capable of reversing the gains recorded so far in the ongoing fight against insurgents and other criminal elements across the nation.”