Unknown gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have abducted a woman and her 14-year-old son at their residence in Juji area of Sabon Tasha, Chikun local government area of Kaduna state. The incident was said to have occurred in the early hours of Tuesday when the bandits invaded the community, shooting sporadically. The bandits were said to have taken the woman and her son after they broke into their home. The 14-year-old son was said to have protested against the abduction of his mother and insisted that he must accompany her. A resident of the area who spoke in a telephone interview under anonymity said the kidnappers scaled the fence into the residence of their victims. He said after scaling the fence, the gunmen ordered the family to open the door, but nobody responded and forced their way by smashing one of the windows and used digger to break the burglaries. The operation which lasted for about 35 minutes according to the source, went without question as nobody could dare the criminals because of the weapons they used. According to the source, “The kidnappers stormed Juji around midnight and headed to the residence of their victims. “When they got into the compound by scaling the fence, they started knocking at the door and ordered the victims to open the door. “But when nobody responded, they smashed one of the windows in an attempt to enter the room. “The burglaries on the window was too strong, so they used a digger to break them to enter the room. They took the woman and as they were going with her, her eldest son who is 14 years old, protested and insisted that he must follow his mother and they left with them. “As I am speaking with you now, the kidnappers have not said anything and we are very worried since the incident took place over 24 hours ago.” He said that the incident was reported at the Sabon Tasha Divisional Police Station on Tuesday morning and the police visited the scene of the incident and took pictures of the destruction. He lamented the spates of abduction in the area, saying another member of the community was kidnapped by gunmen last Thursday. “We are living in fear and we are calling on government to protect us. We are also trying to come together as a community to see how we can protect ourselves from these criminals. “But government need to live up to its responsibility of protecting lives and property of citizens,” he said. Yakubu Sabo, the spokesman of the Kaduna State police command could not be reached on his mobile phone for comments on the incident as of the time of filing this story