Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has reassured Nigerians that withdrawal of the military from areas where peace had been restored will not be done in a manner that will expose communities to more risks of attacks. Garba Shehu, Buhari’s Media aide, said the withdraw exercise will be gradual and carefully planned, not abrupt or arbitrary to jeopardise the success already recorded by the military. 2. The Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, has linked the seeming unending political tussle in the state to his administration’s fight against warlords and non-state actors, who hitherto controlled resources to the detriment of Edo people. Obaseki at a meeting with Benin Elders Forum in Benin City, the Edo State capital, reassured that his administration would remain committed and focused in delivering the dividends of democracy to Edo people through his reforms and developmental projects. 3. The Commissioner of Police, Kogi State Command, CP Ede Ayuba Ekpeji has condemned the unfortunate attacks on the people of Tawari Community in the early hours of Friday, which left 23 persons feared dead. Confirming the incident, the Kogi State Commissioner of Police in a statement on Friday through the Police Public Relation, PPRO, DCP William Aya extends his message of condolence to the traditional ruler of Tawari, the entire community, the Kogi Local Government and Kogi State Government over the unfortunate incidents. 4. The Ondo State House of Assembly has dissolved all the 18 Caretaker Chairmen in the local government areas of the state. With the dissolution of the caretaker committees across the state, the Directors of Local Government Administration, DLGAs in the various council areas are expected take over the helms of affairs pending the next move by the state governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. 5. A section of the residence of former Senate President, David Mark, in Otukpo town, Benue State, was on Thursday gutted by fire. The fire razed down the storehouse where motorcycles meant for empowerment of his constituents were kept. Over 13 motorcycles and two ambulances belonging to the ex-lawmaker were destroyed. 6. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Board of Trustee, BoT, Chairman, Senator Walid Jibrin, has alleged that there are plots to assassinate him over zoning of the 2023 presidency. Jibrin disclosed that some members of the party threatened his life for not saying that the PDP’s presidential ticket would be zoned to the North-east when he addressed the media last week. 7. Three children of the same parents were in the early hours of Friday burnt to death at their residence situated at the last bust stop, behind Ibadan Grammar School, Molete, Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. The names of the deceased children are Glory, 14 year old, Samuel, 8 year old and Darasimi 3 year old. The incident was said to have occurred when their father, Mr. Tunde Emmanuel and mother, Christiana, were not around. 8. A retired principal in Ekiti State, Mr. Femi Ayeni, was on Thursday murdered by unknown killers in Emure Ekiti, Emure Local Government Area of the state. The incident occurred at about 10.30 pm at his residence located along Ise road in the community when the gunmen besieged the house with the aim of robbing the victim, but he was killed in the process. 9. The police in Abuja, on Friday, confirmed the abduction of two women in Tokolo, Bwari Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). Mr Biodun Makanjuola, the Divisional Police Office in charge of Bwari Police Division, said the women were kidnapped by the gunmen during an attack on their vehicle en route Tokolo village, the hometown of the Chairman of the Bwari Area Council, Mr John Gabaya. 10. The Police Command in Benue state says it has arrested 26 criminal suspects for alleged kidnapping, armed robbery, theft among others, during the Christmas and new year celebrations. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Mr Mukaddas Garba, made the disclosure while briefing journalists on Thursday in Makurdi on the security situation during the yuletide celebration.