Buckingham Palace has announced final decisions regarding Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s exit from the royal family. The Queen announced that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will completely give up their royal life after a ‘Megxit’ deal was sealed. This followed their surprise decision last week to quit their royal roles by stepping down as senior members of the royal family. The Queen of England in her final decision released a letter on Saturday, stating that Harry, Meghan and Archie will no longer use the titles His Royal Highness and Her Royal Highness, but they are not being stripped of them. The couple, who will be known as Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, will stop carrying out royal duties from the spring. The announcement marks the conclusion of talks about their future after days of talks with senior members of the family and royal aides to seal a deal. This new model will take effect from the Spring of 2020.’ The statement read: “Following many months of conversations and more recent discussions, I am pleased that together we have found a constructive and supportive way forward for my grandson and his family.Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved members of my family. “I recognise the challenges they have experienced as a result of intense scrutiny over the last two years and support their wish for a more independent life. “I want to thank them for all their dedicated work across this country, the Commonwealth and beyond, and am particularly proud of how Meghan has so quickly become one of the family. “It is my whole family’s hope that today’s agreement allows them to start building a happy and peaceful new life. “From Buckingham Palace: The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are grateful to Her Majesty and the Royal Family for their ongoing support as they embark on the next chapter of their lives. “As agreed in this new arrangement, they understand that they are required to step back from Royal duties, including official military appointments. “They will no longer receive public funds for Royal duties.With The Queen’s blessing, the Sussexes will continue to maintain their private patronages and associations. “While they can no longer formally represent The Queen, the Sussexes have made clear that everything they do will continue to uphold the values of Her Majesty. “The Sussexes will not use their HRH titles as they are no longer working members of the Royal Family. “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have shared their wish to repay Sovereign Grant expenditure for the refurbishment of Frogmore Cottage, which will remain their UK family home. “This new model will take effect in the Spring of 2020. This means Harry, who served a decade in the British Army, will give up his military patronages and his role as Commonwealth Youth Ambassador but will remain a prince and sixth in line to the British throne. 