Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, the apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, has lauded governors of the Southwest geopolitical zone for their firmness on Amotekun. Amotekun, an initiative of Southwest Governors, was first declared illegal last Tuesday by the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami. However, Ohanaeze, in a press release issued by the Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Mazi Chuks Ibegbu, on Friday, also commended the federal government for reviewing its earlier stand on Amotekun security outfit. It said, “Amotekun is like a Vigilante group and people have the right to protect themselves against marauders and killers especially when our conventional security apparatus is unable to do that. “We warn those still making provocative comments on the matter to desist from doing so in the interest of the nation. “Ohanaeze equally warn all criminals, killers, hoodlums and rituals hiding in any forest in the country especially the southern Nigeria to flee now in their own interest or regret their lives”. DAILY POST recalls that the Ondo State Governor and Chairman of the Southwest Governors, Rotimi Akeredolu, disclosed what was agreed upon during the meeting with the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo with regards to Amotekun. Akeredolu said governors of the region and Osinbajo agreed on a legal framework to be established to backup the region’s security outfit. Recall that the Southwest governors had met with Osinbajo yesterday at the Presidential Villa, Abuja. Akeredolu while addressing State House correspondents after the meeting, said: “We held a very fruitful discussion, the governors of the South-West were there. The meeting was presided over by the Vice President, the AGF was there and the Inspector General of Police. “We have rubbed minds and all of us have agreed on the way forward. The most important thing is that we are going to have the legal framework to back this Amotekun. And this legal framework is going to be one in which all of us will look at and we will be sure that it goes without any hindrance”.