The United Christian Forum of Nigeria, UCFN, has accused opposition leaders and the Christian Association of Nigeria of helping insurgents achieve their aim of creating unrest in the country. The forum made the claim following the recent insurgent attacks and killing of Nigerians in Northeast and reactions from the leadership of CAN and the opposition parties. Addressing newsmen on Monday in Lagos, the forum’s Secretary-General, Rev. Oyekanmi Rafael said it was worried over the direction, wording and choice of language by the Christian body and opposition leaders in the country. Rafael warned both bodies to stop making statements that would rather serve as a boost to the insurgents. This is coming at a time when the Christian Association of Nigeria, alleged that the Federal Government was colluding with Boko Haram to kill Christians. CAN had made the allegations, after the Chairman of the association in Michika Local government area of Adamawa State was beheaded by Boko Haram, Lawan Andimi. Reacting to Andimi’s execution CAN had accused the Buhari-led federal government of colluding with Boko Haram to kill Christians. However, Rafael also warned the leadership of CAN to stop playing the religious card to sow the seeds of discord, disunity and inflame passions of hate and violence in Nigeria. According to Rafael: “The UCFN has decided to interface with Nigerians on what we have branded the “State of the Nation” engagement. Our standpoint is gingered by the rejuvenation of insecurity threats in some parts of the country. “We can attest to the revived and troubling incidents of Boko Haram and Islamic State West African Province (ISWAP) terrorism; kidnappings, abductions, armed robberies, armed banditry, herdsmen/ farmers clashes and other communal skirmishes assailing our land. “We proclaim that these ugly, sad, condemnable and unacceptable flashes of armed criminalities in our nation are assuming dimensions of polarizing us along ethnic and religious lines, based on reckless sentiments applied to their interpretations. “UCFN is most astounded with the recent reaction of the national secretariat of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), the umbrella body of all Christians in Nigeria in a public statement over the unfortunate abduction and murder of the CAN chairman of Michika LGA in Adamawa State, Pastor Lawan Andimi by Boko Haram/ISWAP; the cold-blooded killing of a Lutheran clergy, Pastor Denis Bagauri by unknown assassins and the December 2019 abduction and beheading of 11 Christians captured in Northern Nigeria by terrorists. “These tragic incidents are regrettable and places our once peaceful country on the precipice of implosion. We commiserate with Mr. President, the families of all Christian martyrs, Muslims and Nigerians over the irreparable losses. May Almighty God grant them peaceful rest in his bosom and eternal damnation to the devil-incensed killers. “It is completely inexcusable for us to abandon the divine path in this circumstance, and rather resort to hurling tantrums at ourselves and leaders. It is only capable of escalating tensions and railroading us into a deeper mess by our utterances. “We all can confess that issues of religion are quite delicate and explosive matters in Nigeria, where the population of the dominant religions, Christianity and Islam peg neck to neck. Sponsors and funders of Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists tormenting us are not targeting Christians or Muslims alone. Everybody prone to their presence when they come on such satanic missions becomes a victim. “To this end, UCFN finds the latest statement by CAN, which its Director of Legal and Public Affairs, Kwamkur Samuel Vondip signed on behalf of CAN National President, Rev. Samson Ayokunle and indeed, previous such public statements on the menace of insecurity in Nigeria, very nauseating, inciting and illogical in the strictest terms of it. “In the reported CAN statement, the leadership gave an undisguised and sentimentally religious interpretations to the terrorists actions, imputing President Buhari’s consent to the religious persecution of Christians in Nigeria by insurgents and herdsmen mercenaries. This is unquestionably a faulty assumption that deserves an apology to the FGN from the apex Christian’ body. “We found it extremely unreasonable and repulsive for CAN to have manifested its partisan toga by freely canvasing for the sack of Service and Security Chief. This odd crusading was laced in the pedestrian argument that its composition is steeped in ethnic and religious lopsidedness. It is shameful to argue issues of insecurity in this manner as postulated by the CAN leadership. “It sadly lands us to the unconcealed politicization and partisanship of CAN, which UCFN believes is not a healthy or progressive disposition. Why would CAN seek to vacate the prerogative of Mr. President in appointing or retaining Security Chiefs of his choice? Has CAN mutated into an opposition political party? “Such drab from the CAN’s statement is damp incitement of members of rival faiths through partisan weapons which should be avoided. “However, is CAN honest in making such a generalized and inciting statements. It lacks plausibility and betrays the deadly motives of this assemblage of Christian leaders. “Perhaps, CAN is not aware that a Christian/Pastor, Gen. Gabriel Abayomi Olonisakin is the Chief of Defence Staff (CDS). By the demands of his office, the CDS supervises other Security Chiefs. There is also the Chief of Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok Ekwe-Ibas also a Christian. Could they have possibly conspired with Security Chiefs of rival religious sects to kill their brethren, without raising a voice?”