Incensed by the murder of villagers and destruction of properties in Kwatas Village of Bokkos Local Government Council, Governor Simon Bako Lalong has directed the Commissioner of Police in the State, Isaac Akinmoyede to detain community leaders and the Ardos (Fulani leaders) from the affected community. The Governor also said when they are arrested, they will bring out those perpetuating the evil act. Lalong stated this when he met with stakeholders, which include heads of security agencies, traditional rulers, community leaders and Ardos (representing the Fulani) at the Government House. The Governor, who was visibly angry over the incident, said it will not be allowed to degenerate further and make nonsense of the efforts put in to restore peace to the state, insisting that nobody is above Government. According to him, “how can they say that people are killed and there is no arrest. Are those killing others spirits? I don’t think you can kill 15 human beings and claim you are spirit and there is not arrest. “Commissioner of Police, you should take the community leaders and the Ardos with you so that they can tell you those behind these killings. By the time you go to cell, you
will bring out those people that are doing it. If you want to give evidence, give it to the commissioner of police. We are not afraid of criminals.” “Some community leaders and Ardos have done their best but
within us, there are criminals”, he maintained. “We must expose them no matter how high. If you are one of them, you better take yourself to the police station. The Army is here, Police, Civil Defence, DSS, Operation Rainbow. I want those people today. “They should not sleep in their houses. By the time they are arrested, we will solve this problem”, he stressed. Meantime, the Commissioner of Police in the State Isaac Akimoyede had earlier briefed the Governor on the crisis and the efforts to contain it. Akinmoyede explained that he held a meeting with the community leaders last Saturday based on intelligence where he warned against any breach of the peace. “Since I have been in this state since February, 2019, no event of this magnitude have happened. We have been investigating the incident in Mangu and then this. We cannot continue in this situation in the State. The security agencies have resolved that those people killing must be arrested no matter how highly placed. “Peace must return to this state as we cannot continue in this situation. If anyone has grievances, he should come up and say it so that we can find solution, not to take the laws into his hand and kill. We will not allow it”, he maintained. The Police Commissioner assured the Governor that the security personnel had been deployed in the troubled areas to forestall any spread of the crises beyond the initial areas.