Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, has warned the 17 newly-appointed commissioners against indulging in corrupt practices and any other acts that are inimical to the blueprint policy of the government Governor Bello who gave the warning in Government house Lokoja during the swearing-in of the newly appointed commissioners , also charged them to always make themselves accessible to the people. The swearing in of the commissioners came barely 48 hours after the governor was sworn in for a second term in office. He told the 17 newly-appointed commissioners that human capital development as one of the main thematic areas of the new direction administration must be respected to the latter, stressing that whoever goes against it would be shown the way out of the government. “Every commissioner as well as all Ministry, Department and Agencies must operate an open door policy and make themselves available to the people because human capital development would form the nucleus of this administration. “Government is about the people and you must make yourselves available to the people. “Whenever we discovered that you stay away from your people we will not have any option than to fire you. You should be approachable and accessible to you people,” he said. “The anti corruption agencies have scrutinized us based on petitions written by various people who are not happy with the way we carry out our reforms, and they have found us clean , don’t tarnish our reputation with corrupt practices, anyone found wanting will not be speared. Therefore accountability and probity should be your watch dog,” he advised. He said that the commissioners were chosen based on their personal merit and those that returned after serving during first term did so based on their performance. He urged them to reciprocate the gesture to justify the confidence reposed by the people who gave the administration second term in office. The new commissioners and their portfolios were: Muhammed Sani Ibrahim (SAN) – Attorney General, and Commissioner for Justice,
Asiru Asiwaju Idris – Finance, Budget and Economic Planning l, Saka Haruna – Health, Abdulsalam Ozigi Deedat – Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Daniel Oneal Ejigbo – Rural Development,
Abubakar Sadiq Ohere – Works and Housing , Kingsley Olorunfemi Fanwo – Information . Others were David Apeh -Agriculture,
Wemi Jones Ojo – Education, Science and Technology, Omofaiye Adewale – Environment, Isah Idachaba – Culture and Tourism, Joseph Baron Okwoli- Transportation , Gabriel Yunusa Olofu – Commerce and Industry, Fatima Kabir Buba – Women Affairs and Social Development , Abdulmumin Danga – Water Resources , Idris Musa – Youths and Sports Development and Abubakar Bashir Mohammed – Solid Minerals and Natural Resources In the same vein, the Governor appointed Nasiru Ohiani as the Special Adviser on Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Ohiani replaced Abdulmumin Okara as the SDGs boss. The former Director General Protocol, Dr Gabriel Ottah was redeployed as Special Adviser, Education, Science and Technology.