The Police in Anambra State have killed two persons suspected to be armed robbers after they engaged them in a shootout at Agulu, Anaocha Local Government Area of Anambra State. The suspects, both male, Onyebuchi Ngala popularly known as Ceaser and his partner, Izuchukwu Okoro were felled by a hail of bullets, and a Nissan Xterra SUV, which they had snatched from its owner and tried escaping in was also shattered during the gun battle. The state police command’s public relations officer, SP Haruna Mohammed who stated this in a press statement to DAILY POST said, “Today 13/1/2020 at about 1:15 pm, Police operatives attached to the Command Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) responded to a distress call and stormed the hideout of a robbery gang who allegedly attacked one Chiegulem Chidera ‘m’ at Agouye Umuko Awka and snatched his Nissan Xtera jeep with Reg number Cross River GGJ 402 AA at gunpoint. “Suspects were trailed at Nkwo Agulu and on sighting the Police (they) opened fire after which the police responded promptly. “As a result, the two suspects; one Onyebuchi Ngala ‘m’ aka Ceaser and Izuchukwu Okoro ‘m’ were fatally wounded during the gun encounter. They were taken to the hospital for treatment but confirmed dead on arrival by the medical doctor.” Haruna listed exhibits recovered from the suspects to include the snatched Xterra jeep, one Ak 47 rifle, one pump action gun, six life cartridges, four expended ammunition, five life ammunition of 7.62mm and two Ak47 magazines. He added that the deceased suspects were among the gang responsible for the Abduction of a staff of Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Engr Emeka Chiaghana, who was kidnapped in his compound in Nibo, Awka South Local Government Area on 25th October 2019. Haruna said the case is still under investigation and effort is ongoing to locate the whereabout of the abducted Chiaghana. Despite previously arresting suspected kidnappers of the Unizik staff, and gunning down two today, Chiaghana’s whereabout had remained unknown since after his kidnap.