Gov. Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State has called on Deltans to be more united, following the re-affirmation of his victory at the polls by the Supreme Court. DAILY POST reports that the highest court in the country on Wednesday declared Okowa the duly elected governor of the state. Okowa made the call on Wednesday evening at a thanksgiving service held at the Government House Chaplaincy, Asaba, to celebrate the Supreme Court verdict. “I want to thank Deltans for all your prayers and support and as we move forward, it is time to work for the good of the state. ”I cannot do it alone; as a government, we require the cooperation of all; it is time for us to partner together; it is time to forget the bitterness. “I will use this opportunity to call on my opponent, Chief Great Ogboru of All Progressives Congress (APC) for him to realise that it is time for him to work together with the state government to build our state. ”I believe that truly everyone can make his contributions and impact whether he is in office or not as it is truly time for us to be united. “God took us through the elections, through the tribunal, Appeal Court and now the Supreme Court and in each of the victories, we have always returned thanks to God because He alone has made it possible. ”We trusted in God and he has seen us through and today we have victory. “This victory is dedicated to God because God willed it to be, to settle the state and to ensure that there is peace to bring oneness among us because without peace and without oneness we cannot move forward as a people.” Speaking on plans for 2023 elections, the governor said: “I know that 2023 is not so far but it is also not too near so, there is a time for everything. ”When the time to play politics comes, we will play politics. For those of us in government, I want to plead that the best thing for us to do now is to work. ”There will be room to play the politics and by His grace when the time comes, everything will work out smoothly; no one can make a governor; only God can decide who becomes governor. ”So, for now, we have to work together to achieve a stronger Delta as we need to spend the next few years working for the people of Delta State,” Okowa added.