The Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, under the leadership of Prof. Umar Garba Danbatta has said it helped in boosting the quality of mobile telecommunication services across Nigeria in 2019. NCC says it contributed to boosting the quality of telecom services through its continuous monitoring of operators’ compliance with the Key Performance Indicator, KPS, on Quality of service, QOS, on a state-by-state level. Speaking at a forum in Abuja, Danbatta said: “In line with its continuous commitment to ensuring that telecoms operators deliver consistently improved QoS to their over 179 million subscribers, the NCC, in the course of 2019, embarked on a series of initiatives that have relatively helped in boosting the quality of service delivery across mobile networks. “Through continuous monitoring of operators’ compliance with the Key Performance Indicator (KPS) on Quality of service (QOS) on a state-by-state level, as against measuring operators’ compliance on a national average basis, the regulator helped to boost QoS delivery in this regard.” On the issue of consumer protection, Danbatta revealed that the Commission stepped up measures in handling complaints from Nigerians. “Stepping up measures with respect of consumer complaints resolution was one initiative the Commission took very seriously in 2019. For instance, the Commission revised its Consumer Complaints & Service Level Agreement (CC/SLA) to improve consumer complaint management and resolution in a more promptly manner by the service providers. “Similar efforts championed by the Danbatta-led NCC in the course of 2019 towards addressing consumer issues, was the inauguration of a multi-sectoral committee to combat the issue of financial frauds using telecoms or digital platforms. “More importantly, the thematic direction of the NCC’s Open Forum of the Industry Consumer Advisory Forum (ICAF) for the fourth quarter of 2019 was targeted at addressing areas of protection for consumers with respect to financial frauds committed by criminals using telecoms platforms,” he said.