The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Saturday stated that President Muhammadu Buhari directly abused his office and exhibited the worst form of corruption by detailing the officially restricted Presidential jet to chauffeur his daughter, Hanan, for her private photography event in Bauchi state. PDP described the action as provocative, condemnable, completely improper and an unpardonable slap on the sensibilities of millions of Nigerians, particularly, the youths, who look up to the President for integrity, uprightness and respect for rules. Reports had it that Hanan flew in a presidential jet to an occasion in Bauchi State. Hannan, who is a first class graduate in photography was said to have been invited to the Durbar by Rilwanu Adamu, Emir of Bauchi, on Thursday. Pictures which surfaced online showed that Hannan was accorded a warm reception by officials of the state waiting for her at Abubakar Tafawa Balewa International Airport. Hanna’s visit, however, elicited a lot of criticism from Nigerians who frowned at the choice of her flying a presidential jet for her personal business. But, Buhari’s Media Aide, Garba Shehu in a swift reaction rubbished the criticisms that greeted the development. However, PDP stated that the development is a strong pointer to the recklessness that pervades the Buhari Presidency and the indefensible
annexation of our national assets and resources for illegal private use. A statement by PDP’s spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan sent to DAILY POST reads: “It is even most appalling that instead of apologizing to Nigerians, the Buhari Presidency, in its arrogance, is resorting to falsehood and trying to justify the inexcusable. “Our party holds that Mr. President should apologise for approving that her daughter uses the Presidential jet just for the purpose of allegedly taking photographs in a Durbar event in Bauchi state. “Perhaps, the Buhari Presidency forgot that it is public knowledge that the Presidential fleet can only be authorized for use by the President, the First Lady, Vice President, Senate President, Speaker of the House
of Representatives, the Chief Justice of Nigeria, former Presidents, Presidential delegation and no one else. “Moreover, the rules do not grant the President any powers to transfer any paraphernalia of office or privileges of his position to any of his children.” PDP stated that the Presidency’s defence was a direct spat on millions of Nigerians who cannot freely ply our highways because Buhari and his party the APC, have failed to fix and rid our roads of kidnappers and bandits, who have practically taken over major routes under their despicable watch. The opposition party noted that never in the history of Nigeria has a Presidency exhibited such arrogance, impunity and corruption, adding that the action has further shown that the Buhari Presidency had only been parading and getting away with false integrity. “Nigerians could recall how President Buhari heavily accused and criticized previous administrations of voting and wasting huge resources to maintain the Presidential fleet and promised to sell off most of the planes to save cost. “Since President Buhari assumed office, none of the planes had been sold. Instead, the Buhari Presidency had continued to budget more funds for the fleet with N8.5 bn budgeted for 2020 alone, only to approve that his daughter use a Presidential jet for her private photography event,” the statement added.