Mixed reactions have trailed the defeat of Imo State Governor, Emeka Ihedioha at the Supreme Court. DAILY POST had reported that the Supreme Court on Tuesday sacked Gov Emeka Ihedioha and declared APC’s Hope Uzodimma as the Governor of Imo State. It, therefore, ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to withdraw the certificate of return from former Governor Emeka Ihedioha and issue Uzodimma with certificate of return as governor of the state. Delivering the judgment, Justice Kudirat Kekere-Ekun said the votes due to Uzodinma and APC from 318 polling units were wrongly excluded and should be added. But reacting, some Nigerians while expressing surprises, wondered how APC who came fourth in the governorship election was declared winner. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered; @Angelgabbysharee, “You can’t undermine the influence of @OWELLEROCHAS in that state…don’t all forget that Uche Nwosu of AA withdrew from the appeal. Give it to Okorocha.” @gboye1, “ PDP: Ihedioha Emeka 273,404, AA: Uche Nwosu 190,364, APGA: Ifeanyi Ararume 114,676, APC: Hope Uzodinma 96,458, YPP: Ikedi Ohakim 527
The Supreme Court is either joking or INEC is criminally incompetent.” @Omo Father Mbaka Church go full this Sunday. But actually Ihedioha didn’t make the required 25% in 2/3 LGAs in the state. It was either his sack or rerun. Rerun was most likely but here we are.” @Chudi_chudia, “So where will Emeka ihedioha take his case of stolen mandate???Umuchigbo nike?” @Ileowokikowo, “And Emeka Ihedioha already destroyed the foundation laid by Sen. Rochas Okorocha (@realRochas). As a usurper of the people’s will, I think Emeka should be tried and jailed and all the money collected in salaries refunded to the state’s purse.” @ajuda, “Nigeriaaaaaaaa. You see why I don’t bother myself about Nigeria election again. You will just DIE.” @Eli_alheri, “Hahaha now they will blame Buhari? I think democracy is in danger but when it go their ways all is fine.” @adorablesusan, “Supreme court has removed Emeka ihedioha, political scheming in play..our judiciary has been messed up with politics, shame.”