The Governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has been accused of running a government of secrecy where only his immediate family are the one in charge of governance. The Executive Director, Engineering and Technical Services of Niger Delta Power Holding Company, NDPHC, Engr. Ife Oyedele, made the allegation. Oyedele, is believed to be eyeing the governorship ticket of the All Progressives Congress, APC, ahead of the governorship poll in the state later this year, said that the state under the Akeredolu-led administration had been witnessing stunted growth. Oyedele spoke in Yoruba language while addressing beneficiaries of the Senate Deputy Majority Leader’s empowerment programme over the weekend at Oka-Akoko. He stated that “I’m certain that all the setbacks we are currently witnessing in Ondo State will soon be a thing of the past. “What has baffled us the most is that every four years we do elect governors but what have pained us the most is that they seem not to have any plan. What we have in Ondo State today is the government of the governor, wife and for his children. “No indigene of Ondo State today can be proud of the situation of the state. This year makes is the 44th year when Ondo State was created. I don’t think there is any building within the state that has portable water from government. In some parts of the state, people have been battling with electricity blackout for over 10 years. They only rely with the ‘I better pass my neighbour generator’. What this means is that a child of about 10 years of age has never seen electricity from the national grid.” “I don’t want to talk about the state of the roads across Ondo State because you are all passing through it on a daily basis. When I was growing up, we used to have some top-notch schools such as Victory College, Ondo Boys High School, Stella Marris, Fiwasaye among others but now Ondo State can no longer compete favourably within the country’s education system. “Ondo State is perhaps the only state out of the six western states that has no sports stadium 44 years after. Ekiti State that is beside us here has one. Ekiti has an ultra-modern Governor’s Office and Governor’s Lodge that can stand at par with those in developed countries. All tourism organizations in Ondo State are history today, ” Oyedele stated.