A 60-year old woman, Mrs. Nkechi Nwafor, has been ordered by an Ejigbo Magistrate Court to be remanded in prison after she sold his younger brother’s house, including vehicles worth N18m. She was said to have carried out the act while the brother was in prison abroad, with hope that the brother would not return to Nigeria. It was reported that her brother, Oliver Maduka, eventually returned after serving his prison term only to discover that his sister, Nkechi, had sold all his property and spent the money. According to the prosecutor, Supol Kenneth Asibor, some of the properties sold included a house at Fabiyi Street, Baruwa area of Ipaja, Lagos, which she allegedly forged the documents to sell, a Nissan Pathfinder SUV, a Toyota Camry car and other properties kept in her care. He explained: “While abroad, Maduka was sending money to his sister, Nwafor, in order to acquire those properties which he entrusted her with. “However, Maduka reportedly had issues and was arrested and jailed, serving several years of imprisonment abroad. “The sister, who is the defendant, started selling his properties in Nigeria with the thought that Maduka would never come back. “Maduka was eventually released and deported. He came back and discovered that all his properties had been sold by Nwafor, who claimed that she felt sick and sold the properties in order to treat herself. “She later brought out N1million remaining from the sale of the properties and gave to Maduka. “Maduka who was surprised at the sister’s deed went to Area D Command to report the matter and Nwafor was arrested and taken to the Command for investigation. “After investigation, the Police found her culpable and charged her before the Ejigbo Magistrate Court for the alleged offence.” At the court, Nwafor pleaded not guilty, the prosecutor then asked the Court to fix a date for hearing to enable the Police to prove that she actually committed the offence. The Presiding Magistrate, Mr. Teslim Shomade, granted her bail in the sum of N18million with two sureties in like sum. She was, however, remanded in prison custody pending the time she would perfect her bail conditions, as the matter was adjourned till February 10, 2020.