The Ogun State Coalition of Civil Society has said any individual who is not in support of the Western Nigeria Security Network, otherwise known as Amotekun, should be seen as a suspect. The group, in an interview with DAILY POST on Thursday, said Operation Amotekun should be embraced by all well-meaning Nigerians, saying it is nothing to worry about. The Chairman of the coalition, Comrade Yinka Folarin, told our correspondent that Amotekun was not meant to protect Yorubas alone, but all Nigerians resident in the South West. Folarin emphasised that “Amotekun will protect the Fulani herdsmen in South West”, assuring them that peaceful coexistence between farmers and herders is important to the operatives of Amotekun. According to him, the right to life is the number one human right, saying Amotekun is out to protect human life. “Anybody who is against Amotekun initiative should be seen as a suspect and all Nigerians should be wary of such character. “The right to life is the number one human right. It is when you have right to life that you can enjoy other fundamental human rights. One would expect that every stakeholder should subscribe to that because Amotekun is out to protect the lives and properties of everyone. “It is important to say that Amotekun will uphold the tenets of human rights and whenever they deviate or go the other way round, we in the civil society will not hesitate to call them to order. We want the Houses of Assembly in the six Yoruba states to enact laws that will strengthen Amotekun,” Folarin said. Speaking on Chief Bola Tinubu’s comment on the security outfit, Folarin maintained that the former Lagos State Governor has not spoken out of order. He said Tinubu had given pieces of advice, while he also declared that Amotekun is never a threat to national unity. Meanwhile, Folarin called on all Nigerians to live peacefully with one another, regardless of tribe, religion or political differences. He charged all Nigerians to be peaceful and law-abiding.