The Peoples Democratic Party in Oyo State has emphasised that Nigeria as a country is governed by the constitution and not by decrees. PDP made this declaration while reacting to a statement credited to the Minister of Justice, Mr. Abubakar Malami where he ordered the state Governors to return the dissolved local government chairmen in the state. But, PDP while reacting, described Malami’s statement as unexpected of the number one legal officer of the Federation. The party in a statement made available to DAILY POST by its Publicity Secretary, Akeem Olatunji reiterate that nowhere in the 1999 Constitution is the President or his agents given the power to withhold funds due to States or Local Government Councils or even the National Judicial Council. “Rather than pokenose into the internal affairs of Oyo State, Mr Abubakar Malami should be more concerned about the Federal Government’s various disregard of judiciary pronouncements and lack of respect for rule of law. “Nigeria as a federation is governed by constitution not by a decree fiat and it’s not anybody’s fault that the drafters of Nigerian Constitution put the control, legislation and supervision of the local governments under the purview of the State governments through the various State House of Assemblies. “What the present Attorney General of the Federation, Malam Abubakar Malami, and his APC cohorts are trying to achieve is purely 2023 political agenda similar to attempt by former Attorney General, Mr Akin Olujimi, SAN, to stop Federal allocations meant for Lagos State through executive fiat. “I want to reiterate that nowhere in the 1999 Constitution is the President or his agents given the power to withhold funds due to States or Local Government Councils or even the National Judicial Council by virtue of the provisions of Section 162 subsection (9) thereof. In other words the President has no supervisory power over the state and the local government councils. “Nigeria as a country is practising federalism not a Unitary system of government, hence the need for separation of power and avoid ridiculous action that can jeopardize the image of Nigeria within the comity of Nations. “Furthermore, the Supreme Court judgement delivered by Justice Muhammadu Lawal Uwais, CJN, on the 10th of December 2004 stated clearly that pursuant to section 162 (5) of the Constitution; if the President or any of his agents has any grievances or whatsoever with any tier of government, he should go to court. “Oyo State PDP as the ruling party is advising APC in Oyo State to look for their savior elsewhere as Mr Abubakar Malami is not constitutional empowered to assist them in foisting illegality on the good people of Oyo State at the grassroots level. “Hence, the Caretaker Chairmen across the 33 Local Councils and 35 LCDAs are enjoined to face the herculean task before them and disregard the former illegal Chairmen who are merely seeking attention”.