The last is yet to be heard on the recent developments over the trial of some suspects in the murder of late head of nursing services, Federal Neuropsychiatric Hospital, Enugu, Mrs. Maria Amadi. This is as a Forum of Lawyers from from Aku, in Igbo-Etiti Local Government Area of Enugu State has risen in condemnation of the ultimatum given to the Enugu State Government by a coalition of civil society groups. DAILY POST reports that a coalition of Concerned Youths in Enugu State had also earlier in the day expressed anger over the ultimatum, warning the CSOs against their planned protest. This came after the CSOs had asked the government to free three of the deceased’s colleagues being held over her murder. However, at a press briefing addressed by the National Chairman of Aku Diewa Lawyers’ Forum, Ochigha Ozor, he warned that the group would not take lightly any attempt to divert attention in the ongoing trial of suspects in the case. He alleged that the media publication by the CSOs “tends to mislead the unsuspecting public on the ongoing trial of the suspects by a court of competent jurisdiction in Enugu.” He added that “Ordinarily, it is subjudice to discuss this issue considering that it is before a law court. “It is quite unfortunate that civil society organisations that are supposed to be champions of constitutionalism, rule of law and fair hearing have made themselves willing tools for cheap blackmail in this case. “It is on record that after the gruesome murder of Dr mrs Maria Amadi, members of Enugu branch of National Association of Nurses and Midwives and Health workers of the Federal Neuropsychiatric Hospital Enugu took to the street of Enugu and Lion Building Enugu demanding that her killers must be brought to book. “Afterwards, the leadership of Aku General Assembly petitioned the IGP demanding for justice on the murder of thier daughter, sister and mother Dr.Mrs Amadi. “The IGP sent a team of IRT personnel that investigated the matter and submitted report. The matter was later charged to court and trial has been ongoing till date. “We ask why the sudden diversionary ultimatum by the so called Civil society groups to Enugu State government? What has the trial of key suspects in a murders case got to do with Enugu state government when the matter is already being tried in court?” Ozor further stated that “the ultimatum by the cso to Enugu Government on this matter is ridiculous, pure blackmail and an attempt to truncate justice. It is clear case of hand of Esau and voice of Jacob. “We have been following the ongoing trial of the case, Enugu State government has no hand or business in it. “We further restate that for all intents and purposes, this matter is subjuduce and as such, no person or group, including Civil Society Organizations (CSOs) are legally expected to make argument/comments regarding a matter already in court. “The publication under reference is an attempt to intimidate the judiciary and it amounts to obstruction of justice.”