Wife of late Basketball legend, Vanessa Bryant has broken silence on the death of her daughter, Gigi, and husband. Bryant, Gianna and seven others died when his helicopter crashed into a hillside in southern California at about 9.45am on Sunday. All other persons on board were killed and the cause of the crash is still under investigation. Vanessa on her Instagram page thanked everyone for their support and prayers towards her family since Kobe’s death. She, however, asked to be given privacy as she and her family go through their new reality. According to her, “I’m not sure what our lives hold beyond today, and it’s impossible to imagine life without them.There aren’t enough words to describe our pain right now. I take comfort in knowing that Kobe and Gigi both knew that they were so deeply loved. “My girls and I want to thank the millions of people who’ve shown support and love during this horrific time. Thank you for all the prayers. “We definitely need them. We are completely devastated by the sudden loss of my adoring husband, Kobe — the amazing father of our children; and my beautiful, sweet Gianna — a loving, thoughtful and wonderful daughter, and amazing sister to Natalia, Bianka, and Capri. “We are also devastated for the families who lost their loved ones on Sunday, and we share in their grief intimately.. “We were so incredibly blessed to have them in our lives. I wish they were here with us forever. They were our beautiful blessings taken from us too soon. I’m not sure what our lives hold beyond today, and it’s impossible to imagine life without them. But we wake up each day, trying to keep pushing because Kobe, and our baby girl, Gigi, are shining on us to light the way. Our love for them is endless — and that’s to say, immeasurable. I just wish I could hug them, kiss them and bless them. Have them here with us, forever. Thank you for sharing your joy, your grief and your support with us. We ask that you grant us the respect and privacy we will need to navigate this new reality. “To honor our Team Mamba family, the Mamba Sports Foundation has set up the MambaOnThree Fund to help support the other families affected by this tragedy. To donate, please go to MambaOnThree.org. “To further Kobe and Gianna’s legacy in youth sports, please visit MambaSportsFoundation.org. “Thank you so much for lifting us up in your prayers, and for loving Kobe, Gigi, Natalia, Bianka, Capri and me.”