Two teachers, a male and a female, have been abducted by gunmen suspected to be kidnappers. The Nation reports that they were abducted while teaching at Obi Primary School at Obi Camp in Avbiosi community Owan West local government area. Witnesses said the gunmen stormed the school at about 10:30 am and ordered six teachers in the school to follow them after shooting sporadically. The witness said four of the six teachers escaped while the gunmen succeeded in taking two away. Speaking through his Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Hassan Otinau, the Chairman of Owan West, Mr. Frank Ilaboya, said security operatives supported by hunters and vigilance group rescued the male teacher at night. He however assured that the female teacher identified as Mrs. Esther Alabi would soon be released. “We won’t relent until Mrs Alabi is released unhurt. We are on top of the situation and there is hope that she will be out in no time. “Our thoughts are with the immediate family at this moment of uncertainty. Yes, we feel their pain, but we just have to keep up the tempo of our search as we did yesterday. “I want to commend the security agencies, the youths and other concerned members of the public who trooped out in their numbers to join hands in the search party. Thank you all for your efforts, it really shows the love that binds us together as a local government. ”Last night, the kidnappers made contact with the family and I personally spoke with Mrs Alabi and urged her to be in good spirits that help was near,” Mr Ilaboya explained further. “We will step up the search party this morning and no stone will be left unturned until the victim is rescued unhurt. ”I believe that with the combined efforts of all, we will get her out in no time “I am personally pained by this ugly situation, where harmless primary school teachers are now targets of kidnappers. “Yesterday was their first day at school after the New Year’s break, and their joy of reuniting with their pupils has been turned upside down. “One thing I want to tell our people is that we will chase and chase these bandits out of Owan West, that is a promise and we won’t compromise on this,” he said.