Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in Michika Local Government Area of Adamawa State, Lawan Andimi, has been declared missing. Andimi’s disappearance followed a foiled attack on Michika LGA by Boko Haram insurgents on Thursday. Speaking on the chairman’s disappearance, the District Head of Michika, Mr Ngida Zakawa, said on Saturday when a delegation of the Adamawa State Government paid a sympathy visit to Michika, that the missing man was last seen among strange individuals. 2. The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) has announced the temporary closure of Port Harcourt International Airport runway. This follows bush burning near the airport. Flights were prevented from landing and taking off from the airport before FAAN closed the facility temporarily on Saturday night. Henrietta Yakubu, General Manager, Corporate Affairs, FAAN, made the announcement in a statement issued in Lagos on Saturday. 3. The President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government through the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, NERC, has approved an increase in electricity tariff by the 11 Electricity Distribution Companies, DisCos, in the country. The directive of the new tariff regime for different DisCos and category of customers was published on NERC website on Saturday. The directive was signed by the NERC Chairman, Prof. James Momoh and Secretary, Mr. Dafe Akpedeye. 4. The Kaduna Police Command has confirmed the death of five persons in the gas explosion at Sabon Tasha in Kaduna metropolis on Saturday afternoon. The Command’s Public Relations Officers, DSP Yakubu Sabo, made the confirmation in a press statement issued in Kaduna. Sabo added that four other persons sustained various degrees of injuries in the incident which occurred after a cylinder exploded at a gas refill shop. According to Sabo, two of the victims were burnt beyond recognition. 5. Suspected killers of Miss Favour Daley-Oladele on Saturday, narrated the gory details of how the final year Sociology student of Lagos State University (LASU) was gruesomely murdered for money rituals at Ikoyi-Ile in Osun. Owolabi’s mother, Ruth was also said to have a played a role in the dastardly act. Owolabi, also a graduate of LASU told newsmen that he conspired with the prophet to murder her girlfriend for money rituals. According to him, he lured the deceased to Ikoyi-Ile and lodged her in a hotel before killing her. 6. The organised labour in Ekiti State has written to Governor Kayode Fayemi to express its disenchantment and outright disapproval over what it called “arbitrary sack of its members”. The labour unions added that most disturbing was the rumour milling rounds that the gale of sack, which had hit the Ekiti State University (EKSU) and Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital (EKSUTH), will blow across all government tertiary institutions, Ministries, Departments and Agencies. The Chairman, Trade Union Congress, Ekiti chapter, Com. Sola Adigun, said the labour deemed the letter highly expedient, owing to the insinuation that Governor Fayemi was not aware of the mass sack in EKSU and EKSUTH. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has said that Nigerians must stop the habit of travelling outside the country for medical treatment. Buhari made this public at the Alex Ekwueme Federal University Teaching Hospital, Abakaliki, during the inauguration and handover of completed projects to the management of the hospital. The Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu who represented Buhari, opined that the country can no longer afford travelling abroad for medicals. 8. US Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo has slammed the UK, Germany and France for not being ‘helpful enough’ following the killing of Iran’s army general Qassem Soleimani by American airstrike. Pompeo expressed his disappointment with the major NATO allies, saying they had not been “as helpful as I wish that they could be.” He, however, identified Israel, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates as countries that had been “fantastic” since the early hours of Friday when Soleimani was assassinated. 9. Somalia’s Al-Shabaab group on Sunday attacked a military base used by US and Kenyan forces in Kenya’s coastal Lamu region. Report claims the attack took place before dawn at the base known as Camp Simba, and “a security operation is ongoing. Details of casualties remain unclear. 10. Atiku Abubakar, former Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate, has cautioned his party on what to focus on, ahead of 2023. The former Vice President urged members of the PDP to concentrate on strengthening the main opposition platform before the 2023 election cycle. In a tweet, Atiku said the opposition party should channel its resources towards enhancing the party’s structure rather than play politics when campaign season was still at least 30 months away.