Kogi State Governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello has warned that his administration would deal ruthlessly with all criminal elements as he would not negotiate with bandits. According to the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Onogwu Muhammed, Bello stated this during the North Central Nigeria Police Regional Security Summit held at Ta’al Conference Centre Lafia, Nasarawa State, on Wednesday. DAILY POST gathered that the security submit was aimed at deliberating and re-strategizing on how to overcome insecurity through community policing in the country. The theme of the summit according to the Chief Press Secretary was: “Strategic Partnership for Effective Community Policing in the North-Central Zone/FCT”. Bello said with the cooperation of the security agencies, traditional rulers and citizens of the state, the state dealt with insecurity which was common place before his administration and haes become one of the safest states in Nigeria today. He said the criminals who have refused to turn a new leaf should not be negotiated with, assuring the Inspector General of police that the governors will stand with him in the fight against criminal elements in the society. Bello said his government had never discriminated against any group of people in the country, adding that those who want to cause unrest will be resisted and treated as criminals. He said his government at some point supported in vaccinating cattle for the Fulanis free of charge which he said was part of efforts in engendering peace and harmony between farmers and pastoralists. Bello, however, said that some bad elements amongst the herdsmen who want to distort the peace of the region and the nation’s peace at large should be dealt with severely. He said the North Central governors and governments will collaborate in terms of security intelligence gathering and form strong synergy to flush out bandits in the region. He urged citizens and community leaders in the North Central region to play leading roles in identifying bad elements in their domain and reporting same to security agencies with a view to routing criminalitiies out of the region. Besides Governor Yahaya Bello, other North Central governors in attendance at the security summit according to the statement include, Engr Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa, Niger Governor Abubakar Sani Bello, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara, Plateau Governor Barr Simon Bako Lalong and Benue State Governor Samuel Ortom. The summit also had in attendance, the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, the DIGs and AIGs in the zone; chairmen, Senate and House Committees on Police Affairs; representatives of other various security agencies, prominent traditional rulers from the region, religious leaders and other critical stakeholders from the North Central geopolitical zone. The statement however added that, 37 bandits and criminals including some who confessed to be part of those that carried out attack on Tawari community in Kogi State early this month, surrendered themselves and their weapon to the law enforcement agencies, were paraded by the police at the venue of the summit in Lafia.