The Zamfara State Police Command has said that the activities of some disgruntled elements to cause security breach in Shinkafi Local Government through a protest against the construction of Police Area Command Office located near a Secondary School in Shinkafi town can’t be accepted. In a press statement signed and issued by the police Public Relations Officer, SP Mohammed Shehu, the Command has uncovered this plan through a post by one Aminu Shinkafi on his Facebook wall, where he was publicly calling on people to come out for the said protest following allocation of land to the police by the Shinkafi Local Government Area to construct Police Area Command Office. The police spokesman noted that apart from his public utterances, intelligence report of his activities indicate that Aminu Shinkafi was being sponsored by some unscrupulous persons to undermine the security of not only Shinkafi but the entire state of zamfara. “Security agencies have placed surveillance on him, and any further development will be communicated to members of the public,” the statement added “For the avoidance of doubt and purpose of clarity, the command further wishes to inform members of the public that the land inside which the construction is taking place was not acquired illegally by the police, it was the local government that allocated the land to the police as the way it allocated to the nearby secondary school. “This gesture by the local government is done to assist the police in the discharge of their duties. However, Shinkafi Emirate is fully aware of the development and had already blessed the work. “No law abiding individual or group will protest the construction of police station in an area like shinkafi where security has become the most paramount aspect of the government and the community” He explained that while some communities are requesting for police stations and their concerned citizens are constructing buildings and donating them as police stations, people like Aminu Shinkafi on reasons best known to them are planning to organize a protest against the building of police station. “This is a total sabotage to the current fight against insecurity in Zamfara State. “Therefore, the command uses this medium to call on the good people of Shinkafi and the state in general to discountenance the call, instead, they should continue to cooperate with the police and other security agencies in a. effort to improve and sustain the relative peace in the state,” SP Shehu said.