Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Boko Haram sect has reportedly executed Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in Michika Local Government Area of Adamawa State, Lawan Andimi. This was made known on Tuesday by Ahmed Salkida, a journalist known to have access to Boko Haram. He revealed that Andimi was beheaded by the insurgents. Nigerian Christians have since reacted angrily to development, blaming the current government for allegedly collaborating with the insurgents to persecute Christians. 2. The Deputy Speaker of Imo State House of Assembly, Okey Onyekanma, has resigned from his position. The lawmaker’s resignation was read by the Speaker of the House during plenary on Tuesday. Onyekanma who is a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, also resigned as the Chairman, House Committee on Rules and Business. He said that he took the decision to resign due to the zoning arrangement in the State. 3. The FCT Police Command has said members of the El-Zakzaky-led Islamic Movement in Nigeria (IMN) attacked security operatives and civilians in Abuja on Tuesday. This was contained in a statement by DSP Anjuguri Manzah, Police Public Relations Officer. The Police said that members went berserk on Tuesday and attacked citizens around the Berger roundabout with dangerous weapons. 4. The Boko Haram insurgents killed Rev. Lawan Andimi, the Michika Local Government Area Chairman of Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) after rejecting a N50m ransom offered them. The insurgents had taken away the local council CAN chairman two weeks ago when they launched an attack on the council headquarters, Michika. The Adamawa State Chairman of CAN, Stephen Mamza, said the insurgents demanded a ransom of £2 million, and rejected an offer of N50 million, threatening to kill the Chairman on Saturday. He said they actually waited till Monday before they carried out the act. 5. The Supreme Court of Nigeria, on Tuesday, affirmed the election of Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State. The candidate of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in the 2019 Guber election, Barr. Emmanuel Jime, had dragged Ortom before the apex court, having lost at the tribunal and court of appeal. But the Supreme Court, in a unanimous judgement led by Justice Sylvester Agwuata, said, “The judgement of the tribunal and Court of Appeal need not to be disturbed”. The court, therefore, upheld the election of Governor Ortom of the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP). 6. Despite the order to the police to ensure no protests held against the ban of Amotekun in the South East, protesters on Tuesday trooped out in all the six states of the South West insisting that the security outfit must continue its operation. The protest held simultaneously in Lagos, Ogun, Oyo, Osun, Ondo and Ekiti. 7. The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed the appeal challenging the election of Ahmadu Fintri as duly elected Governor of Adamawa State. The apex court held that the All Progressives Congress, APC, and its candidate, Jibrilla Bindow, failed to prove their allegation that Fintri emerged through over-voting. The Court of Appeal sitting in Yola had earlier dismissed the appeal filed before it against the election of Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri of Adamawa State. 8. Nine lawmakers of the Imo state House of Assembly, Tuesday defected to the All Progressives Congress, APC. The report claims that more lawmakers in a matter of days will still move to the APC. The defection started around 3:30 pm when the Speaker of the House, read the letters of the decampees at the floor of the House. 9. The Nigerian Army has dismissed the report of killing and abduction of soldiers by Boko Haram terrorists along Gwoza-Bama road in Borno. The Nigerian Army Operations Media Coordinator, Col. Aminu Iliyasu, in a statement on Tuesday, dismissed the claim that 17 soldiers were killed and others kidnapped in a confrontation with the terrorists around Banki Junction along Gwoza-Bama road. He said some international organisations have equally fallen prey to the Boko Haram/Islamic State West Africa Province’s propaganda antics. 10. U.S President, Donald Trump is set to slam travel ban on more countries, including Nigeria, Africa’s biggest nation. A report claims that an announcement is expected on Monday, January 27, exactly three years after Trump signed the original travel ban on January 27, 2017, just a week into his tenure.