Since the return of democratic structures in 1999, Plateau State has remained a theatre of sort, where a number of bizarre and extreme political measures have been experimented; churning outcome in unusual proportion which has continued to threaten and shake it right to its rocky crust. From the declaration of emergency rule in 2004 on the State by the Olusegun Obasanjo led administration, to the lingering ethno-religious unrest that has further marked the State out for about 20 years; the dynamics in the state are not short of a case study for any political analysis. In the first sixteen years of democratic rule since its return in 1999, the PDP had governed the State, from the days of Senator Joshua Dariye, to that of the immediate past Senator representing Plateau North, Jonah Jang. The PDP held sway in Plateau politics and efforts by other parties to challenge them had always failed. Prior to the 2015 general elections in Plateau, there has never been any serious opposition, the opposition becomes strong only during the general elections as 90% of them are usually disgruntled members of the then ruling PDP, who move to the opposition in an attempt to actualize their political ambition. The only time an opposition gave a serious challenge to the then PDP governor was in the gubernatorial election of 2003, where Jonah Jang who had left the PDP for ANPP, lost the seat with just over 6, 000 votes to the then incumbent governor, Joshua Dariye. Though it was alleged that, the PDP rigged the election. However, lingering internal conflict in the PDP has continued since it lost power in 2015. Despite efforts to bring the party under its big umbrella, it never really yielded positive results. The crisis which erupted fully in the Plateau PDP immediately after the 2019 elections in the state had made it difficult for the main opposition party in the state to offer any credible opposition required of it. The crisis began soon after the 2019 governorship election which was won by the incumbent candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Simon Lalong. It all appeared the opposition party, which ruled the state for 16 years before losing to APC in 2015, went into the 2019 election with the confidence that it will reclaim power in the state from APC. But when it became obvious that the opposition party lost the election, the party crisis erupted from within over issues of campaign funds. Some members of the party began to demand for explanations from the state leadership of the party on how the campaign funds were managed. It was reliably gathered that, aggrieved members held that poor management of the campaign funds was solely responsible for the defeat of their party at the polls. They alleged that a larger part of the 2019 campaign funds were diverted for private use and was not used for the success of the party in the election. They also alleged that the diversion of the campaign funds was a deliberate act by the state leadership of the party that led to the failure of the party. The aggrieved party members not only complained within themselves, soon, several petitions were sent to the party’s national secretariat in Abuja asking for a probe of the state party campaign fund running to hundreds of millions of naira. The petitioners directly accused the then state party Chairman, Hon Damishi Sango, and his deputy, Hon Amos Gombi Goyol, of conspiring during the campaign to defraud the party and thereby caused it to lose an election they had brighter chances of winning. Rather than working together as a party to defend their claims to be the winner of the governorship election in court, the party tore itself apart into various camps with some camps in support of the immediate past Chairman, Sango, while others openly came against the party leadership. However, after three months into the conflict, it became obvious that the State party structure could not resolve the internal conflict. So, the National Secretariat took over the party. The PDP National Working Committee (NWC) of the party directed the North Central Zonal Chairman, Hon Theophilus Dakas-Shan, to take over the affairs of the party in the State pending the resolution of the conflict. The NWC also mandated a committee headed by former Senate President, David Mark, to wade into the party crisis in the state and resolve it. After another three months of investigations and reconciliation attempts by the David Mark committee, it was learnt that the committee found that the allegations against Sango were not true and therefore recommended that Sango be reinstated to his office as the substantive Chairman of the party. Meantime, inside sources revealed that the party leadership resolved to apply wisdom where there would be no loser and no winner in the lingering conflict. It was therefore agreed with the consent of all the parties to the conflict that the embattled State Chairman, Damishi Sango, be cleared of the allegations but that he has to resign from his position as chairman. It was also resolved that after his resignation, Sango will become a member of the Board of Trustees (BOT) of the party at the national level, while his deputy, who was also accused of diversion of campaign fund alongside him, will remain as Acting Chairman pending the next congress of the party when another set of executive committee would be elected. After this peace agreement, Sango had on the 5th December, 2019, threw in the towel, by resigning from his position as chairman of the party. He said his action was done in the interest of peace within the party in the state and handed over to his Deputy, Hon. Amos Gombi Goyol, who hails from Plateau Central Senatorial District. Speaking to newsmen in Jos, the party’s governorship candidate, Senator Jeremiah Useni, said in a stakeholders meeting at the party secretariat that, “Sango is no more our State Chairman as directed by the National Secretariat but now a member of PDP Board of Trustees (BOT). Mr. Amos Gombi Goyol, his deputy, is now the Acting Chairman of PDP in the state. According to him, “This was done to settle whatever crisis we were having. Left for us the leaders of the party in the state, there is nothing like PDP I and PDP 2 because we are one big family undivided. “The allegation that Sango collected money from the headquarters for 2019 general elections was not true because three of us signed for whatever stipends given to us by the National Secretariat. So, the insinuations raised against him (Sango) were false and a disservice to him,” he stated. However after the aforementioned, it investigation revealed that despite Sango’s vindication, his promotion to the membership of the party’s BOT and the other reconciliatory appointments may not automatically translate to immediate peace in the state chapter of PDP. This is because the party still has some issues emerging from the reconciliation. For instance, the naming of Senator Jeremiah Useni as the leader of the party in the state and the emergence of Hon Amos Gombi Goyol as the Acting State Chairman of the party have been described by some as two fresh issues that have thrown up fresh grievances. It was reliably gathered that members of the party from Plateau Northern Senatorial District are not particularly pleased with the pattern of resolution adopted by the Senator David Mark committee. Sources from within the party said the Northern zone argued that the position of chairman of the party zoned to them has been taken and given to Plateau Central zone. The Northern Senatorial District, where Sango hails from, are not just complaining, but the State Executive Committee (SEC) members of the Party in the State, had on the 16 December, 2019, removed the Acting Chairman of the Party, Hon. Amos Gombi Goyol and endorsed Hon. Chris Hassan (who was vice chairman Plateau North) as State Chairman of the party. The SEC members said the decision was base on Section 47 (6) of the PDP constitution which stipulates that Plateau North was expected to fill in a candidate for the Chairmanship position. “Sango is from the North based on zoning and he can only be replaced by another member from the North,” said one of the party members who pleaded anonymity. The zone is also contending that from the 2019 elections, it was clear that the zone remains the stronghold of the party and cannot be deprived of its chairmanship slot. “We are the only zone in the state that produced a PDP Senator and two members of House of Representatives and five members of the State House of Assembly, so we own and sustain the party at the moment; this new arrangement is unacceptable to us”. Also, former Governor of the State and life Member, PDP Board of Trustees, Sen. Jonah Jang said the action was based on the constitution of the PDP. “As you are aware, we have being having some little family problem in the PDP that led to the resignation of the State Chairman, and when a Chairman resign, the Deputy Chairman automatically becomes the Acting Chairman. “But the constitution of our party says any member who resigned, the area that brought him will nominate someone to replace him, whatever is his position. We started this process last week by the Northern Zone where the former Chairman comes from and there was a nomination for the replacement. “A letter was written by the Executive Council of the Northern Zone to the State Executive Council (SEC) to informed them that someone has been nominated for the replacement of the former Chairman who resigned and the SEC members met today and ratified the nomination of Chris Hassan as Chairman of the party.” Jang said he was only informed being one of the founding fathers of the party in the country; and that the State Executive Council has gone to the National Secretariat Abuja to submit the name of Chris Hassan as the state Chairman of the party. The new Chairman of the Party, Hon. Chris Hassan said he will complete the tenure of the Northern Zone and ensure that there is unity of purpose in the party ahead of the State Congress where new officials will emerge. However in his reaction to the development, the embattled Acting chairman, Hon. Amos Gombi Goyol, described the action as a coup that will not hold. Gombi said, “You can’t put something on nothing, I received a letter of my appointment as acting Chairman last Friday from the National Secretariat, and if there is anything replacement, they should have allowed me to convene a meeting first and then table it. “The letter is clear that I will be there to conduct Congresses and then go. They have forgotten that this was an agreement before Sango resigned, it will not hold, I learned that they have gone to Abuja”, He stated. Given the aforementioned issues raised, it remains to be seen how far the recent reconciliation efforts would go in bringing lasting peace in the State PDP. The PDP should note that the next general elections is just in three years time; “A stitch in time saves nine”.