The National Film and Video Censors Board (NFVCB) has explained the reason for suspending the screening of the ‘Sugar Rush’ movie. This is following an outrage from Nigerians on social media over the removal of the movie from the cinemas. Nollywood actor and singer, Banke W on his Twitter page begged Nigerians, even as he lamented about the suspension of the movie. “Thank you all SO MUCH for the support that our film “Sugar Rush” has received. Unfortunately, due to issues that are way beyond our control, Sugar Rush has been suspended from playing in Cinemas. “We’re hoping the issues will be resolved quickly, so we can resume screening as soon as possible,” he wrote. Also, Omoni Oboli on her Twitter page wrote: “Bring Sugar Rush back!! Reacting to the outrage, NFVCB in a statement on its Facebook page signed by Alhaji Adedayo Thomas, Executive Director said, ‘Sugar Rush’ was suspended in cinemas because the temporary approval given for the movie exhibition has expired. The Board, however, assured Nigerians that the movie will be back in cinemas soon. In a statement on its official Facebook page, NFVCB wrote: 1. It has come to our notice that #BringBackSugarRush is currently gaining momentum on Twitter with many speculating a ban on the movie “Sugar Rush” and presuming the supposed action as a sign of government’s intention to stifle creativity. 2. This is however not the case as the President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR led administration Aso Rock Villa is rather in support of the creative industry and has been promoting it as one of the avenues to diversify the nation’s economic base. 3. The movie has not just significantly increased box office #revenues within a short period, but has improved our cinematic culture which are sine qua non for attracting the #investment we so much desire as a nation. 4. I however take responsibility for the gap in communication and the delay in granting final approval as the temporary approval given for the movie exhibition expired before we could release an official statement due to my preoccupation with extant responsibilities and backlog of movies requiring approval as a result of the December rush. 5. I am currently working with the distributor, producer, director and key actors to grant final approval for the resumed exhibition at #cinemas. 6. All hands are on deck and we are committed to serving your entertainment needs within the ambits of the law. “