The Pan Yoruba Sociopolitical group, Afenifere on Tuesday, frowned on the order of the federal government for the recruitment of constables for community policing. According to the group during its meeting in Akure, the Ondo State capital, the move was an attempt to subsume Operation Amotekun under the Community Policing scheme of the Nigeria Police. The Inspector-General of the Police, Mohammed Adamu had directed state commands to begin the recruitment of Community Policing officers nationwide In the communiqué read by its National Publicity Secretary, Mr. Yinka Odumakin, Afenifere, urged the Southwest governors to ensure that Amotekun does not operate like existing convention security agencies, but it should only have defined areas of cooperation with the federal government’s security agencies. The Yoruba group, which commended the Southwest governors for their uncommon courage over Amotekun issue, enjoined Senate President, Ahmed Lawan to match his support for multi-level policing with actions. The group also urged the IGP to prevent political unrest in Oyo state over the forceful reinstatement of sacked local government chairmen, advising all parties to allow the court to determine the matter. “Meeting rejected any attempt to subsume Amotekun under the Community Policing scheme of the Federal Government which is just being informants to the Nigerian police. Amotekun should be independent in carrying out the security of residents of South West with defined operational cooperation with the police but not its subordinate. “That while Amotekun has now come to stay there must be no let or hindrance in the pursuit of a federal Nigeria so we can revert to the multi-level policing status of Nigeria of the past which saw the Nigerian Railway corporation having its own police; The group added that “in this regard, we are happy with the Senate President, Senator Ahmed Lawan declaration of support for issues in Federalism especially multi-level policing and we enjoin the National Assembly to see it as the urgent business of now; Meeting commended the South West Governors for standing firm on Yoruba consensus on Amotekun without blinking. They showed they are proper borns. “Meeting condemned in the strongest terms the lawlessness going on in Oyo State over LG dissolution following the call to self- help by the IGP. “We are miffed that the AGF is not appraised of the fact that Section 7 of the constitution which provides for the existence administration and finance of LGs being the duty of states and not the Federal Government. Any pupil lawyer should know that you cannot enforce a judgement a state is not party to on it as every case is an authority for what it decides. “He is forcing a judgement Oyo is not a party to on it. Besides, there are two cases in court on the Oyo LG crisis that the AGF and IGP should have waited for determination before instigating the lawlessness being precipitated in Oyo state. “We commend the State Government for the maturity with which it has handled the master and it is encouraged to continue on that line until the court decides.
The FG shoplift bury its head in shame for being an agent of destabilization once again.” The Afenifere during the meeting attended by some of its leaders, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, Basorun Seinde Arogbofa, Chief Korede Duyile, called on the Nigeria Police to make open report of its investigation on the slain Fasoranti’s daughter, Mrs. Funke Olakunrin who was shot dead seven months ago at Ore axis in Ondo State. “Meeting expressed its disgust with the Nigerian Police Force that almost 7 months after the murder of our Leader’s daughter, the police have stopped any form of investigation into the dastardly act without any briefing to the family. “We are left with no option at this stage than to conclude that she was a victim of political assassination necessitating state cover-up. We challenge the police to do its job on this matter in spite of our disappointment with them. We also invoke her spirit to remain restless until the killers and masterminds of her death are exposed and brought before the temple of Justice,” Afenifere concluded