Following global health challenges with regards to kidneys failures, experts have proffered solution to many of such cases by providing health tips capable of protecting human kidneys. Kidneys are the chief organs of homeostasis in the human body because they are the ultimate regulators of blood composition. Researches have shown that kidneys detoxify the blood, produce hormones and augment red blood cell production, even as they also absorb minerals, drain excess water, and neutralize the pH level of blood. In this report, DAILY POST sort experts advice on habits capable of damaging one’s kidneys. According to Doctor Dave Enem, ” Poor intake of water can be deadly to one’s kidneys or could cause failure of kidneys. According to him, ” Since the kidneys filter blood and remove wastes from the body, reasonable amount of water is important to keep it functional. “Regular intake of water prevents dehydration and toxins from building up in the body. ”It is also the best way to avoid severe kidney stones. ” Let me also say that overdose of painkillers can be very harmful to one’s kidneys. Yes, painkillers can be helpful at the instant, but has sides-effect. ” It has been identified that medications have been found to decrease blood flow to the kidneys, consequently, resulting to chronic kidney disease. ”Salt is another problem to kidneys. Salt causes hypertension and heart disease. What happens is when one takes too much salt, it ends up stressing the kidneys so much and may result in kidney failure. In a similar way, Doctor John Ada said, ”Holding back urine for too long can cause kidney failure. When pressed, go for it. Holding back urine for too long increases the risk of UTI (Urinary Tract Infection), and such exposes the body to extremely harmful bacteria, which may result to kidney failure. ”Consumption of sugary stuff promotes obesity which causes the risk of developing diabetes and High Blood Pressure which are two of the leading causes of chronic kidney disease. ”Consuming too much sugar makes the kidney work harder and this can street it. ”Sleep is important for good health and the kidneys. 6-8 hours sleep is important. ”Kidney replenishes its tissue mostly at night. Poor sleep may cause damage to this organ. ”Sleepless nights may cause high blood pressure and atherosclerosis(blockage of the arteries) which increases the risk of developing chronic kidney disease. According to doctor Philomena Nwaorji ” Excessive protein can cause kidney problems too. Excessive intake of red meat increases the metabolic load on the kidneys which may lead to kidney problems such as acidosis. ”Alcohol consumption has been found to increase the risk of kidney disease. Those with poor drinking and smoking habits have even higher risk of chronic kidney disease. ”High consumption of alcohol causes uric acid to be deposited in the renal tubules. The result will be tubular obstruction. ”Continous sitting without physical activity such as walking, and other exercises will affect glucose metabolism and blood pressure which are the two important factors in maintaining kidney health,” he said.