Former Member of the House of Representatives, Abdulmumini Jibrin Kofa has accepted defeat in the just concluded rerun elections of Kiru/Bebeji Federal Constituency of Kano state, which saw PDP Ali Dati Yako emerge as winner. Kofa through a press statement said ” The Kiru/Bebeji re-run election was held on Saturday 25th January, 2020 as scheduled. My constituents came out en mass to exercise their civic responsibility but were denied their franchise to vote the candidate and party of their choice through the application of maximum force in all the wards of our constituency except my home town of Kofa, Bebeji that proved impenetrable.” He said, ” We know we won the election fairly and squarely but our mandate was stolen.” Kofa, “In many units, elections never took place. The ballot boxes were diverted but scores were miraculously entered. The violence, thuggery and rigging that took place have been carefully documented, at least for posterity.” ” I have strong reservations about the outcome of the elections. However, INEC has announced my opponent as the winner of the election.” He alleged that, “Police, other security agencies and voters can bear witness to the fact that the electoral umpire announced the result not because my opponent had scored the majority of lawful votes. I am sure those of them saddled with the responsibility of ensuring a free and fair election but aided and abated this grave injustice against our people will be eternally trailed by the guilt of their conscience and await the ultimate judgement of God.” “I have therefore accepted the outcome of the elections and wish to congratulate my opponent Aliyu Datti Ahmed who will continue from where I started about a decade ago and has now come to an end. I look forward to working closely with him and giving him whatever cooperation and assistance to settle down in his new role of representing our people. I do not intend to file petition against his declaration as winner. It is time to move on.” Despite the outcome of the election, Kofa promised to continue supporting the progress and development of his party, the APC both at the national and state levels and also at the constituency level.