As each day goes by, man is exposed to more reasons why he should explore his environment, which in turn leads to the increasing level of immigration and emigration activities in today’s contemporary world. By implication, this has led to the birth and development of millions of travel agencies which the emergence ought to be traditionally predicated to assist intending travelers with the necessary guidance. In the Nigeria Travels and Tours Industry today despite the high numbers of fraudulent agencies, a few selected brands have proved beyond doubt to have the integrity in upholding the core tenets of the industry, a case of Zidora Travels and Tours. Zidora Travels and Tours is a brand that poses an unmatchable prospect in standing the test of time. It is a premium brand that is widely recognized (home & abroad) for the impressive success rate it has been able to accomplish over the last six years. From a soccer perspective, simply put that Zidora Travels and Tours is the team that often wins trophies and known for achieving successful heights. Apart from being a national and international record holder in the travel environment, the brand also reflects the primary colours of integrity. Interestingly, Zidora Travels and Tours is one of the few brands that transact with clients not solely for the monetary gain but the company is more keen on providing guidance to actualize travel dreams as many as they come. Thus, being one of the few travel brands that openly and in different types of notification stating its position as having no right to issue visa stamps as against the popular belief promulgated by fraudulent agencies. Also and as earlier noted, Zidora Travels and Tours is a brand that has an impressive growth rate prospects, which can be seen in the increasing numbers of branches across the nation even beyond the edges of the continent. It can also be said that the brand over the years has a domineering presence in all majors services of the Travels and Tours industry, ranging from visa applications, hotel and flight booking, holiday tours and vacation, flight ticket and hotel reservation, foreign education placement, foreign maternity, to mention but a few. Conclusively, from the brand’s reputable integrity, professionalism and expertise, unique organizational structure and client management be it the rumours or justified arguments, it is indeed not a bamboozle of fact to asserts that Zidora Travels and Tours has grown and developed to become one of Africa’s best travel and tours solution provider. With offices in Lekki, Abuja, Okota, Ikeja, Onitsha.
www.zidoraconsults.com/testimonies
08064636763