Imo State Governor, Senator Hope Uzodinma, ex-Governor, Senator Rochas Okorocha and Senator Ifeanyi Ararume have teamed up ahead of Saturday’s Okigwe North rerun election in the State. The political momentum heightened on Wednesday as the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, organised a mega rally in the primary school at Anara junction in Isiala Mbano local government area of the Federal Constituency. The rally witnessed the members of the party, both National and at the State level. Uzodinma, Okorocha, Araraume, as well as the APC National Organizing Secretary, Emma Ibediro and the APC recognized state chairman Marcelenius Nlemigbo were all present at the rally. Miriam Onuoha is the candidate of the APC for the rerun election who is challenging the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s Obinna Onwubuariri. Also present at the rally were son-in-law to Okorocha, and former Imo State Chief of Staff, Uche Nwosu, the House of Representatives member for Njaba/Isu/Nwangele, Ugonna Ozuigbo, the member representing Ohaji/Egbem/Oguta/Oru West Federal constituency, Kingsley Uju, among others. The police were also said to be on ground to provide security before during and after the rerun polls. A statement yesterday by the State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, Orlando Ikeokwu on behalf of State Commissioner of Police, Bolaji Fafowora, said, “The Commissioner of Police, Bolaji Fafowora, in conjunction with all security agencies held a meeting with INEC REC, candidates, political parties and stakeholders. “The CP on behalf of all the security agencies, assures all present of the Security Agencies readiness to provide safety and security to all stakeholders before during and after the election, he advised them to play by the rules and avoid all forms of electoral malpractice and offences. “The INEC REC, Professor Francis Chukwuemeka Ezeonu, also pledged to be neutral and promised to conduct the election in line with international best practices, he further assured the house of the Commission’s readiness to conduct the election come Saturday 25/01/20. “The chairman of the state Inter-party Advisory Committee IPAC, Mr. Ben Duru Commended the Police and other security agencies for their professional and exemplary conduct during the general election, he charged them not to relent but to consolidate and improve on such achievement come Saturday. “Consequently, there was an interactive session and contributions from stakeholders and representatives of various political parties present. “Finally, candidates/representatives signed an undertaking to be peaceful before, during and after the elections.”