An aged man, one Chibueze Iduma, who hails from Amaofia Ngbo community in Ohaukwu LGA of Ebonyi State, was on Thursday, remanded in Prison custody for allegedly killing his own father as a result of a quarrel over cooked yam. DAILY POST gathered that the suspect and his father, Mr Emmanuel Oba Iduma, whom he allegedly killed, had some altercations over cooked yam, when the incident took place. The accused, was said to have cooked a piece of yam, left same in the house to see a friend, in the area, only to return to find out that the father had eaten the yam. An eyewitness who spoke to journalists said, “While they quarrelled over the cooked yam, the father had hit the son with his walking stick, and in retaliation, the son hit him back, he then fell down and died.” It was further gathered that the accused person allegedly committed the offense at Amaofia Ngbo community, in the Ohaukwu Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, on December 20, 2019. The suspect was arraigned before the Magistrate’s Court, sitting in Abakaliki, Capital of Ebonyi state on one count charge bordering on murder. The Police Prosecutor, Inspector Chinedu Mbam, told the court that the offence was punishable under section 319 (1) of the Criminal Code Cap. 33, Vol. 1, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009. The charge read, “That you Chibueze Iduma ‘m’, on the 20th day of December, 2019, at Amaefia Ngbo village, in the Ohaukwu Local Government Area, under the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court, did unlawfully cause the death of one Emmanuel Oba Iduma ‘m’, by hitting him with walking stick and thereby committed an offense punishable under section 319 (1) of the Criminal Code Cap. 33, Vol. 1, Laws of Ebonyi State of Nigeria, 2009.” In her ruling, the Chief Magistrate, Blessing Chukwu, said the court lacked the jurisdiction to entertain the matter. She, therefore, directed that the accused person be remanded at the the Nigerian Correctional Centre, Abakaliki, while his case file should be transferred to the Diretor of Public Prosecutions in the state, for necessary advice. The matter was adjourned till January 29, 2020, for report of compliance.