A student of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Unizik, in Anambra State, has been confirmed the first lassa fever patient in the state. DAILY POST learnt that the state Emergency Response team moved the patient to Abakaliki, Ebonyi state for quarantining to ensure decontamination. The Lassa fever case from Unizik was confirmed on Friday at Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, COOUTH The Hospital management said the patients’ specimen had been collected and sent to Irruah, Edo state and the result came back positive However, the Acting Chief Medical Advisory Council CMAC of COOUTH, Dr Ifeanyichukwu Ezebialu, who signed the circular, said there was no cause for alarm Meanwhile, Anambra state Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala says the state was ready to contain the disease, as “everything had been put in place”. Addressing reporters yesterday at the Anambra state Health Insurance Agency ASHIA in Awka, Okpala said the state was following the federal government guidelines. “A few days ago, the state’s Health Emergency Response Team responded to the notification of a suspected case of Lassa fever” “We followed the national guidelines in managing the case, from isolation and sample collection to sample testing” “The result of the laboratory testing came out positive for Lassa fever. With this development, the state now has an index case” “The case was safely transported to Viral Center in FETHA, Abakaliki. The Emergency Response Team has successfully decontaminated that isolation ward which accommodated the index case” “In continuation of the state’s response to the index case, the state activated the Public Health Emergency Operations Center (PHEOC) on Wednesday, 29th January 2020. The center is operating under the direction of the national coordination center” “We have constituted four contact tracing teams in different locations for the listing and follow-up management of contacts of the case” “The team has started contact listing. We have also conducted active case search at COOUTH Awka and NAU Medical Center” “We want to reassure the citizens of the state that we are prepared for an emergency situation” “The State Ministry of Health and its partners in the Emergency Operations Center have taken all the necessary precautions for managing the situation. Everything is under control” “As citizens of the state, we need to be aware of the basic measures to take to protect ourselves in our homes, schools, markets, places of worship, etc. “We are at alert and fully prepared to respond to any outbreak of Lassa fever in the State. We have investigated and will continue to investigate rumors of outbreaks” the Commissioner said.