The traditional ruler of Ndikelionwu community in Orumba South Local Government Area of Anambra State, and author of ‘The Bottled Leopard’, Professor Chukwuemeka Ike has died at the age of 89. The Anambra State commissioner for information, Mr C Don Adinuba confirmed this in a short message. Several sources also confirmed that the monarch, author and teacher passed away on Thursday at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital, Nnewi. Adinuba said, “Goodnight, Prof Chukwuemeka Ike (1931-January, 9, 2020). We all drank from the fountain of The Bottled Leopard as students to assuage our curiousity for mystery. We were stunned by the shenanigans of Expo ’77 and thrilled, to no end, by Sunset at Dawn. “As you join your ancestors, let’s pray you never stumble from The Chicken Chasers or undone by Conspiracy of Silence. Adieu, a great man of letters, a king who wore humility like a robe.” Some indigenes of the community, who spoke to DAILY POST, however, refused to comment on the news, saying it was incumbent on the elders of the community to break the news. An Indigene of the community, Mr Roy Uzo said, “I am an Indigene of the community, and I have not heard of it, neither do I know if he has been sick before now. I can not tell you it’s true or not, but we believe if it is, the council of elders in the community will reveal that officially, soon.” Another member of the community who preferred not to be named said the monarch has been down in health for a long time after a controversy which involved his grand son. “You should have heard of it then. It was in the news, both as advertorial and as news. That incident left our monarch feeling bad since last year (2019),” he said. Prof Ike, was born on 28, 1931 in Anambra state, to Mr Charles and Dinah (Ezeani) Ike. He married Adebimpe Olurinsola Abimbolu, a librarian, professor of library science, and educational administrator. He is the author of ‘Bottled Leopard’, ‘Toad for Supper’ and other classic works of literature.