Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Federal Government has taken delivery of two fighter helicopters to boost the ongoing fight against insurgency and banditry in the country. The Chief of Air Staff, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar, who disclosed this when he briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of the meeting of Security Council at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, on Friday, also announced that additional fighter helicopters and other military hardware would be supplied to the nation’s armed forces to enhance their capacity in the battle fields. 2. A lawyer, Malcolm Emokinovo Omirhobo, on Friday, filed a suit at a Federal High Court in Lagos, to challenge the declaration of Amotekun as illegal by the Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami. Joined as defendants in the suit are President Muhammadu Buhari, Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, the National Assembly, Inspector General of Police, The Army, Navy and Air Force. 3. The main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Thursday alleged that the Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, Tanko Mohammad was under instructions by the presidency to remove the party’s governors in Imo, Bauchi, Adamawa, Sokoto and Benue states. The party’s National Chairman, Uche Secondus, who made these allegations while addressing newsmen at the party’s headquarters in Abuja, also said that Mohammad has lost credibility and respect of all well-meaning Nigerians. 4. Newly sworn-in Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, has ordered the suspension of all contracts awarded before his resumption of office. According to Uzodinma, this is in view of nefarious activities of “some government functionaries entering into contract agreements on behalf of the government without reference to the newly-sworn in governor.” 5. The Leader of Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) on Friday announced that he will attend his parents’ burial slated for February 14, 2020. IPOB spokesperson, Emma Powerful who confirmed this in a statement on Friday, said they will be buried according to their customs and traditions. 6. Lagos State Government has emphasised its policy on restriction of Okada and tricycle operations on major highways and bridges, as it commences installation of 2,000 prohibition signs across the state. According to the government, the exercise was a renewed effort towards creating awareness on the Lagos State Traffic Laws on restricted areas for the operation of motorcycles, popularly called Okada and tricycles known as Keke. 7. Men of the Joint Military Task Force (JTF), code named Operation Delta Safe (ODS), Friday, invaded the Bilabiri community in Ekeremor Local Government Area, Bayelsa State, which led to the killing of key suspect in the murder of Four Naval rating a fortnight ago . Report said the attack, which was launched in the morning forced some residents to flee into the creeks for safety, and some parts of the community were burnt during the search for some suspects. 8. Former Senator representing Kaduna Central Senatorial district and civil rights activist, Shehu Sani, has sued the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for unlawfully detaining him for nearly three weeks. The document filed before Justice A. B. Mohammed of the Federal High Court, Gudu, Abuja, indicated that the hearing would begin on Monday 20th January, 2020. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has departed Abuja for London, to take part in the inaugural UK-Africa Investment Summit holding on January 20. Buhari performed some official assignments, including his meeting with security chiefs, before flying out of the country. 10. The Zamfara State Police Command has debunked claims by residents of Babban Rafi community in Gummi Local Government area, that 28 persons were killed in the community by bandits as against the confirmed 14 persons. A statement by the command confirmed that 14 died following an attack on a remote Village of Babban Rafi in Gummi local Government area of the state near Danko in Kebbi State.