The Governors of Sokoto and Bauchi States, Aminu Tambuwal and Bala Mohammed respectively, have hailed their Rivers counterpart, Nyesom Wike’s achievements. Both Governors spoke at the 2020 Rivers State New Year Banquet at the Government House Port Harcourt on Wednesday night. Tambuwal commended Rivers people for standing firm to defend their mandate, in the face of plots to rig the election in the State during the 2019 governorship polls. “We commend the good people of Rivers State for standing firm in 2019 to defend their mandate. You stood for democracy and you stood for Rivers State. “We monitored what happened. We took note of how Rivers people collectively stood for democracy”, Tambuwal said. The Sokoto State Governor said that the same Major Mustapha who attempted to rig Rivers election was exported to Sokoto State after the election was declared inclusive, but he also failed. He said Nigeria will continue to wax stronger as long as leaders remain committed to good governance. He said: “When you talk about governance and performance across the country, the name of Governor Nyesom Ezenwo Wike continues to come up.” On his part, Senator Bala Mohammed said that the government and people of Bauchi State always come to show solidarity because of the contributions of Governor Wike to national development and good governance. “He is kind and has always provided the rallying point for people of this generation to discuss the development of this country”, he said. He said that the Rivers State Governor has become the new face of leadership in Nigeria. He said that Rivers State is lucky to have Governor Wike at this time of its history. The Bauchi State Governor noted that Governor Wike represents the best in terms of leadership in the state. Senator Mohammed said that the Niger Delta is critical to balance of power. He said that the zone that lays the golden egg is key to the development of the country. “We cannot play with the Niger Delta because it is the goose that lays the golden egg. It is important to the politics of the country”, he said.