There was uproar in major areas of Lagos State as Task Force has commenced arresting commercial motorcycles and tricycles even before the February 1st take off announced by the government. Many commercial motorcycle and tricycle drivers were seen crying, lamenting over the forceful seizure of their bikes. Some said they got the bikes on credit and that they have not paid for their bikes, saying they were taken unaware as the February 1st announced by the government has not reached. Barely some hours after the media report on Monday that the Lagos State Government has announced that starting from February 1st, 2020, it would ban commercial motorcycles and tricycles in some six local government areas and nine local council development areas, the Lagos Task Force stormed Alakuko, Alagbado in Ojokoro LGA of Lagos state (which is not part of the restricted areas) and arrested about 32 Okada and 18 tricycles. On Tuesday, the Task Force continued their raid in Ikeja and Agege, carting away many motorcycles and tricycles. On Monday, the Lagos state government has announced embargo on the operations of commercial motorcycle and tricycles in six local government areas and nine local council development areas starting from February 1st, 2020. A statement by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Mr. Gbenga Omotosho, said the government took the decision to ban the operation of Okada and tricycles due to the havoc they cause in those communities. The statement reads: “After a robust assessment of the debate on what has been widely referred to as the Motorcycle (Okada) and Tricycle (Keke) Menace, the Lagos State Government and the State Security Council have decided that the security and safety of lives of Lagosians are paramount. The figures are scary. “From 2016 to 2019, there were over 10,000 accidents recorded at the General Hospitals alone. This number excludes unreported cases and those recorded by other hospitals. The total number of deaths from reported cases is over 600 as at date. “The rate of crimes aided by Motorcycles (Okada) and Tricycles (Keke) keeps rising. Motorcycles (Okada) and Tricycles (Keke) are also used as getaway means by criminals. “Therefore, after consultations with stakeholders, the State Security Council, in compliance with the extant Transport Sector Reform Law 2018, has decided to commence enforcement of the law which bans the operation of Motorcycles (Okada) and Tricycles (Keke) in the following Local Governments (LGs) and Local Council Development Areas (LCDAs): Apapa LG and Apapa Iganmu LCDA Lagos Mainland LG and Yaba LCDA Surulere LG, Itire-Ikate and Coker-Aguda LCDAs Ikeja LG, Onigbongbo and Ojodu LCDAs Eti-Osa LG, Ikoyi-Obalende and Iru/Victoria Island LCDAs Lagos Island LG and Lagos Island East LCDA “The full enforcement begins on February 1, 2020. “This is the first stage of the State Government’s plan to sanitize our roads and protect Lagosians from the negative effects of these illegal modes of transportation. The Law is very clear. Motorcycles (Okada) and Tricycles (Keke) are banned on all highways, bridges and the listed roads. Major Highways 1. Lagos-Ibadan Expressway 2. Apapa-Oshodi Expressway 3. Oworonshoki-Oshodi Expressway 4. Lagos-Ikorodu Expressway 5. Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway 6. Third Mainland Bridge 7. Eti-Osa/Lekki-Epe Expressway 8. Lagos-Badagry Expressway 9. Funsho Williams Avenue 10. Agege Motor Road 11. Eti-Osa Lekki Coastal Road Bridges 1. Iyana- Ipaja Bridge Agege 2. Dopemu Bridge Agege 3. Airport/Ikeja Bridge 4. Agege Motor road/oshodi Loop, Oshodi 5. Mushin/Isolo Link Bridge 6. Dorman Long Bridge 7. Ojuelegba Bridge 8. National Stadium Flyover 9. Apapa-Iganmu Bridge 10. Apapa-Ijora Link Bridge 11. Liverpool Bridge, Apapa 12. Mile 2 Bridge-Loop, Amuwo-Odofin 13. Okota (cele)/Ijesha Link Bridge 14. Apakun/Apapa-Oshodi Bridge Network 15. Ikorodu Road/Anthony Clover leaf Bridge 16. Trade Fair Flyover Bridge 17. Trade Fair Flyover Bridge 18. Festac/Amuwo-Odofin Link Bridge 19. 2 Flyover Bridges along Alhaji Masha Road 20. Ojota Clover leaf Bridge 21. Ogudu Bridge 22. 3rd Mainland Bridge 23. Maryland flyover 24. Ikeja General Hospital Flyover Bridge 25. Kodesoh Bridge, Oba Akran, Ikeja 26. Opebi Link Bridge 27. Sheraton-Opebi Bridge 28. Jibowu/Yaba flyover Bridge 29. Carter Bridge, Lagos 30. Bariga-Ifako Bridge 31. Apapa-Oshodi Expressway/Alapere Bridge 32. Bariga/Oworonsoki Bridge 33. Apapa-Oshodi Expressway/Gbagada U-Turn 34. Apapa-Oshodi Expressway/3rd Mainland Bridge 35. 3rd Mainland/Oworonsoki Bridge 36. Eko Bridge 37. Apongbon flyover Bridge 38. Cowry Bridge (Officers Mess) 39. Mcwen Bridge (Bonny Camp) 40. Marina/Ikoyi Bridge 41. Ikoyi/Obalende Bridge Law enforcement agents have been directed that with effect from February 1, 2020, there will be Zero Tolerance for Motorcycles (Okada) and Tricycles (Keke) in (on) the listed Local Governments, highways and bridges. Members of the public are hereby notified that all offenders and violators will be dealt with in accordance with the Law.