One Joshua Adetutu has been arraigned before Ejigbo magistrate court for attempting to chop off his mother’s private part with a knife, claiming he suspected her of committing adultery. The incident happened at Odubanjo Street, off Governor’s Road, Ikotun area of Lagos, where his mother, Mrs. Jennet, resides with her own mother. It was gathered that Joshua locked his mother inside the room, held her hostage and then brought out a knife to chop off her private part after he reportedly pushed her down to carry out the act. However, Jennet was lucky after their neighbours came to her rescue and then contacted Police from Area M Command, Idimu, Lagos. According to the Prosecutor, Supol Kenneth Asibor, Joshua was arrested and detained at the Command for interrogation. While being interrogated, he claimed that his mother was disgracing him and does not respect herself in the area. It was learnt that Jennet married and had Joshua with other children before she separated from her husband and started living on her own. Then Joshua was living with his father before he allegedly defrauded the father and was remanded in Badagry prison. The mother, Jennet rallied round, got him released and he started living with her and his grandmother. The prosecutor said it was while living with his mother that he discovered that she was having male visitors, who he suspected were sleeping with her. “When it became unbearable, he attempted to chop off the mother’s private part which has landed him in trouble. “The police found his action culpable and charged him before the Ejigbo Magistrates Court for the alleged offence.” He pleaded not guilty and the prosecutor asked that since he pleaded not guilty, the court should give a date for hearing to enable the police to prove that he actually committed the offence. The Presiding Magistrate, Mr. Teslim Shomade, granted him bail in the sum of N50,000 with one surety in like sum. He was remanded in prison custody pending when he would perfect his bail conditions as the matter was adjourned till February, 26 2020.