Barcelona have confirmed that forward, Alejandro Marqués has left the club to join Juventus for 8.2 million euros. The Catalan club also announced the signing of Brazilian midfielder, Matheus Pereira on loan from French Ligue 1 side, Dijon. Barcelona made this known in a statement on their official website on Saturday. The statement read: “FC Barcelona have been active in the transfer market, with Barça B’s Alejandro Marqués joining Juventus for 8.2 million euros, and Brazilian midfielder, Matheus Pereira, joining the Blaugranes on loan from Dijon until June 30, 2020. A purchase option exists for the latter transfer. The 22-year-old Pereira, who has played in the French First Division this season, passed his medical on Friday and signed his new contract at the Johan Cruyff Stadium in the presence of the manager responsible for Barça B, Silvio Elías, and technical secretary, Jose Mari Bakero. “Born in Sao Paulo (February 25, 1998), Matheus Pereira da Silva is a midfielder who stands out for his touch and late arrivals into the area. He’s been followed by Barça for a long time, first joining Empoli in Italy’s Serie B in the summer of 2016 before subsequently being loaned to Juventus. Thereafter, further loan spells came at Girondins de Bordeaux (Ligue 1), Paraná Clube and Dijon. In 2018/19, however, Pereira played for Juve’s youth side in Serie C, for whom he scored five goals. He also debuted with the first team, playing three games. “Alejandro Marqués leaves Barça after three years. The Venezuelan striker joined the U19B side from Jàbac Terrassa and he exploded onto the scene during the 2017/18 season. He was instrumental in the league and the UEFA Youth League double for the U19A team, scoring four goals in the latter competition, two of which came in the final against Chelsea (3-0). His progression earned him his debut with Barça B that same season. For the U19A team he scored a total of 19 goals in 22 games: Three in the Youth League, 13 in the league and three in the Copa del Rey. “He was still part of the U19A side last season, but spent the majority of the campaign with García Pimienta’s Barça B. He scored his first professional goal on the last day of the league season, before making the jump up to Barça B full time in 2019/20, a campaign in which he has played a total of 11 games, three as a starter. The club wishes him the best personal and sporting successes in the future.”