Tottenham Hotspur boss, Jose Mourinho has hit back at Inter Milan manager, Antonio Conte following his comments on Spurs playmaker, Christian Eriksen. Conte had talked about the possibility of signing Eriksen in this January’s transfer window because the midfielder’s current contract with Tottenham will expire in the summer this year. The Italian gaffer, who on Friday signed defender, Ashley Young from Manchester United, said in the Italian press: “Eriksen? We have to go to people who have already had a career, who are at the end of their contracts.” But Mourinho feels Conte has stepped out of line by discussing Eriksen, adding that the Inter boss should not speak about the Denmark international until he becomes his player. Speaking at his pre-match press conference on Friday ahead of Tottenham’s Premier League clash with Watford on Saturday afternoon, Mourinho told reporters: “I think Antonio, he has said publicly. “I think we coaches, we should all behave in the same way in relation to transfers. “I know that for you it is not the best way. But I think we should always be closed, until something really happens. “So when you ask me about player A, B or C, like when I was asked about three players, how can I speak about three players that are not my players? “I think we should always be protective. Nothing, nothing. When I see people with responsibilities, speaking about Eriksen. “I think we shouldn’t speak about players from other clubs until they become our players I think we shouldn’t speak about players from other clubs. “You ask me about Gedson (Fernandes) since the moment Gedson’s name was on the screen: goes to West Ham, goes to Tottenham. “You ask me if he comes, if he doesn’t come, I told you nothing. I have nothing to say about it. I think that’s the best way. “You protect everybody, you protect the clubs, you protect the player, you protect everything.” DAILY POST had reported that Eriksen has agreed on a personal term with Inter Milan to join Antonio Conte’s men in this January’s transfer window. The 27-year-old’s current deal at Tottenham will expire at the end of the season. Eriksen has scored 69 goals in over 300 appearances for Mourinho’s side since joining the club from Ajax in 2013.