The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) Kaduna State chapter, on Thursday, disowned a self-aclaimed pastor who faked his kidnap at Trikaniya and Kudandan areas, in Chikun Local Government Area of the State. The state CAN through its Chairman, Rev. Joseph Hayab in a statement in Kaduna on Thursday, said the suspect is not a pastor, as claimed. DAILY POST recalls that the Kaduna State Police Command, had on Wednesday arrested a self aclaimed ‘Pastor’ and his accomplice for faking his kidnap and later, demanding a 5m Naira ransom from his family. However, CAN chairman said on hearing of the kidnap story, the association officials immediately swung into action and discovered to their chagrins that Clement was not a pastor after all. Hayab said the association would never harbour or spare any of its pastor that commit crime in state, saying the CAN was ever ready to support the police to carry out their statutory responsibility. The cleric in a statement commended the efforts of the command in fishing out fake pastors such as Clement, urging the police to dig further with the view of apprehending and exposing others in the habit of defrauding unsuspecting members of the public. His words: “Any pastor or Christian who fakes his kidnap or is confirmed to have any dirty business to do with kidnappers should be arrested and prosecuted. “Kidnappers have caused us pain and sorrow and our faith and Association will not support or defend evil. “I have checked and come to know that this man that was arrested for faking his kidnap and some of his collaborators do not pastor any church. “Some of them are roadside artisans who are claiming to be clergies when their businesses are not moving well. How can a true Pastor plan to defraud his family by faking his kidnap? This is unchristian and no culture in our dear country support such evil behaviour. “We salute our security for arresting him and exposing people like him. We hope and pray they will go after more bad eggs in our community and arrest them. “This will help to sanitize the community and separate good from Evil. We are appealing to our members and the general public to help in exposing people with dubious attitudes around them.” He said.