Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Nigeria and the Island of Jersey will soon sign an agreement with the United States Government for the repatriation of 321 million dollars looted by former Head of State, late Gen. Sani Abacha. The Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, who made the disclosure when he briefed State House correspondents on the outcome of the meeting of the Federal Executive Council (FEC), said the funds which will be repatriated from the Island of Jersey within three months will be deployed for the construction works on Lagos to Ibadan highway in the southwest, Abuja to Kano in the North and a Second Niger bridge across the Niger River in the eastern part of the country. 2. Minority leader of the Nigeria Senate, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe on Wednesday called for the resignation of President Muhammadu Buhari, saying that the All Progressives Congress has failed Nigerians. Enyinnaya Abaribe in his contribution to the motion sponsored by the Senate leader, Yahaya Abdullahi on national security said, President Muhammadu Buhari has been lying to Nigerians that Boko Haram has been defeated. 3. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has backed the call by the Senate Minority Leader, Senator Eyinnaya Abaribe, asking President Muhammadu Buhari to resign. Kola Ologbondiyan, PDP National Publicity Secretary, in a statement on Wednesday, said it supported the call because Buhari had displayed a disheartening dereliction of duty. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari faulted the demand for his resignation by Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe and others. A statement Wednesday night by presidential spokesman, Garba Shehu, said the call does not represent the opinion of the country. He said this is the opinion of an armchair critic, known for making stray comments. 5. Electricity workers under the aegis of the National Union of Electricity Employees (NUEE) have given a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government to implement the agreement they signed last month with the government. Its General Secretary, Mr Joe Ajaero, at a news conference on Wednesday in Lagos, said that if after the ultimatum the issues were not addressed, the union would resume its suspended industrial action without further consultation. 6. The Speaker of Edo House of Assembly, Francis Okiye, on Wednesday, debunked the allegation that Gov. Godwin Obaseki induced the crisis rocking the assembly and the All Progressives Congress (APC). Okiye in a news conference held in Benin City was reacting to a claim by the former Secretary to the State Government, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, that the governor’s mishandling of the assembly proclamation caused the crisis in APC. 7. Gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have abducted the 82-year-old mother of the Chairman of the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO) and business mogul, Sehinde Fadeni. The victim, Alice Fadeni was abducted from her residence situated at Okeriota area of Ode Aye, in Okitipupa Local Government Area of Ondo State. 8. Eleven persons including the Village Head of Tudun Doki in Gwadabawa LGA, Alhaji Hayatu Ardo have died in a road crash, which occurred along Gwadabawa-Illela road in Sokoto state. Mr. Garaba Kanya, the Public Relations Officer of Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) Sokoto Sector Command, told newsmen on Wednesday that the accident, which occurred on Monday night, involved a commercial Toyota Avensis car conveying 11 persons which skidded off the road and hit some trees when the driver lost control. 9. Hundreds of farmers from over 12 villages in Oja Odan community and its environs in Yewa North Local Government Area of Ogun State have taken to the street to protest the alleged incessant attacks by suspected herdsmen raping their daughters and the wanton destruction of their farm crops by their grazing cows. The grieving farmers, who took their protest march on Wednesday to the Palace of the traditional ruler of the area, the Eselu of Iseluland, Oba Akintunde Akinyemi, alleged that one of them was killed last week by violent herdsmen, who also cruelly chopped off one of the hands of the murdered man’s son. 10. Ahead of the February 29 Local Government Election in Enugu State, a major crisis has hit a faction of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the State. Reports said members of the faction loyal to the foreign affairs minister, Mr. Geoffrey Onyeama are now singing discordant tunes.