A broadcaster, with the Cross River State Broadcasting Corporation (CRBC), radio and television services, Mr Peter Okon Etim, has not been found twelve months after he was kidnapped. Mr Etim was abducted in the early hours of January 11th 2019 in front of his house by unknown gunmen on his way to work at the TV station A staff of the station who pleaded anonymity said “He was the one on morning duty on the said day he was kidnapped. Suspected kidnappers captured him while he drove out of his house in Calabar South local government area of Cross River State. In a procession to mark one year of his abduction, Alexandra Etim said his father was taken away by unknown persons (kidnappers) at the gate of his house at Chambly Street as he was about to set out for work at his beloved CRBC . ”It’s been one year of several unanswered questions, pains, trauma, high expectations and indeed we still continue to expect the return of our dear father, brother and friend. There is still no word, no details, no breakthrough and no pleasant news about what happened to Peter-Tex. “In the last one year, we have engaged the law enforcement and security agencies in the state in search for what happened to Peter-Tex. The state government, the Nigerian police (anti kidnapping), the DSS have all been helpful in trying to resolve this crime and we commend them for their efforts so far. “But it’s been one year without our family head, our breadwinner, husband, father, brother, friend and colleagues. It’s still unknown what has happened to him, is he still alive, if not where are his remains, who are the people who carried out this criminal operations; are they still walking the streets of Calabar and the state free?. “What can we do as a family to turn the page on this matter, should we believe that a man is taken away forcefully and in active service to his state and one year after, no trace, so many unanswered questions. “We renew our call on the state government, the security agencies and his media colleagues to intensify efforts to resolve the case of the disappearance of Peter-Tex. “The state government which is responsible for security of lives and property should help us deploy it’s machinery and resources to bring Peter-Tex back, especially when it is recalled that he was a broadcaster with the state owned CRBC and on active duty when this strange one year old kidnap incident happened. “We need closure on this matter; Peter-Tex was a gentleman servant of the people on the airwaves and wouldn’t hurt a fly. Please help us resolve the matter of Peter-Tex. God bless you all” the son stated. Receiving the procession in his office at IBB Way in Calabar, the General Manager of CRBC Mr Eniang Ndem said Petex Etim’s story of kidnap was a mystery, ”’it is a mystery to everyone, that people have been kidnapped and are released but that of Perex Etim is still baffling us to what it turned out to be. “This is one year since he was kidnapped but nothing has been said about it, nobody knows the actual story. Its saddened us as his professional colleagues, he was a front line broadcaster, he was very talented, he touched the lives of many people in his songs and in everything he did but when he was kidnapped everywhere went silent. “We asked questions what is going on, what can we do in the circumstance in CRBC. We were told that we should play down because we have a radio and a television that we would have been shouting everyday, we were advised to play down so that his life will not be in danger. “And the thing kept lingering, lingering and lingering, it is unfortunate, we do not know whether he is still alive or dead. Its saddened us that our society has degenerated to this level, one of our staff again, Glory Otu was kidnapped, the family rally around put head together and get her release. He called on the government, security agencies to unravel this mystery the kidnap of Peter Etim, “He cannot just disappear like that, they should come out with a clue to unravel this mystery: he appealed.