Some people suspected to be political thugs, on Wednesday abducted the Chairman of Afijio Local Government area of Oyo State, Hon. Samuel Aderemi. DAILY POST gathered that the Chairman, who is one of those sacked by Governor Seyi Makinde last year, was abducted by scores of rampaging thugs who stormed the council in Jobele, when the Chairman resumed office. It was gathered that the rampaging thugs stormed the council Secretariat in an attempt to prevent the sacked Local government chairmen and councillors under the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) from resuming their offices. Aderemi, after being beaten to stupor by the hoodlums, was whisked away in a bus to an unknown destination. He was later rescued after two hours by security agents. Chairman of the sacked Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), Ayodeji Abass-Aleshinloye confirmed the kidnap of the council boss to DAILY POST Wednesday night. Abass-Aleshinloye added that Aderemi is presently recuperating in an undisclosed hospital. It was gathered that violence was also recorded in Ibadan North, Ibadan North East Local Governments and Omi Apata Local Council Council Development Authority ( LCDA) where thugs had a field day, causing mayhem, while security agents, comprising of the police and men of Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps (NSCDC) were on ground to prevent a breakdown of law and order. Injuries were inflicted on party members of the APC and PDP who engaged in free for all. DAILY POST gathered that trouble started on Monday when the sacked chairmen and councillors made good their threat to resume their various offices within the 68 local government and LCDA secretariats. Makinde shortly after his inauguration in May last year, dissolved the chairmen and asked them to hand over to the most senior career officer in their respective councils, after about eight months of legal battle with the state government. The council chairmen were elected on May 12, 2018 in local government election conducted by former Governor Abiola Ajimobi.