The Deputy- Governor of Bayelsa State, Rear Admiral Gboribiogha John Jonah (rtd) has finally opened up on his noticeable absence during the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) campaigns and the last Governorship election which produced the APC candidate,Chief David Lyon as Governor-elect. According to Rear Admiral Gboribiogha John Jonah (rtd), his absence was due to his sudden illness that necessitated the Seven and half hour surgery carried on him abroad. He made this revelation during a thanksgiving service held on Sunday at the Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministry, Okaka, Yenagoa. He also stated that despite his ailment and recovery, he has come to serve Bayelsa after his service in the military and would be leaving office happy for a record of service. The event, which brought together chieftains of the PDP and the APC for the first time since the governorship elections, particularly those from Bayelsa East Senatorial District and Nembe Local Government Area of the State, was well attended by indigenes of the State. The Governor, Hon. Seriake Dickson and the Governor-elect, Chief David Lyon were however absent from the event. Deputy Governor Jonah, while speaking, said though he was initially sceptical whether venturing into politics was a good idea but he is happy with himself. “I came to Bayelsa State to come and serve. When I was invited to come and join, I told myself these politicians I can’t work with them. I said these politicians would it end well. But I told myself that if I am being invited to come back there must be a purpose because I didn’t need anything” “God has done everything I needed for my life. 36 years of unblemished service, I had my pensions; my children were grown so it was just to relax. I came back to the state to provide service and to the best of my knowledge I have done my utmost best that my conscience is clear. I am happy with myself.” Jonah, who explained that the thanksgiving was to thank God for successfully undergoing a seven and a half hour surgery after he took ill before the governorship election, said it was prayers that sustained and kept him alive. According to him, his family and friends were in agony during the period of the surgery but surprisingly he went through it and without the attendant pains that other patients had experienced.