Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Borno State governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, has said that Boko Haram has caused the emergence of 59, 311 orphans whose fathers were killed and 59, 213 widows that lost their husbands to the insurgency in different parts of the state. The Governor spoke at the National Defence College, in Abuja. 2. Similarly, report from Maiduguri, the Borno State capital has it that the military successfully repelled an attempt by ISWAP to infiltrate Damasak, the headquarters of Mobbar local government area of Borno State, northeast Nigeria on Tuesday. Sources said that a rocket launcher fired by the terrorists landed close to the UN hub, but there was no effect. Many of the terrorists were killed in the process. 3. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has rejected results of Saturday’s rerun election in Essien Udim Local Government Area (LGA) of Akwa-Ibom state, where its officials were abducted and forced to compromise the processes. The commission disclosed this in a statement issued by Mr Festus Okoye, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee (IVEC) on Tuesday in Abuja. Okoye said that the commission had deployed a high-powered team to the state to coordinate the regeneration of results and conclusion of collation, declaration and announcement of final results of the rerun election in Oru East/Orsu/Orlu Federal Constituency. 4. Local Government Chairmen who were sacked by Governor Seyi Makinde last year, on Tuesday declared that the court injunction obtained by the Oyo State government cannot stop them from resuming their various offices. The sacked council bosses have vowed to continue in office despite an injunction procured by the State government. Chairman of the dissolved Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON), Prince Ayodeji Abass-Aleshinloye in a statement said it was a fact that there cannot be a restraining order for an action that had already been completed. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has written to the senate to confirm Kingsley Obiora as Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN. Buhari also wants the Senate to confirm Adeola Akande as Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC. Both requests were contained in a letter addressed to the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, dated January 16, 2020 and December 24, 2019, respectively and was disclosed in a statement signed and issued by Lawan’s Media Aide, Ezrel Tabiowo. 6. No fewer than 15 persons on Tuesday died while 38 others sustained varying degrees of injuries as a Toyota Canter truck plunged into dried Omi river on the Ibadan-Ijebu Ode road. Mr Clement Oladele, the Ogun Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), who confirmed to the incident in Abeokuta said that the accident occurred in the early hours of Tuesday, adding that it involved a white-coloured Mitsubishi Canter, marked XE 331 MKA, loaded with passengers travelling from Sokoto state. 7. The FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Musa-Bello, has declared that there is no confirmed case of Lassa Fever in the territory. Bello said this during an emergency meeting of medical experts and senior members of the FCT Administration convened by the Minister. He said the aim of the meeting was to ascertain the status of the FCT following the outbreak of Lassa fever in some neighbouring states. 8. Still from Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) has commenced the payment of the N30,000 National Minimum Wage to Civil Servants. The Director, FCT Treasury Department, Alhaji Ismaila Ishiaku, announced this at a news conference, on Tuesday in Abuja. Ishiaku said the minimum wage backlog arrears of N4 billion from April 2019 was also cleared. He said the payment followed the agreement reached between labour and the FCT administration. 9. Both chambers of the National Assembly on Tuesday lamented the state of the nation’s security and declared that insecurity in the country had reached an alarming level. The lawmakers vowed to pursue community policing in order to protect the country against insurgents, kidnappers and other criminal elements. They took this position following their resumption from Christmas and New Year break. 10. The Federal Government says it will not be distracted by the “baseless” rating of the Transparency International, which ranked Nigeria low in its latest international Corruption Perception index. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed disclosed this position on Tuesday in London during an interview session with some international media organisations. The minister said that the position by the organisation that Nigeria is doing worse in fighting corruption is incorrect and the government is unhappy about the development.