The Christain Association of Nigeria, CAN, on Tuesday, confirmed the killing of its Adamawa State Chairman, Lawan Andimi, by Boko Haram insurgents. CAN President, Samson Ayokunle, who expressed sadness at the beheading of Andimi, said the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government should be ashamed that Christains and Nigerians are been killed by Boko Haram. DAILY POST had reported that the Boko Haram sect executed Lawan Andimi on Monday afternoon weeks after he was declared missing on January 3, 2020. Andimi was abducted by Boko Haram when they attacked Michika on January Initially, he was declared missing but later appeared in a video released by Boko Haram, wherein he pleaded with authorities to secure his release. However, a statement by CAN Director, Legal and Public Affairs, Evangelist Kwamkur Samuel Vondip, said: “The President of the Christian Association of Nigeria Rev. Dr. Samson Supo Ayokunle and indeed the entire CAN leadership and the Nigerian Church are deeply saddened with the news of the gruesome murder of Rev. Lawan Andimi the CAN Chairman Michika Local Government Area and the District Church Council Secretary of the Ecclesiya Yan’uwa a Nigeia (EYN) Church in Michika, Adamawa State. “We recall sadly that Late Rev. Lawan Andimi while in captivity made a passionate appeal to the leadership of his church and the Federal Government to come to his rescue. The Church did everything within her reach to secure the safe release of this pastor gentleman but it was not possible because they didn’t have the military power to do so. “Just last Sunday, a clergyman, Rev Denis Bagauri was murdered by unknown gunmen in his residence at Mayo Belwa of Adamawa State. “The Church views the unabated kidnappings, extortions and killings of Christians and innocent Nigerians as shameful to the government that each time boasts that it has conquered insurgency. “CAN deeply sympathises with the immediate family of Late Rev. Andimi, President and members of EYN Church, the government of Adamawa State and the entire Nigeria Church.” CAN also wondered what was the essence of SIM card registration if the authorities cannot use it to track down these killers who rely on phones as a mean of communications to do their criminalities? “What has become of Intelligence gathering of our security agencies? “Is this government and the security agencies still claiming that the war against these criminals in religious garments has been won despite all the killings? “Is the government sincere in fighting these terrorists or merely paying lip service to the war against the insurgency? “Is there any hope that our security is guaranteed under this government? “Can the government tell us what they did since Rev. Andimì cried out to them for help? “If the security agencies claim the terrorists are operating outside the country, why is it possible for these hoodlums to invade the country, kill, maim, burn and kidnap without any convincing checks on the part of the security agencies? “Since the government and its apologists are claiming the killings have no religious undertones, why are the terrorists and herdsmen targeting the predominantly Christian communities and Christian leaders? “If the security agencies are not living up to the expectations of the government, why hasn’t it overhauled them with a view of injecting new visionaries ones into the security system? As long as the government continues to live in denial and fail to face the reality, these criminals will not stop their criminalities. “We once again call on the International community and developed world like the US, the UK, Germany, Israel and others to please come to our aid of Nigeria, especially, the Nigerian Church so that we might not be eliminated one by one. “We cannot loose hope on divine protection and the power of our Lord Jesus Christ to expose those behind the sponsorship of terrorism in Nigeria and to get Nigeria safe from the arms of the criminals. We shall remain constant and not bow to the antics of terrorists and their sponsors. We know that very soon, God will unmask these ungodly and wicked elements amidst us and their collaborators in Jesus Name. “We urge all Christians to set three days apart this week to fast and pray for Nigeria.”