The Christain Association, CAN, lamented over the persistent killing of Christians by Boko Haram insurgents. CAN President, Rev. Samson Ayokunle wondered if the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government was colluding with Boko Haram to kill Christians. Ayokunle stated this while faulting the inability of the Federal Government to curtail the activities of the insurgent group. In a statement by CAN’s Director, Legal and Public Affairs, Evangelist Kwamkur Samuel Vondip, Ayokunle also wondered if the lopsided appointments by Buhari was not a cover up for Boko Haram. The statement reads: “It is reprehensible and saddening that each time the government comes out to claim the defeat of the insurgency, more killings of our people are committed. In the light of the current developments and the circumstantial facts surrounding the prevailing upsurge of attacks against the church, it will be difficult for us to believe that the Federal Government under President Mohammadu Buhari is not colluding with the insurgents to exterminate Christians in Nigeria bearing in mind the very questionable leadership of the security sector that has been skewed towards a religion and region! “Is that lopsidedness not a cover up for the operation of the insurgency? If not, why couldn’t the well equipped security agents of Nigeria get this man killed rescued? “While we call on Christians to be calm, we challenge the Federal Government led by President Buhari to be more proactive about effort to get rid of the continuous siege on Nigeria and end the wanton killings and destructions of lives and property of Nigerians if the government is to be taken seriously. “Maintenance of security is the least responsibility of any government that knows its worth. We are once again calling on the President Buhari to purge himself of the allegations of nepotism and religious favouritism by reconstituting the leadership of security outfits. “The Federal Government is urged to ensure the release of the prisoner of faith, Leah Sharibu and hundreds victims who are in the Boko Haram and ISWAP captivity before it is too late. A government that cannot protect the governed is a failed government “We are almost losing hope in government’s ability to protect Nigerians especially Christians who have become endangered species under its watch.”