Popular American model, Naomi Campbell has reacted to Burna Boy’s loss at the 2020 Grammys award. Kidjo won the Best world music album ahead of Burna Boy on Sunday. Angelique Kidjo hailed Burna Boy after picking up the award. She dedicated it to him for “the immense work he’s done to put Africa on the global map.” Campbell while congratulating Angelique Kidjo who defeated Burna boy to clinch best world album said Burna did not win due to lack of education. The model further sent a petition to the organizers of Grammys to include Afrobeats Artist of the Year, Song of the Year, Album of the Year and all the subcategories that this genre so deserves next year. She lamented that Afrobeat as a genre categorized into your ‘World Music’ category at the 2020 Grammys is a misrepresentation and diminishes the creativity of artists in Africa. On her Instagram page, Naomi wrote: “First, I want to say deepest congratulations to Angelique Kidjo for her award on Sunday and thanks to you for spreading light and opening minds through your music. “And to our AFRICAN GIANT, Burna Boy it is only due to lack of education that you have not been honored with the accolades you so truly deserve. You are always a winner in our hearts. ALWAYS. “And to The @RecordingAcademy, there is something that brings joy, strength, and happiness to myself, and to so many people that hear it, and it is called Afrobeats. Afrobeats is a musical genre played on mainstream and primetime radio not only across the continent of Africa but across the world. “Recently, the genre was categorized into your ‘World Music’ category at the 2020 Grammys. This misrepresentation diminishes an entire genre in which such a high standard of talent has emerged; a genre that has been a force of hope and positivity for many, and a vehicle for artistry on the continent of Africa. “Please take the next 363 days to reassess and reflect on your perspective of ‘World Music.’ Did the world get to vote for this award, or was it only the people in the United States a part of The Recording Academy? What will this neglectful categorization of music mean to individual cultures? Cultures who contribute their blood, sweat and tears, and every level of their creativity and work ethic into making music for YOU and for all of us. “Please get up to speed on the state of all popular music today, and include Afrobeats Artist of the Year, Song of the Year, Album of the Year and all the subcategories that this genre so deserves – just as any other respected and recognized musical genre. “This is bigger than you, so open your eyes, ears, and minds and treat us right and with the respect we deserve.”