Osun State High Court sitting in Ikirun, on Thursday, sentenced three persons to death by hanging for their involvement in a bank robbery that occurred in February 2016. The convicts are Nuhu Jimoh, Ndubisi David and Aderibigbe Oluwaseun. Recall that on 12th February, 2016, at about 3:30 pm, armed men, in a coordinated bank robbery, attacked First Bank, Union Bank and Skye Bank, situated along the same street in Ikirun, Osun State, simultaneously. The combined team of Policemen from Iragbiji Police Division, Ikirun Police Patrol Team and Special Anti-robbery Squad, responded to distress call(s) from the scene. On getting to the scene, gun duel ensued between the armed robbers and the Policemen, and the armed gang was dislodged making them to run away in different directions, as some of them were killed, while the three were apprehended. Meanwhile, the accused persons were on 29th June, 2017 arraigned on a ten count charge of conspiracy, armed robbery, murder, illegal possession of firearms and others contrary to Section 6(b), 1(1) & (2)(a) of the Robbery and Firearms (Special Provisions) Act, Cap R11 L.F.N, 2004, Section 319 of the Criminal Code Law Cap. 34 Laws of Osun State, 2002, and Section 3 of the Robbery and Firearms (Special Provisions) Act, Cap R11 L.F.N, 2004, respectively. The prosecution Counsel from the Ministry of Justice Barrister Biodun Badiora called five (5) witnesses and tendered about 30 Exhibits to prove the charge. The 1st Defendant, Nuhu Jimoh testified in his own defence while the 2nd and 3rd defendant Ndubisi David and Adeibigbe Oluwaseun called 3 witnesses each. Counsels to the convicts, Barrister Sunday Atofarati and Ajibade Omoyajowo pleaded with the Judge to temper justice with mercy. The presiding judge, Justice Jide Falola said that prosecution Counsel has proved his case beyond every reasonable doubt, and hereby found them guilty on charge preferred against them In his judgement, Falola sentenced the trio to death by hanging, and forfeited guns recovered from the gang to the Nigeria Police, while money recovered from them was forfeited to the Osun State Government.