Ekiti State Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, has assured that 2020 will be a better and more rewarding year for the people of the Land of Honour. Egbeyemi said the ruling party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), will give full backing to the Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, to succeed in the task of turning around the fortunes of the state. The Deputy Governor in a statement on Wednesday by his Special Assistant (Media), Odunayo Ogunmola, congratulated the state executives and members of APC for witnessing the New Year. Egbeyemi said with Governor Fayemi in the saddle, Ekiti is on the right path to rapid social and economic development judging by the good governance being enjoyed in the state. The Deputy Governor commended the state APC exco for successfully piloting the affairs of the party in 2019 which culminated in resounding success during the December 7 local government election. The overwhelming victory of the APC at the council poll, according to him, has consolidated democracy at the grassroots and brought governance closer to the people. He equally lauded the state APC exco for the support given to Governor Fayemi in executing people-oriented and life-changing policies for the betterment of the people who voted the party into power. The Deputy Governor also commended APC members in the state for their unflinching support for Fayemi and the party throughout 2019. Egbeyemi charged the APC faithful to be more loyal, committed and resolute in propagating the ideals of the party to win more members into the fold. He also urged them not to relent in enlightening the populace on the good works of Fayemi administration in the various sectors and in boosting the standard of living of the people. The Deputy Governor said 2020 offers the APC and the Fayemi administration another opportunity to deepen good governance and build on the achievements already recorded. Download Daily Post App.    Subscribe to Daily Post Newsletter.    Advertise with us.   Send us enquiries, press releases.