A staff of the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), Kings Adeyemi, has been installed as the National Chairman of the Nigerian Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (NIEEE). Adeyemi, an Engineer and Principal Manager in the Technical Standards and Network Integrity (TSNI) Department of the Commission, was installed as the 19th Chairman of the Institute on Saturday (25/01/2020) at a ceremony in Abuja. Speaking at the installation of Adeyemi, the Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (EVC/CEO) of the Commission, Prof. Umar Danbatta, who was the Chairman of the occasion explained that NCC encourages and supports staff to join professional bodies and participate in the activities of those professional bodies. Danbatta, who was represented by the Director, TSNI at NCC, Bako Wakil, said Adeyemi had been afforded opportunities by the Commission to attend several trainings both locally and Internationally over the years. Danbatta further stated that Adeyemi, having attended various trainings, is robustly equipped with necessary skills and knowledge which will enable him to competently take the institute to a greater height. “Electrical and electronic engineers play significant roles across all segments of the telecom industry. At the NCC in particular, electrical and electronic engineers play crucial roles in the delivery of our regulatory mandates. Some of these include spectrum management and administration, designing the framework for technical standards and quality of service parameters, monitoring of those parameters, device authorisation or equipment type approval, and much more,” the EVC said. Thus, the EVC urged the Institute to rise up and take a major role in the era of emerging technologies such as block chain, Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), cloud computing, Big Data analysis, among others. Earlier in his address, Adeyemi listed agenda for his administration to include inter-profession collaborations, stakeholders engagements, relationship with international professional bodies and smart strategic management plan as well as continuous professional development to ensure that electrical engineers set the pace in the face of emerging technologies as they unfold. The NIEEE is a highly regarded division in the Nigerian Society of Engineers (NSE) family especially because it is so dynamic and has brought the NSE so much honour.