As reactions continue to trail the call for the sack of Service Chiefs by members of the National Assembly, the National Democratic Front, NDF, on Thursday described the development as sacrilegious and unpatriotic. The House of Representatives had during plenary on Wednesday, asked President Buhari to sack service chiefs for overstaying their tenure, following a motion of urgent public importance moved by the Chief Whip of the House, Hon, Mohammed Tahir Mongunu and 14 others. The call was hinged on the need to restructure, review and reorganize the current security architecture of the nation. Reacting to the development, NDF said the lawmakers were more interested in promoting a concealed agenda of compromising the safety of the citizens of Nigeria and not necessarily concerned with the voice of genuine reasoning. Addressing journalists in Abuja, Dr. Abdulkadir Bolaji, National Secretary of NDF called on politicians and members of parliament to stop their unholy alliance with terrorists, bandits and kidnappers to destabilize the country. Bolaji insisted that President Muhammadu Buhari was on track and will tackle the emergent issues at hand soonest without sacking any of the Service Chiefs. The National Democratic Front further described the call by Rep members as an uncharitable and deliberate mischief by a bunch of failures trying to hide their real motive. He said, “At plenary on Wednesday January 29, 2020, the Reps members in a resolution after debating a motion sponsored by Hon. Mohammed Monguno, called on President Muhammadu Buhari to sack the leaders of Security agencies in Nigeria, if they fail to resign voluntarily. The Reps members attempted to justify the reason for this unthinkable and impetuous decision to the renewed spate of attacks and killings in Nigeria country. “The tenor of the resolution draped with unpardonable, abominable and suspected secret alliance/connivance with the foreign evil forces against Nigeria. There are some Nigerians who have belabored themselves to discredit Nigeria’s Security leaderships presently battling terrorism, insurrections and insurgencies in the country. “Over time, precisely in the last few months, Nigerians have heard and assessed the campaigns for the sack of Security Chiefs. And it emanates from individuals and organizations inclined to partisanship and intolerant of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. “They are not necessarily concerned with the voice of genuine reasoning. So, the obviously contracted HRSJ, was quick to lend its support to the position of NASS which passed a vote of no-confidence on the Military, Police and other security agencies in the country and bargained for their sack too. “It is astonishing that some Rep members have wittingly subscribed to this hogwash using a protectively deceptive official cover to push this demonic agenda. The recent baseless alarm calling for the sack of Security Chiefs is amazing to say the least. “Therefore, we state without mincing words that the Reps call for sack or resignation of Security leadership in the country is uncharitable and deliberate mischief by a bunch of failures, in the House trying to hide their real motive. “We have no reason to doubt the superlative performance of the current crop of Security leadership in Nigeria. NDF is proud particularly, with Service Chiefs who are doing their best in the prevailing circumstances and Nigerians are impressed with their efforts so far. “Let it be known to the House of Rep members that it is unambiguous; Mr. President is on track and will tackle the emergent issues at hand soonest. The President will accomplish this feat without sacking any of the very patriots that have been so helpful and invaluable in curbing the excesses of insurgencies and insurrections as wished by these seemingly confused agents of the same evil forces orchestrating the carnages in Nigeria. NDF finds it repulsive and unfortunate how these disgruntled political elements discuss the Service Chiefs like aliens who have no bearing in the fate of their own country. “Consequently, the ranting of members of the House of Representatives is personalized verdict or biased opinions and infinitesimal, especially on matters they have no such lawful powers to interrogate or determine like Security leaderships as they mouthed freely. “As President Buhari is the Chief Security Officer of Nigeria, the state’s governors are the same in their domains. The House of Reps must first call for their resignation. We call on President Buhari to take drastic action on Governors who err on security and allow insecurity situations degenerate to raise conditions conducive to criticize and blame the Presidency.”