This Same Formula has helped Me and Thousands of Others Keep Blood Pressure Permanently at normal Level With NO SIDE EFFECT.  Hi, my name is Michael – I’m a recently retired pharmacist who is finally able to expose the hidden lies of the prescription drug industry… I can do this because – unlike most pharmacists and doctors – I don’t have to be worried about the regulatory bodies breaking down my doors or suing me into oblivion. In this groundbreaking special letter you’re about to get the whole scary truth, including… What No Other “Medical Expert” Will EVER Tell You About Your Blood Pressure! And, more importantly, I’ll teach you through 1 proven way to turn the tables on Big Pharma, lower your blood pressure naturally — and finally lower your risk for a deadly heart or health disaster, once and for all… So I urge you: turn off every distraction – and read this urgent page to the very end.. It could save your life. I say that, because when it comes to prescription drugs and surgery, there’s a nearly 60% chance you’ll be the victim of a life-threatening or even life-ending “complication”… And It is same for those blood pressure medications Well, I know from first hand the experience that prescription drugs are often…  A Horror Show of Side Effects You
Wouldn’t Wish on Your Worst Enemy! I still remember the day when I personally was diagnosed with hypertension… I was in my doctor’s office for a routine checkup and he told me the bad news… “Michael, your blood pressure is extremely elevated. You’re at 163 over 105 and that increases your risk for coronary heart disease, heart failure, stroke, kidney disease…” The list went on… “If you want to live past 65, I want you to immediately get on several medications I’m going to prescribe now. This is not optional…” I was devastated. Even though I was a pharmacist, I personally hated the idea of being on multiple medications for the rest of my life… But that wasn’t the worst part – again, the real pain came once I started on the meds and the side effects kicked in… First, the diuretics – which they prescribe to flush excess water and sodium from the body – had me running to the bathroom dozens of times throughout the day. Worse… The Drugs Made It Impossible for Me to “Perform” in the Bedroom… …killing my confidence as a man and putting a massive strain on marriage. But that was only the beginning… I also started taking ace inhibitors… Now, frequently prescribed ace inhibitors include Enalapril (Vasotec), Lisinopril (Prinivil, Zestril) and Ramipril (Altace)… But from a side effect perspective they’re pretty much all the same… Like many, I began coughing often… Getting horrible headaches… And even experiencing light-headedness and dizziness throughout the day… It got so bad I could barely function, and had to take extended leave from work… Still, the nightmare was far from over– because my doctor also put me on calcium channel blockers – which is extremely common. But this only made matters worse… My brain got even foggier, my cough got worse, my energy sank like a rock in water, and I was so nauseous or constipated most of the time… I Barely Even Felt Like Eating! I was literally wasting away in front the TV each day, my legs elevated to ease the pain in my joints, with my wife growing more and more worried with each passing day… But we both assumed it was a worthwhile sacrifice to get my blood pressure down – and hopefully the side effects were only temporary… So, you can imagine my horror when I went to the doctor over a month later – only to find that my blood pressure had not gone down at all. Not one single point! Worse, the side effects seemed to be getting more severe, and my doctor said there was no guarantee they’d go away. I Was Devastated
Beyond Belief. I walked out of his office that day, still stunned, realizing that this plan wasn’t working out for me, and I needed to explore my alternatives… So, I began researching the effectiveness of these drugs, and what I discovered made me furious! You see, only 43% of people taking those meds get results – and your best hope is to be among that group… Here’s what I mean: Among the estimated 68 million Americans who have elevated blood pressure — about 70% of them use blood pressure medications. Yet among those 47 million people, the American Society for Hypertension has reported that just 42.9% reduce their blood pressure to a level that’s healthy.(I used the American report, because you know here in Nigeria we dont have stats and open data) If you’re lucky enough to get your blood pressure down with these drugs — you can probably expect many of the following side effects – just like I did – including… Fatigue Headaches Lightheadedness Loss of essential minerals Kidney damage Lower libido Erectile dysfunction Digestive disorders Elevated triglycerides (blood fats) and ldl (bad) cholesterol Vision problems Anxiety and restlessness Anemia Sensitivity to sunlight Plus increased risk of developing cardiac arrhythmias and diabetes. And it’s worse if you’re over 60! Excessive blood pressure lowering with medication can dangerously prevent adequate blood flow to the heart — leading to cardiac arrhythmia
and sudden cardiac death. That’s why the information on this page could literally save your life. Because — in just a moment — I’m going to introduce you to a discovery I found in my research that has been proven by multiple clinical studies performed by elite institutions… Published in highly respected medical journals, including one of Europe’s leading research publications – the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition, this could very well be The Single Most Important Discovery EVER Made for Blood Pressure Health! This natural solution would safely.. Reduce blood pressure Lower bad cholesterol (LDL) levels Balance your blood sugar Help heal your heart Reverse many of BP med side effects Restore lost libido Give you your energy back And help you feel healthy again! Best of all, you don’t need a prescription — or years of trial-and-error with unproven herbs you don’t know whether they’re working or not. This is proven to be both effective, and side-effect free… In the future, this is how more people will treat hypertension and reduce blood pressure naturally. Only you don’t have to wait! You can start today! Verified By Science – Backed By Nature..  The RedVigor BP & Cholest-Vita (Popularly known by most users as the Ultimate BP Combo) Not only has this blood pressure formula I am about to reveal to you in the next 60 seconds helped me permanently overcome hypertension as confirmed by my doctor..Thousands of people worldwide are using this Dynamic Breakthrough Discovery To Help Fight Their High Blood Pressure,Cholesterol and Heart Related Problems. Shaking the Medical and Nutritional Establishment to Its Core! Now you may ask, how? The answer lies with the natural phyto-nutrients of these specifically selected rare plants and herbs that make up this powerful ancient herbal healing formula. These essential elements are found in high stems,roots and extracts of these legendary herbs used by herbal healers thousand for thousands of years..and now it natural healing effects have been confirmed by scientific community worldwide so its precisely formulated with the best of care. Once the 13 nutrients inside Ultimate BP Combo (Redvigor and Cholest-Vita) start healing your damaged blood vessels, you’ll notice a flood of energy flowing back into your everyday life. Your blood flow will improve. It will clear your blocked blood vessels such that blood would be able to flow through freely without hinderance. Ultimate BP Combo is known to fortify blood vessels,streghten the heart and stimulate blood flow and oxygen throughout the body. Not only that the phyto nutrients in the Ultimate BP Combo helps the body to its optimum vascular performance,dissolves blood clots,lower blood pressure and cholesterol. When you take 2 capsules each daily your immune system would be strenghten.. You will experienced improved energy Lower and Healthy blood pressure Normal and Healthy Cholesterol level Improvement in Total body circulation. Replenish nitric oxide so your blood vessels can relax and dilate Make your blood platelets easily slide through your network of veins and arteries… Lower your stress response by improving your cortisol levels… Incase you have a damaged arteries due to high blood pressure, the Ultimate BP Combo would repair, it would give you a Healthy arteries that is  flexible, strong and elastic. Whose inner lining would be smooth so that blood flows freely, supplying vital organs and tissues with nutrients and oxygen. With the Ultimate BP Combo (Redivgor & Cholest-Vita) You can say goodbye to dozens of medications and its side effects Save the money for better things..while you enjoy a health heart. No matter your blood pressure/heart issues right now. You can always count on the Ultimate BP Combo (Redivgor & Cholest-Vita). Its broad spectrum of powerhouse nutrients cannot be found in any ordinary vitamins or general supplements.. To be honest you are not going to find another formula with more real life science verified,nature backed proofs and Results guaranteed. The Ultimate BP Combo is changing lives  worldwide.. Here is a fraction of what past and current users of are saying.. “Lowest BP in 5 years!” “I commenced taking the BP Combo 4 weeks ago, I had an appointment at the Federal medical centre and was examined for my blood pressure. The nurse who examined me was surprised at my 121/75 reading; I reading I haven’t had in 5 years even after taking several medication. It has always been around 136-140. Your product is simply amazing..thanks a million times* ~S.Peter, Wuse 2 Cholesterol and Triglycerides Normal “Thank you very, very much for your BP Combo. Before now my cholesterol was 760 and triglycerides were at 1400, my doctor couldn’t believe I was alive. Since then I have had a heart attack and two quadruple bypasses..it has been and endless battle. After taking the BP Combo for 6 weeks, my doctor tested me again an dot may amazement my cholesterol was 138 and triglycerides are 131. My doctors said I could live many more years and with the help of the BP Combo.I know I can.* ~ Toyin A. Lekki phase1  My Doctor couldn’t believe It “I was introduced to the BP Combo by a friend and church member. I have been taking it everyday since then.My cardiologists ordered a stress test and an echo diagram which showed two blocked coronary arteries. Two weeks later a cardiac catheterization was performed. To everyone’s surprise the doctor said,”I can’t believe it. You have a clean heart, no blocked arteries!All your arteries are clean and that unreal for a man of 64 years old’ I was very happy to hear this good new. Thanks to your excellent product. Keep up the good work” ~ Sincerely, Evangelist Rotimi.W “Rapid Results in 3 Weeks”  “114/47, Beats My Imagination”  Imagine spending the rest of your life without worry about your blood pressure or feeling trapped by your doctor Plus, you’ll be ecstatic when your doctor smiles and says, “Whatever you’re doing, keep doing it”. The Ultimate BP Combo (RedVigor & CholestVita) is changing and saving lives. the Ultimate BP Combo is Currently in Stock.. But This Probably Wont last long the last time we imported 700 pcs..It Sold Out Fast Now here’s what is really exciting..when you order the Ultimate BP Combo (RedVigor & Cholest-Vita) we would give you what no other supplement or drug company offers. Unlike when you get a prescription from your doctor. We understand that you might be skeptical and have some doubts so we are willing to protect your purchase even as we offer you a gentler, more natural approach to achieving healthy blood pressure. 100% Money Back Guarantee!!  If Your Blood Pressure Doesn’t Improve, Then We Insist You Get Your Money Back, Even If The Bottle Is Empty… No Questions Asked! Enough of the good news…Here is some bad news If you don’t order now, I can’t promise you that there’ll be any bottles left tomorrow, or even in a few hours… I urge you to do the right thing now, and claim the last few bottles of my current supply, while you still can… And if you do that right now! You will not only get the chance to get it at the discounted introductory price, but will also enjoy;  => 100% FREE Shipping to any location.
=> PLUS… You ONLY pay for the goods at your DOORSTEP! …meaning you only pay when the product has been physically brought down to you face-to-face by our courier company. How awesome is that? However, the FREE shipping and the payment on delivery additional benefits might not be there after tomorrow, So you have to take action right away.. Here’s What You Are Getting.  Ultimate BP Combo Two Month Supply
Special Promo Price: N55,000 only  Ultimate BP Combo One Month Supply Special Promo Price: N32,000 only  Warning, for payment on delivery option (please, serious buyers only): Ensure that you have the cash available with you before placing order Ensure that you have gone through the website, understood the supply and prices for each option Make sure you are available for the delivery (nationwide delivery is within 2 to 3 working days, while Lagos receives it within the next day) Here’s How to Order for Your Blood Pressure Solution Today at the Special Discount Price Depending on the option that you are ordering for… *If you are ordering for “1 Month supply”… indicate the code “BP Combo1month Supply” in your text message… *If you are ordering for “2 Months supply”… indicate it “BP Combo 2months supply” in your text message… 1Month Supply – N32,000 2Months Supply – N55,000 Here’s what to send to us… Text  (the option you are ordering for) with the following information below… that is, bp combo 1month supply or 2months supply Your Full Name
2. Your Phone Number
3. Delivery Address (home or office address) Send This Information as a text message to 0810-2775-042 Please Note: Your delivery address must include (your street name, town, local govt and state). Detailed Enough to make it traceable by our courier delivery man that will come around to deliver to you. You will get a SMS and Call from us within 8 hours to confirm your Order Before we Parcel It Across to You. DELIVERY TIME  Once we received your order, and your details are correct, you will receive an sms or call confirmation from us. Your products will then be sent to our courier delivery and the items should get to you within 2-4 Days for nationwide delivery to other state, and 1-2 days for orders within Lagos state. Note: The product will be packaged discreetly and no one else will know what’s inside, and every other information will be kept private and 100% confidential. Option 2 If you live in Abuja, you can also walk into our marketing department office to pick up the products. You will meet our team ready to give you these products at same price… That is you Pay at our office, and get it instantly Suite Gf2 ,Busymart Plaza by Imo  Transport Company (ITC ) Jabi, abuja. The Ultimate BP Combo (RedVigor and CholestVita) is made in a FDA and GMP approve facility in the USA and marketed in Nigeria by 7StarWellness Ltd; a wellness and healthcare organisation based in Abuja Customer care line for enquries : 0810-2775-042