Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Unknown gunmen have reportedly abducted Anthony Okungbowan, the Edo State Head of Service. Okungbowan was abducted in Benin-City, the State capital, on Saturday. 2. No fewer than 11 people sustained injuries when a tanker, loaded with diesel, exploded on the Otedola bridge on Lagos-Ibadan expressway on Saturday in Lagos. The Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps, FRSC, Olusegun Ogungbemide, who confirmed the incident, said that the unfortunate incident occurred when the tanker rolled back and collided with another Articulated truck carrying goods and a saloon car. 3. The Ogbobula Isaac-led Caretaker Committee of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Rivers State on Saturday, suspended Sen. Magnus Abe, Hon. Igo Aguma, Barr. Wogu Boms and Livingstone Wechie, for alleged anti-party activities. The State Chairman, Caretaker Committee of the party, Isaac Abbot-Ogbobula, announced that the suspension of Abe, Aguma, Wogu Bom, was based on a communication from the wards and local government. 4. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has won the 17 local government areas of Abia State in the Local government chairmanship election conducted on Friday, December 18, in the State. Announcing the results on Friday at the Abia State Independent Electoral Commission headquarters Umuahia, the ABSIEC chairman, Prof. Mkpa Agu Mkpa, said PDP cleared all the chairmanship seats while Labour Party clinched six council seats. 5. The All Progressives Congress (APC) On Saturday won all the chairmanship and council seats in Gombe local government polls conducted in the State. The Executive chairman of GOSIEC and chief presiding officer at the polls, Mr Saidu Awak, stated that the results of the election, as returned and declared by returning officers, were in accordance with section 26, sub-section 1 and 2 of the GOSIEC law 2013, as amended. 6. The Federal Controller of Works in Lagos State, Olukayode Popoola, has hinted that Third Mainland Bridge might be closed next week during the yuletide holidays. Popoola lamented the disruptive activities of miscreants popularly called ‘area boys’, who sometimes open the closed section of the bridge to traffic to endanger the safety of motorists. 7. The Nigerian military has made some disclosures on how it carried out the rescue operation of the three hundred forty-four (344) boys kidnapped from their school in Kankara, Katsina State, on December 11. It said that while kinetic and non-kinetic approaches were used to ensure all the students were rescued unhurt, there was resistance from the kidnappers who laid an ambush against the troops. 8. The Federal Government has faulted claims in some quarters that the abduction of students from Government Science Secondary school in Kankara, Katsina State, and their release was stage-managed. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, insisted that it does not make sense for any administration to stage-manage abduction of students or any of its citizens. 9. Uche Seconds, the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Saturday, called for President Muhammadu Buhari’s resignation. Secondus said Buhari should resign for admitting that his administration had failed to protect Nigerians. 10. A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress and Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige, has said the founding fathers of the party won’t speak on the zoning arrangement until 2021. He said nine among those of them who founded the APC were still in the party and that they would speak at the appropriate time whether or not there was an agreement on the zoning of the presidential ticket of the party for the 2023 election.