Real Madrid will make the trip to Ukraine knowing that if they win they will pick a ticket for the knockout round of the Champions League. Zinedine Zidane’s side is currently second in Group B. They are three points ahead of third-placed Shakhtar Donetsk. It means success on Tuesday night will be enough for the team to move to the next round of Europe’s leading competition. By their reputation, Spanish giants are expected to succeed having come into the match following a dull result at the weekend. They suffered a 1-2 home loss to A loves on Saturday night in the La Liga Santander but could they make it up against Shakhtar? Here, DAILY POST takes a look at how the Real Madrid side would line-up against their Ukraine opposition. Absent; Federico Valverde (shin), Luka Jovic (coronavirus), Dani Carvajal (thigh), Sergio Ramos (hamstring). Possible; Eden Hazard (muscle), Karun Benzema (groin), Alvaro Odriozola (calf). The Spanish side will make do with the services of Dani Carvajal, Sergio Ramos and Federico Valverde due to injury problems, while Luka Jovic is ineligible to play owing to a recent positive coronavirus test. Also, a huge probability for the game is Alvaro Odriozola who has an ongoing calf strain and this could see Lucas Vasquez continue at the right-back while Nacho will feature in the central defence, though Eder Militao is an alternative having recovered from COVID-19. Eden Hazard is out with a muscular injury he coped against Alaves and Vinicius Junior could come in as a replacement on the left. Zidane’s side could receive a lifeline following the return of Karim Benzema from a calf problem, but the French man may be set to replace Mariano Diaz in the centre forward role. While Marco Asensio could miss out of the starting XI to allow Rodrygo Goes to play on the left (Gareth Bale’s former position before leaving Real Madrid in the summer). Ferland Mendy is expected to come in place of Marcelo at the left-back while Martin Odegaard could replace Luka Jovic in midfield to play in partnership with Casemiro and Toni Kroos. Here is a possible line up: Thibaut Courtois; Lucas Vasquez, Rafael Varane, Nacho Fernandez, Ferland Mendy; Casemiro, Martin Odegaard, Toni Kroos; Rodrygo Goes, Vinicius Junior, Karim Benzema.