Former Liverpool player, Mark Lawrenson, has predicted Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City to secure a 2-0 win against Everton when both teams clash in the Premier League at Goodison Park on Monday night. Lawrenson also backed Frank Lampard’s Chelsea to beat Aston Villa 2-0 at Stamford Bridge in today’s Premier League fixture. “Everton had to scrap for their win over Sheffield United, but they’re quite happy to do that side of things – and they got the job done too,” Lawrenson told BBC Sport. “From what I saw of Manchester City’s win over Newcastle, it was quite typical of their season so far. They were always the better team, but there were some big chances missed by Pep Guardiola’s side and they never fully got into their stride. “It was another win for City though, and another clean sheet. I think they will be able to cope with what Everton throw at them, and find a way of getting the three points this time too. Everton 0, Man City 2.” Commenting on the Chelsea vs Aston Villa match, Lawrenson said, “I’m not surprised Chelsea boss Frank Lampard criticised his side’s performance in their defeat by Arsenal, because they were well short. “The Blues have now lost 3 of their last 4 league games, and this next test is also far from easy, against an Aston Villa side that is playing well and is full of confidence. “Villa had to play with ten men for the whole second half of their win over Crystal Palace but still looked the more dangerous side going forward. “I am still going with Chelsea here though because I think we’ll see a reaction from their players. They cannot be as bad as that again, surely? “Whatever happens to Villa at Stamford Bridge, they’ve still given themselves an excellent platform for the rest of the season. It took them 24 games to reach 25 points last season, so they’ve done it in nine games fewer this time. “Being realistic, I do not see them challenging for the top four, but they have already proved a lot of people wrong with their results so far. Chelsea 2, Aston Villa 0.” The kick-off time for Everton vs Man City is 9 pm, while that of Chelsea vs Aston Villa is 6:30 pm.