The Oyo State Police Command has warned residents of the state against street carnivals and bangers. Commissioner of Police, Mr. Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, made this disclosure on Friday. Enwonwu in a statement made available to DAILY POST through the Public Relations Officer of the command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi noted that the measure was taken in order to put a stop to crimes in the state. He warned parents and guardians to warn their children, wards to desist from using fireworks, and shun involvement in any activity relating to street carnivals. Enwonwu also warned merchants of fireworks and organizers of street carnivals to desist forthwith as offenders would be made to face the full wrath of the law. He said, “We wish to use this medium to warn members of the public against the use of fireworks otherwise known as bangers, knockouts, etc and other explosives. “We equally warn against organizing unauthorized street carnivals within the State during this Yuletide season and beyond. “The warning becomes necessary as part of proactive measures to stem the tide of crimes and criminality that usually characterize the approaching Yuletide and New Year celebrations. “Parents and guardians are enjoined to warn their children\wards to desist from using fireworks, and shun involvement in any activity relating to street carnivals. “In view of this, merchants of fireworks and organizers of street carnivals are warned to desist forthwith as offenders would be made to face the full wrath of the law. “Oyo State Police Command will not condone any act capable of threatening the relative peace and tranquility being enjoyed by all and sundry in the State, as the Commissioner of Police has directed officers and men of the Command to bring perpetrators to book, to be forewarned is to be forearmed. “While we prepare for festivity, the Commissioner of Police wishes to use this medium to assure the good people of our beloved Oyo State that proactive measures other than the above has been put in place to ensure crime rate is at its barest minimum in this season and beyond. “We crave the indulgence of the good people of Oyo State to desist from the act of taking laws into their hands, an act popularly known as “Jungle Justice” but advised that prompt report should be made to the nearest Police Station or formation for necessary action. Cooperation with the Police via quick, accurate and precise information rendition to the Police should be considered a civic obligation. “To furnish the Command with credible information or for swift response to distress call reach the Command control room on: 07055495413 or 08081768614 and 615 (Oyo State Security Trust Fund).”