Tottenham Hotspur would be aiming to further underline their quest for a title when they trade tackles with Liverpool. Goal difference is the only thing separating the two EPL giants in the League standing ahead of the game. Victory at Liverpool would see them move within three points above closest rivals, but that possibility has been difficult for any visiting side to achieve at Anfield since April 2017 in the Premier League. DAILY POST takes a look at how Jose Mourinho’s side could line up against Anfield side Liverpool. Absent; Japhet Tanganga (shoulder), Erik Lamela (front). Possible; Gareth Bale (illness). Mourinho may aim to alter his team dynamics via the trip to the Mersey side as he usually does against the big six while playing away from home, but these alterations could be on the few. Spurs have most of their players available with Gareth Bale supposed to come back from illness and gearing for a place in the side, thus leaving Japhet Tanganga and Erik Lamela as the only players missing out from this tie. It may be the same line-up that the Portuguese tactician would field, and it could see another place for Serge Aurier ahead of Matt Doherty at right back. Harry Kane would lead the charge for goals for Spurs after he has involved in 19 goals in about 12 topflight outings this term in tandem with his finish against Crystal Palace – he requires a goal to attain double figures for goals and assist made in the season. He is on the right track to overtake Cesc Fabregas’s landmark for achieving that milestone in just 17 matches. The English striker has found the net four times in six Premier League matches at Anfield but he has never helped his side claim a win, in Premier League record, only Nigel Cough and Dougie Freedman have scored more goals at one venue without securing a win. Kane’s lethal union with Heung-Min Son has been the very impressive thing to note just like his goal scoring form this term. His amazing finish against Crystal Palace was the 12th time they have worked together for a goal in the English topflight this season. Only on one occasion has an attacking pair combined for more goals via an entire League campaign. And Son and Harry Kane are just one short of reaching Alan Shearer and Chris Sutton’s 13 goal tally in Blackburn Rovers title-winning triumph during the 1994/1995 Premier League campaign. That’s how good both players (Son and Kane) have been in this season for Spurs as they lead their side’s aspiration ahead of the duel against Liverpool. Here is a possible line up for Tottenham against Reds Hugo Lloris; Serge Aurier, Toby Alderweireld, Eric Dier, Sergio Regulion; Moussa Sissoko, Hojbjerg Emile; Steven Bergwijn, Tanguy Ndombele, Son Heung-Min; Harry Kane.