Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Thursday, declared that he replaced the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) with the Park Management System (PMS) in order to avoid rancour in the transport sector. DAILY POST recalls that Makinde had last year introduced PMS, which has since replaced the proscribed NURTW. The NURTW was banned due to crises that have continued to characterise the union over leadership positions. But, Makinde, who spoke in Ibadan, the state capital, added that his commitment to ensuring the development of the sector was responsible for the introduction of the PMS as a replacement for the banned NURTW. The Governor noted that the transport sector must be rid of rancour and discord, hence his administration introduced PMS. Makinde, who spoke through his Deputy Chief of Staff, Mr. Abdulmojeed Mogbonjubola, stated that the establishment of the PMS in the state has fostered a good relationship between the government and public drivers in the State. “As a government that is committed to the wellbeing of the entire citizens of the state, I wish to emphasise that issues relating to security cannot be undermined. “The transport sector, being the hub of economic engagements in the state, deserves an enabling environment devoid of rancour and discord. “This training could not have come at a better time, as this could be regarded as part of the Corporate Social Responsibility, CSR, of the state government, which has always embraced peaceful resolution of disputes among the various union members. “I wish to reaffirm that this government will give priority to all and sundry irrespective of religious and political affiliations. I have been assured that the training programme will provide an avenue for you to air your views and even grievances. “My commitment to issues pertaining to the transport sector led to the establishment of the state’s Park Management System, PMS, which has greatly improved the hitherto frosty relationship between the government and drivers in the state. “I restate my commitment to keeping your interest at heart, while formulating policies in the transport sector. This commitment has influenced and continues to inform this administration’s resolve to restore peace and security to all the nooks and crannies of the state by stamping out all forms of violence and brigandage. “Security of lives and property was a serious challenge in Oyo state. In order to stem this unsavoury tide, this administration resolved to embrace dialogue and this training will equip participants with various ways of conflict resolutions and management.”