Lagos bye-election: Live updates, results from senatorial polling units Results of the Bye-election for Lagos East Senatorial District have started trickling in. So far, results from polling units have it that Tokunbo Abiru of the All Progressives Congress, APC, is in early lead. Abiru is closely followed that Babatunde Gbadamosi of the Peoples Democratic Part, PDP. Below are some of the results: Polling Unit 036 Aga/ Ijomu 036 (Anibaba/omini) APC 074
APM 001
PDP 12
Void 002 Polling Unit 009 Igbogbo Bayeku APC-68 PDP-8 AAC-1. Polling unit 017, Ikorodu Central,
Ward E
APC 34
AA 1
PDP 10 Polling 001, Igbogbo Bayeku
APC 88
PDP 18 Polling Unit 007, Isiwu
APC: 65
PDP: 07 Polling booth 005, Isiwu
APC: 140
PDP: 07 Polling Unit 004, Isiwu B3
Apc 64
Pdp 10
Void 2 Polling Unit 006, Isiwu
APC: 06
PDP: 00 Polling Unit 007, Ward C2 (Agbele Road/Oreyo) APC: 114
PDP: 19
ADP: 2 Polling Unit 003, Okegun Odofin II, Ibeju Lekki
APC 139 PDP 2 Polling Unit 004, Customary Court, Ibeju I APC-106 PDP-8 Polling Unit 003, Orimedu Health Centre, Ibeju I APC-237 PDP-4 Polling Unit 10, Iba Oloja II Premises APC-78 PDP-0 Polling Unit 007, Ibeju High School APC-88 PDP-12 Polling Unit 009, Iba Oloja 1 Premises, Ibeju I APC-45 PDP-1 Polling Unit 001, Odomola, R.C.M Primary School, Epe LGA APC-88 PDP-07 ADC-1 Polling Unit 006, Odomola, R.C.M Primary School, Epe LGA APC-47 PDP-11 NRM-1 Polling Unit 002, Odomola, R.C.M Primary School, Epe LGA APC-40 PDP-06 Polling Unit 003, Odomola, R.C.M Primary School, Epe LGA APC-68 PDP-03 Polling Unit 004, Odomola, R.C.M Primary School, Epe LGA APC-61 PDP-07 Polling Unit 005, Odomola, R.C.M Primary School, Epe LGA APC-49 PDP-04 ADC-1 AAC-1  Lagos Bye-election: APC’s Abiru defeats PDP’s Gbadamosi in deputy gov, Hamzat’s polling unit The All Progressives Congress, APC, on Saturday polled the highest vote in Polling Unit 004, Ward 4, Oke-Balogun, in the ongoing Lagos Bye-election. Oke-Balogun is the polling unit of the Lagos State Deputy Governor, Obafemi Hamzat. APC’s candidate in the election, Tokunbo Abiru polled 97 votes out of the 111 votes cast at the unit. His closest rival, Babatunde Gbadamosi of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) had 10 votes. The number of registered voters at the unit is 738.  Lagos by-election: INEC reacts to electoral process at polling units The INEC Presiding Officer, Oluwo-Amojo Str/Bayeku 003A polling unit, Igbogbo/ Bayeku, Mr Oluwakorede Ogunwede, on Saturday said that turnout of voters in the area was not encouraging. He also said that the card readers were also not identifying the fingerprints of the electorate. Ogunwede stated this in an interview with NAN on Saturday. “Since our arrival, we do not have many people around,” Ogunwede said. “We also have just one security personnel around, and the touts here are many. “The card readers also are giving us issues which are slowing down the process of voting.” Also reacting, Miss Barakat Suliamon, another Presiding Officer at unit 010A, said that voting could not start early because the list of names of voters was not available. “We left the original names of people in the office which has delayed the voting exercise a bit. “The turnout is not so encouraging, but we have people on the ground. “We are to force people here to strictly follow the COVID-19 guidelines,” she said.  Lagos bye-election: Hoodlums attack INEC officials at Mile 12 Some hoodlums on Saturday attacked INEC officials as they prepared to commence voting during Saturday’s by-election at Unit 13, Kosofe council area of Lagos State. A News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) correspondent, who was at the centre reported that the hoodlums insisted on collecting money from INEC officials before voting could commence. An INEC ad-hoc staff, Mrs Monsurat Aladeloba, told NAN that they packed up their materials so as to relocate from the area in the midst of the chaos between some electorate and the hoodlums. “The boys were about fighting themselves when more police officers were drafted here,” she said. NAN reports that the the situation was brought under control later after some community leaders intervened in the area. One of the community leaders, Alhaji Gbenga Mola, told NAN that the hoodlums had been taken care of and assured the INEC officials of their safety.  Lagos Bye-election: Sanwo-Olu’s deputy, Obafemi Hamzat votes, beg residences The Deputy Governor of Lagos State, Obafemi Hazmat has casted his vote I the ongoing Bye-election in the state. Hamzat casted his vote at Ward 4 Unit 002 at Oke-Balogun Central Mosque, Epe area of the state. After casting his ballot, the deputy governor commended electorates for their peaceful conduct at his unit. Hamzat also urged he deputy governor appealed that such peaceful conduct be replicated in other areas.  Lagos Bye-election: Epe residents stop INEC from conducting poll over failure to give them money Residents of Ajaganabe Square and Apena/Oloye Street in Epe area of Lagos State on Saturday stopped ad-hoc officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, from conducting the bye-election in the area. They disclosed that INEC officials failed to “settle them,” hence the refusal to allow them to their job. According to one of the residents, the participating political parties failed to give them money like they did previously. “We did not allow them to sit down and do their job because we have not been settled. It is not just the boys that drove them away; the entire community rose in unison and sent them away,” the resident told Nation.  Lagos Bye-election: Majority Leader speaks on INEC’s conduct of poll Sanai Agunbiade, Majority Leader of Lagos State House of Assembly, has commended the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, over the conduct of the ongoing Senatorial Bye-election in the state. Agunbiade said that INEC has significantly improved in the conduct of elections in Nigeria. He disclosed this to newsmen after casting his vote at polling unit 043 at Grammar School, Aga/Ijomu area of Ikorodu. “People are exercising their franchise peacefully and people are obeying Social distance while voting,” the lawmaker said.  Lagos East bye-election: Atmosphere peaceful as poll commences Voting commenced peacefully on Saturday in the Lagos East Senatorial and Kosofe Constituency 2 by-elections amidst low voter turnout in the affected five local government areas of the state. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the voters comported themselves in orderly manner with adequate security while some observed COVID-19 protocols. INEC officials reported on duty and voting commenced at about 8:30 a.m in most poling units across Lagos East Senatorial District comprising Somolu, Kosofe, Ikorodu, Epe and Ibeju-Lekki local government areas. Few voters were on queue at most polling centres visited while electoral officers adorned face masks, but few of the voters complied with use of face mask. In Ikorodu, police officers were seen at the polling centres protecting the voters and ensuring orderliness. NAN reports that police mounted several roadblocks along the popular Ikorodu Road in attempt to enforce restriction of movement. The police had earlier announced restriction of vehicular movement between 6.00a.m. and 6:30p.m. on Saturday in the affected five local government areas. Residents of Lagos East Senatorial District and Kosofe 11 constituency will file out today to vote their next representatives at the National Assembly. The battle is between the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, candidate, Gbadamosi Olatere Babatunde, popularly called BOG, and the All Progressives Congress, APC, candidate, Tokunbo Abiru. Recall that the State Police Command had ordered a restriction on movement between 6am and 6pm on Saturday for the election. The restriction was to allow a smooth flow of the election. However, those on election duties, essential services and accredited domestic and foreign election observers are allowed to move about. The Local Governments Areas affected include the two legislative seats Epe, Ibeju Lekki, Kosofe and Somolu.