The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Friday reacted to reports of its arrested members affirming attack on a church in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. The Rivers State Police Command had paraded some IPOB members who admitted attempting a bomb attack on the church attended by the father of the state Governor, Nyesom Wike, Elder Wike. However, IPOB described the claims as a lame script by security agencies. A statement by the group’s spokesman, Emma Powerful said the government was using the suspects to cover its evil deeds. The statement reads partly: “The attention of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB), has been drawn to the frivolous and fabricated claims by the purported suspects of the alleged attack on Gov. Nyesom Wike’s father’s church who purportedly claimed responsibility for the said attack. ”We have equally heard with utter amazement that the alleged suspects further claimed they were contacted by IPOB to carry out the attack so as to gain recognition. “This again is too petty and a lame script by the security agencies and their sponsors. The question is: Which recognition is IPOB a global movement that already maintains a presence in over 100 countries still looking for? “It’s not in doubt what the government and security agencies can do either to cover evidence or establish cause to justify a premeditated evil. The speed with which the government and police pointed accusing fingers at IPOB even before the commencement of their so-called investigation, raises more suspicion. It’s only a confirmation that the ridiculous alleged confession of the said suspects was only premeditated just to possibly indict IPOB. “Wike and his co-travellers should stop ridiculing themselves. IPOB is not a violent but peaceful movement. Bombing a place of worship how much more a church is never part of our signature tune. Most IPOB members have a Christian background and couldn’t have targeted any church for bombing. “We have no quarrel with Wike’s father let alone innocent worshippers. Assuming but not admitting that we are behind the purported attack, we wouldn’t have done a poor job. If we want Wike we know how and where to get him but we don’t spill blood.”