The Bayelsa State Police Command has paraded 45 suspects arrested in the state over their alleged involvement in crimes ranging from rape, murder, cultism and armed robbery. Five of the suspects were arrested over their alleged involvement in the last month’s invasion of the country home of the former governor of the state, Hon. Seriake Dickson and killing of a police inspector in Toru Orua community of Sagbama Local Government Area of the state. A 41-year-old married man and staff of the Bayelsa Ministry of Education from Ekeremor Town in-Ekeremor Local Government Area of the state was arrested over the alleged rape of a 25-years old virgin who just completed her mandatory National Youths Service Corps (NYSC). The Bayelsa State Commissioner of Police, Mike Okoli, while parading the suspects, revealed that though crime and criminality cannot be totally eradicated in the country, the police are on top of their games to checkmate and arrest perpetrators of such crimes. He said due to intelligence gathering and discreet investigations, the police arrested the five suspects that invaded the home of the former Governor, Hon. Seriake Dickson, during an alleged search for money purportedly kept in his residence. He said though the suspects confessed to the planning of the invasion, but declined that they carried out the attack, “We will arraign them in court and allow the court determine their faith and tell the court who carried out the invasion and killing of the inspector.” Police Commissioner Okoli also announced that the state police command have no mercy for suspects involved in rape and child defilement cases, declaring that the command will diligently prosecute culprits. He also pointed out the case of the arrest of a 41-year-old man staff of the Bayelsa Ministry of Education over his alleged threat and rape of a 25-year-old virgin, who just completed her NYSC programme. According to Okoli, investigation showed that the suspect promised his victim marriage and lured her to his friend’s house, “he threatened to kill her and had forceful carnal knowledge of her despite her plea for mercy.” On the repeated rival cult clashes in Yenagoa, the police boss confirmed the arrest of two leaders of fierce rival groups known as the Greanlanders and Bobos. One Finidi Aaron, who was identified as leader of the Bobos cult gang and Richard Derigha, the leader of the Greanlanders have been arrested. They are both alleged to be involved in numerous killings in the Yenagoa metropolis including the invasion of the office of the Telecommunication giant, MTN and killing of one of his customers.