The Acting Ejeh of Akpa, Alhaji Usman Sani who was kidnapped by unknown gunmen last week has regained his freedom. Sani, a first-class traditional ruler in Kogi State, who doubles as the Director of Local Government in Ankpa was kidnapped on Friday, 18th December 2020, at about 5:30am while entering a Mosque in Ankpa. He was released by his abductors on Sunday. The Police Public Relations Officer, (PPRO), in Kogi State DSP William Ovye Aya confirmed the release in a telephone interview with DAILY POST on Monday. However, he could not ascertain the exact time when the monarch was released by his abductors. He said the State Commissioner of Police Edeh Ayuba Edeh gave a directive that officers of the Nigerian Police be drafted to the scene of the incident and comb every area within the Eastern axis to ensure the release of the traditional ruler. The Police PPRO, however, debunked reports that the monarch was released after the families gave ransom to the kidnappers. He claimed the monarch was released unhurt and had since reunited with his family. “I am not aware of any ransom paid to the kidnappers. The kidnappers were under pressure after our officers were drafted to the scene of the incident and other strategic areas that could lead to their waterloo. With this, they had no option than to release him immediately. We are making frantic efforts to arrest those criminals behind this act. Kogi can never be a safe haven for criminals” he stated. On the kidnap of a former Chairman of Olamaboro Local Government Area of Kogi State, Barrister Isaac Emmanuel Ekpa, the PPRO told DAILY POST that the Police is working round the clock to secure his release. It could be recalled that Ekpa was abducted on Friday, 18th December 2020, around Ochadamu in Ofu Local Government Area of the state while on his way to his country home. Ekpa, who according to family sources is the current aide to a serving Senator from Kogi East was said to be making preparations for his late father’s burial before the sad event took place. It was, however, gathered that while the kidnappers were demanding N25 million ransom, the family of the victim was negotiating to pay N1 million for his release.