Christmas is in the air. As we begin to deck the halls with boughs of holly, lights and gorgeous trees, it’s great to remember that Christmas is a time to create captivating memories. Already, many of us are in pursuit of the perfect presents to share with our family and friends. And so, in the spirit of Christmas, TECNO wishes to show her profound gratitude and appreciation by giving back to customers in an extraordinary way. As a brand with a profound love for Nigerians, TECNO wishes to bring immense happiness to 20 lucky families by rewarding them with 1 million Naira each. Think about the amazing things you can do with such a whopping gift this festive season. It just might pave the way to greatness for many families, come 2021. Ready to be among 20 lucky customers to win 1million Naira this Christmas period? Hurry now and buy for yourself or your loved ones, any of the POUVOIR, CAMON or the SPARK series and stand a chance to win a whopping sum of N1million. To participate Offline: Walk into any TECNO authorized dealers across the country, buy any of TECNO SPARK, CAMON or POUVOIR series. You will get a raffle ticket at the point of purchase, which qualifies you for a chance to win the grand prize. Ensure you fill the raffle ticket correctly with valid information including your name, location of the store, sales ambassador who sold the phone to you, and date. Save your raffle ticket and watch out for the weekly live draw on TV and our social media pages. You stand a chance to be announced as the winner in the live raffle draw. The more devices you buy, the better your chances of winning. Winners of the TECNO Blue Santa Xmas will be decided through the raffle draw which will be aired live on Facebook and TV on the 15th and 22nd of Dec. 2020 and Facebook on 7th of Jan., 2021. The promotion runs from 1st-31st December 2020. Online: Nominate your friends to receive a special Xmas gift from TECNO Beyond the offline scene, TECNO is also rewarding fans online with a chance to a special Xmas gift box with a TECNO phone in it. Customers and fans should visit any of TECNO’s social media pages, nominate their friends for a special Xmas gift box and see it transformed to reality. How to Nominate your Friend to receive a special gift box: Post the image of the phone you will like TECNO to gift your friend and tag the person on your page. State, why you want him or her to receive a device from TECNO using the hashtag #TECNOBlueXmas On the TECNO daily countdown to Christmas post, get your friends to vote for you by commenting with your name, handle and #TECNOBlueXmas. The most emotional and authenticated wishes with the highest number of genuine votes will emerge as winners and will be announced every 24 hours on every countdown post. All entries must be made using #TECNOBlueXmas, and you must be following TECNO on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram to win. Prizes to be won: Grand Prize of N20million for 20 customers (N1million each); A Special Xmas Gift box with a TECNO Phone; and other exciting gift items for 7 fans. The promotion runs from 1st-31st December. Terms and Conditions applied. For more information, visit TECNOSpot Online Forum.