Arsenal would be aiming for a turn around as they face London rivals, Tottenham Hotspurs on Super Sunday. The Gunners would be hoping to secure a Derby win against the Londoners when they make a short trip to their neighbors. Arsenal has lost four and won only one of their last six games in the Premier League and they find themselves rooted in 14th position and in the bottom half of the League log. On the wake of this, is a visit to the League leaders in front of 2,000 returning fans and this is the last thing the Gunners would want, knowing that the home fans would bring in Tottenham’s favour in the game. But their away form has been a rare (light) spark so far in this term and their lone win in the recent run came against the under-fire Manchester United side. Here, DAILY POST reveals how Arsenal could line-up for the London Derby contest. Absent; Gabriel Martinelli (knee), Nicolas Pepe (suspended). Possible: David Luiz (head), Thomas Partey (thigh) Arsenal may be given a massive boost ahead of this match owing to the picture that Thomas Partey is back in training via the fixture and is in contention probably for what could be his maiden London Derby match. The summer buy will be ascertained before the game gets underway and may have to settle for a place on the bench. With Arteta not in a hurry to take risk over his fitness concerns via the busy schedules in Decembe, he is on course to return earlier than expected. While the Ghanaian star could make a speedy return, many would think that David Luiz’s departure against Wolverhampton Wanderers last weekend was duly protracted after he was caught up in a clash of heads which led Raul Jimenez fracturing his skull. Luiz had blood seeping through his bandage before he was taken off against Wolves. He missed out against Rapid Vienna on Thursday. But Arsenal Manager, Arteta has opined that the former Chelsea centre back should make the squad so long as the injury is healing as thought, with no concerns regarding signs of any complications. Nicolas Pepe will serve the second of his three-match suspension while Gabriel Martinelli is out injured. The Brazilian youngster could return to Under-23 action before the end of the year, though. Arsenal only positive outing in the English top-flight for the last two months came on the road at Old Trafford and Arsenal’s Arteta could be lured to name a similar side close to that starting XI. And this could mean a 3:4:3 formation for this match. The out of form Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang will start again. Alexandre Lacazette will hope to bring his Europa League inspiration into the domestic scene after scoring the opener against Rapid Vienna. Arsenal are able to overcome a plethora of recent absentee prior to the success against Rapid Vienna with Calum Chambers, Pablo Mari and Sead Kolasinac all expected to make a return to the side. Though, none of these players is likely to start a game in terms of quick succession here, but they should be a boost to Arsenal’s rotation policy heading into the busy December fixture piled-up for the club. Arsenal predicted eleven (XI); against Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspur in a 3-5-2 formation. Bernd Leno; Rob Holding, Gabriel Magalhaes, Kieran Tierney; Hector Bellerin, Dani Ceballos, Mohamed Elneny, Bukayo Saka; Willian Borges da Silva, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, and Alexandra Lacazette.