A 38-year-old businessman has been murdered in Akure, the Ondo State capital by gunmen suspected to be assassins. The deceased identified as Babatunde Adeluka, also known as Tunde Olubasa among his friends, was shot dead at Helena Hotel where he had lodged at Ijapo in Akure, the state capital on Boxing day. Findings revealed that the assailants numbering about three trailed the late Babatunde to the hotel, situated some few meters from the Police Zonal Command in the state as well as the Ijapo Police Station. A source who spoke under anonymity said the deceased had earlier attended a function in Akure before retiring to his room at the hotel. The source explained that Babatunde had arrived at the hotel from Akungba-Akoko in Akoko South West Local Government Area of the state, about 80 kilometres to the state capital but was shot dead at the bar of the hotel where he had gone to get a drink. Confirming the incident, the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, ASP Tee-Leo Ikoro said it was a case of assassination. Ikoro who maintained that the Commissioner of Police, Bolaji Salami, has ordered a full investigation into the incident, disclosed that police operatives were on the trail of the fleeing assailants. “I went there myself. By 4:00 I was already there. We’ve commenced investigation trying to track down who came to kill that guy. “It’s an assassination. At the time it happened, there was nobody there, except the bar girl. The bar girl said they came in three, already waiting. “The deceased lodged in that hotel and went out at some point, came back and left again. By the time he came back, the assailants were already at the bar drinking. When he came back, he went into his room, took a bottle of wine and then called for a bottle of soft drink from the bar. Ikoro added that “When he got to the bar, the three guys asked a lighter from him to light their cigarettes and he said no. It was at that point they pulled out their guns and shot him. The assailants left the hotel when he gave up the ghost. “We’re on their trail right now. The Commissioner of Police has ordered a full investigation into the incident. To us, we’re are thinking it’s an assassination. But the investigation will unravel all that happened.”