After forty-seven years of marriage, a 71-year-old mechanic, Mr Mojidi Osho, approached an Igando Customary Court in Lagos State on Wednesday to nullify his marriage because his wife denied him sex. The petitioner disclosed that his wife, Tolu, with whom he had ten children in marriage denied him his matrimonial right to sleep with her. Osho said, “The last time my wife allowed me to sleep with her was ten years ago. “I’m starving seriously but whenever I come home with my girlfriends, she will chase them away.” The septuagenarian also accused his wife of threatening to kill him so that she can inherit his property. “My wife wanted to kill me; she has been feeding me with poison. “There was a day I fainted and was rushed to the hospital and it was detected that I ate poison. “I thought I’ll not survive it but God saved me and I stopped eating her food.’’ The embattled man added that his wife was a witch. “My wife keeps attacking me in the spiritual realm. “On two occasions, she shot arrows at me in my sleep which led to sicknesses but God healed me. “She also buried charm in my workshop and customers stopped patronising me. “My wife made me impotent but I later survived it after spending huge amounts in the hospital and herbal treatment. “Tolu makes my life miserable, I would’ve gone far in life if I hadn’t married her. “I regretted the day I met her and I wish I could turn the hand of the clock,’’ Osho added. According to Osho, Tolu stopped washing his clothes twenty-seven years ago. He, however, begged the court to end the marriage to save him from committing murder. Responding to the allegations, Tolu, 67, disclosed that she denied her husband sex only 4 years not 10 years ago as he claimed. “I stopped him from making love to me four years ago when he started bringing different girls home to sleep with, after which he’ll want to sleep with me; so I refused him,’’ Tolu told the court. The mother of ten children denied threatening her husband’s life to kill by poisoning. “I haven’t poisoned my husband’s food since 1973 when we got married, is it now that I’ll poison him? “He’s just looking for excuses to discard me, he came to this court to divorce his second wife now he wants to also divorce me so that he can marry a new wife.’’ According to Tolu, Osho is fond of invoking curses on their children, which is affecting their lives now. She, however, begged the court not to grant her husband’s wish for the dissolution of their marriage saying she still loved him. The court president, Mr Adeniyi Koledoye, adjourned the case until Feb. 18, 2021, for judgment.