Arsenal would lock horns with Sean Dyche’s men at the Emirates this weekend, with the Gunners saddled with the onus to record a win at home. It will be an opportunity for the Gunners to restore their season fortune as they gear to take on Burnley on Sunday. The match is not going to be an easy one for both sides, particularly as the two teams are short of confidence following their recent woes in the Premier League. The Gunners are 15th placed in the League and a win would be vital against the struggling Burnley side. Burnley would prove to be a difficult test to Arsenal’s quest of returning to winning ways in the English topflight. Sean Dyche’s men were able to pull a decent result of their own when they held Carlo Ancelotti’s men to a 1-1 draw last weekend. And the Londoners must come into the match believing in the sincerity that they can and should deliver the result for their returning fans. Arteta’s side have struggled relatively in the League despite their exemplary showings in Europe’s second-tier competition known as the UEFA Europa League. But it’s not yet clear what Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta could make out of this one key fixture with a win massively needed in the game, if not to better their position but at least to satisfy the fans who’ve stood behind the team all along in an increasingly poor campaign this term. However, the London side could pip their visiting counterparts with the slightest of margin since goals seem to have dried up from the boots of Arsenal’s front men. Aubameyang’s lack of goal could affect the inspiration his team could require from him thus making it a major concern for the club ahead of this match at the Emirates. But his manager could hope his quality could come to the forefront by virtue of his immense talent amid the creativity made available with folks like Willian (Borges da Silva) and Bukayo Saka alongside him in the final third. While they also acknowledge that Burnley will be a tough nut to crack due to their defensive enumeration against the big sides in the EPL. And the London side must be wary of this factor as the visitors come into the match with nothing to lose and hoping to spring a surprise due to Arsenal’s poor run of form at the Emirates Stadium.