The Enugu State Government, on Wednesday, announced that at least 187 health workers had been infected with the coronavirus disease since its outbreak in the country. It equally disclosed that 15 members of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, currently at the orientation camp, tested positive for the virus. DAILY POST reports that these were disclosed by the State Commissioner for health, Dr Emmanuel Obi, during a press briefing. The commissioner said the State has recorded a total of 9591 cases since its outbreak this year, adding that no fewer than 7489 cases have been treated and discharged. He said there were presently 30 active cases, including the 15 corps members. While warning that the pandemic was yet to be over, he urged residents to take advantage of the sample collection centres in 15 local government areas of the State. Obi told the media that 21 COVID-19 related deaths have been recorded in the State. The Commissioner stated that though the disease had hit the state by surprise with the initial two confirmed cases, the state government had lived up to its responsibilities in the provision of test kits, protective materials and drugs were necessary. According to him, “We have received support from some Non- Governmental Organization (NGOs); World Health Organization; Red Cross among others. We now have a testing centre at the UNTH, Enugu. “We have a private hospital that is also testing and we are in the process of reviewing how many more can be tested. There is a full fledged general hospital at Igboano in Nsukka among others.” He said the state governments had put in place machineries to monitor those who would be entering the state during the Christmas and New Year celebrations, stressing that response teams have been activated in all the 17 local government councils of the state for the purpose. “We are urging our people to be responsible and to take responsibility; this is not a time to be careless, protect yourself and protect others,” he advised.