Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigerian Government has extended the deadline for the citizens to connect National Identification Number (NIN) with their SIM card registration records. The new deadline is now January 19, 2021 for those with NIN, while those without NIN, the deadline has been extended to February 9, 2021. 2. The Olu of Warri, Ogiame Ikenwoli, is dead. The monarch died on Monday, after contracting the deadly COVID-19 disease. 3. The National Assembly on Monday passed the 2021 budget. The lawmakers passed the budget after raising the proposed estimate of N13.082 trillion to N13.588 trillion. 4. Anweh Damian, member of the Medical and Dental Consultants Association of Nigeria (MDCAN), Federal Medical Center (FMC) in Makurdi, Benue state, has died of COVID-19 complications. The association announced his death in a statement signed by A.A. Uche, MDCAN secretary, FMC Makurdi, on Monday, adding that the physician died on Saturday. 5. Boss Mustapha, Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), says four of his children have tested positive for coronavirus. Mustapha, who is the chairman of the presidential task force on COVID-19, during a media briefing in Abuja in Monday, said a family member who is one-year-old tested positive for the virus. 6. The federal government has approved new measures to curb the further spread of COVID-19 in Nigeria. The chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, speaking at a press briefing of the task force in Abuja ordered the closure of all clubs, bars and restaurants, while also restricting number of guests at weddings, conference to 59 as new strain of coronavirus hits the country. 7. Borno State Governor, Babagana Umara Zulum on Monday berated the military over the attacks on travelers and villagers by Boko Haram insurgents in Jakana area of the State. Zulum said that he was majorly disappointed for the fact that majority of the attacks within the last two years, took place between Auno and Jakana, a distance of about 20 kilometers. 8. The Nigerian government has expressed optimism that the Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, will call off the current industrial action in January, 2021. Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment, said the ongoing negotiation between Nigerian government and ASUU would lead to the end of the strike. 9. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), has reported 356 new COVID-19 infections in the country. The public health agency said that the country sadly recorded six additional deaths, while 180 patients were discharged from isolation centers across Nigeria, after recovering from the infection. 10. The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) on Monday assured Nigerians that the network of airports across the country are fully prepared for the usual surge in passenger traffic during the Yuletide. Mrs Henrietta Yakubu, General Manager, Corporate Affairs of FAAN, said the agency has heightened security in all its airports, especially the major international gateways in Lagos, Abuja, Port Harcourt and Kano.