The stage is set for another mouthwatering clash in Europe as some of the best sides engage their counterpart on the pitch. Following Tuesday Night’s encounter we expect an even better package on the showdown in Match Day 5 fixtures. Following the much-anticipated build-up to this match, we evaluate the three games to watch in the UEFA Champions League on Wednesday. Borussia Dortmund vs Lazio The match between the two teams will be special as far as the Champions League is concerned. Both teams possess the plethora of talent capable of seeing them progress to the latter stages of the competition. It may be against all odds but ask Chelsea how they managed to achieve such in 2012. Though the Blues have got a higher repute than these two sides. But the quality Dortmund exude in Erling Brant Haaland and Manchester United linked forward Jadon Sancho is very much interesting to see. While Lazio has the experience of Ciro Immobile to make do of. They will aim for the top spot as only a point separates the two top sides in Group F. Dortmund leads on 9 points and we hope to see how they protect their lead against the well rugged Italian side Lazio. Sevilla vs Chelsea Though both teams have secured top spots in terms of qualification for the next round of the Champions League, a place as group winner will be in the contest on a wide range of view. Chelsea’s attacking influx has been evident on this stage (group) as much as Sevilla’s knack to win games as we’ve seen this season. But finishing in a number one will see both sides in fervent need of the win especially for Frank Lampard who drew the first leg at the Bridge. The Blues boss should be unhappy with the initial stalemate they recorded in this group with Sevilla. And they would be keen to make amends with Hakim Ziyech and Pulisic impact for a top table finish with a possible away win. Manchester United vs. Paris Saint-Germain. The last but not the least is the clash between the Red Devils and the men from the French capital. It could be the star match of the day owing to the high profile status both clubs are known for. And as such much will be in vogue when they balance each other on the field of play. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer would be aiming for a win to continue the weekend momentum. They came from 2-0 down to win 2-3 against Southampton at St. Mary Stadium thus reminding us of their class amid the Alex Ferguson team characteristics. But with PSG in need of a response, it will be a log ahead as both of them take to the pitch in earnest.