The founder and leader of the INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Elijah Ayodele, has released prophesies concerning the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, the Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki and the President-elect of the United States of America, Joe Biden. On the PDP, the cleric, in a series of 2021 prophesies he made available to DAILY POST on Tuesday, said the party must put so many things in place if it wants to wrestle power from the All Progressives Congress, APC, come 2023. According to him, “The PDP needs to re-strategize and pick the right candidate, a very sensible candidate. “The PDP should use the APC weakness to weaken them. But PDP will be having a lot of wranglings because of selfish interests. This may rock the party to fall in 2023.” On the ruling party, Ayodele said, “APC needs total repackaging. “There is going to be more problems for PDP because some of them will be cross carpeting and the APC have to capitalize on their strong points because so many faults will be found with this Government; if not, this Government will be frustrated.” Speaking on Governor Obaseki who just won a second term as Edo State Governor few months ago, Ayodele said, “Governor Obaseki will face challenges even as there will be problems between Obaseki and PDP. “Obaseki will disappoint the PDP. The Deputy Governor and Governor needs prayers because of unnecessary misunderstanding that will cause leakage in Obaseki’s government. The Governor and the deputy needs prayers for understanding.” Joe Biden defeated incumbent President Donald Trump in November and will be sworn-in on January 20, 2021 as the next President of the US. And Prophet Ayodele, in his revelations said “Joe Biden Government will make peace with other countries to bring success and happiness. “Joe Biden Government will reform so many things in America. Some countries that are having issues with America will come up with different opportunities for stability.”