Security agencies in Kaduna state have the killing of a notorious bandit, Nasiru Kachalla. A statement issued by the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said Kachalla, who has been on the run for masterminding several criminal acts, including kidnappings, killings, cattle rustling and banditry, was killed in a clash between his gang and a rival group of bandits. The statement explained that human intelligence networks confirmed that criminals from the rival sides were also killed, including some of Kachalla’s lieutenants. It said the clash occurred in a forest around the boundaries of Kajuru-Chikun Local Government Areas of Kaduna Central Senatorial District, saying that a dispute over a large herd of rustled cattle is said to have triggered the fatal confrontation. The statement further explained that Kachalla and his gang were involved in several crimes, including kidnappings, killings and banditry on the Kaduna-Abuja road and also in the Chikun/Kajuru general areas. It added that he was the mastermind of the 9th January 2020 kidnapping of seminarians of Good Shepherd Major Seminary, Kaduna, and the 24th January 2020 kidnapping of Mrs Bola Ataga and her two children. The statement explained that the criminals later killed one of the seminarians, Michael Nnadi and Mrs. Ataga before releasing her children. It added that Kachalla’s criminal gang was also responsible for the kidnapping of six students and two teachers of Engravers College, in Kakau village of Chikun local government on 3rd October 2019. It said while Kachalla was being pursued, security agents arrested three members of his gang, Tukur Usman, Shehu Bello and Mustapha Mohammed in April 2020. In another development, troops repelled an attempted attack by armed bandits along the Galadimawa-Zaria road in Giwa local government area. The bandits blocked the road for some minutes, shooting sporadically at motorists plying the route. A combined team of the 4 Battalion and Field Engineers Regiment of the Nigerian army mobilized to the location. The road was cleared and normalcy was restored, with no kidnapping or harm to motorists. Troops and police are currently dominating the area with patrols. Furthermore, the government was informed of an incident in a forest located in the Western part of Chikun local government, where armed bandits opened fire on some hunters. Security agencies are carrying out investigations to ascertain the exact location as well as fatalities if any. Citizens will be briefed on the operational feedback as it emerges. In the meantime, Governor Nasir El-Rufai has appealed to Tsohon Gaya, Sabon Gaya and other communities with members missing in the hunting expedition to remain calm.