The Ogun State Police Command has confirmed the lynching of three persons in the state over suspicion of theft. The police said the incident happened at Aseese area of Mowe, Obafemi Owode Local Government Area of the state. In a statement by the Ogun Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Monday, the command said it has observed with great concern, the rate at which some members of the public are taking laws into their hands and applying jungle justice on people suspected of crimes. Speaking, Oyeyemi said, “the unfortunate incident happened in Aseese area of Mowe in Obafemi Owode LG area of Ogun State, where three people were beaten to death and their vehicle set ablaze on mere suspicion of theft, the allegation that has not been substantiated by anyone. “It was the quick Intervention of police from Mowe Division that saved the other two from being gruesomely murdered.” Oyeyemi mentioned that the act is common among commercial motorcycle riders, who he said are always in the habit of attacking motorists involved in an accident with any of their members. “Their usual practice is to set such vehicle ablaze regardless of whether their member is at fault or not, the PPRO revealed. ”The Command is hereby using this medium to warn that such unlawful behaviour will no longer be tolerated in any part of the state, and anybody caught in such dastardly act will be decisively dealt with in accordance with the dictate of the law. While acknowledging the right of everybody to arrest criminal suspects, Oyeyemi explained that such arrested person should be handed over law enforcement agencies for proper investigation and prosecution. He said it is an act of barbarism for anybody to apply jungle justice on suspects, no matter how weighty the allegation levelled against such a person may be. Oyeyemi warned those in the primitive act to desist from it henceforth saying the command will leave no stone unturned to hunt down or anyone culpable of this act and bring same to justice. “To be forewarned is to forearmed!” Oyeyemi stated emphatically.