A former Liverpool and Real Madrid player, Michael Owen has predicted Chelsea to beat Arsenal 2-0 when both teams clash in the Premier League on Saturday evening at the Emirates. Owen also backed Leicester City and Manchester United to play a 1-1 draw at the King Power Stadium on Saturday afternoon. According to him, Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspur will beat Wolves on Sunday night. Providing his predictions, Owen told BetVictor: “Where to start with Arsenal? The Gunners are hapless at the moment. Mikel Arteta does not seem to know anywhere near what his best starting XI is, and there is no sign of their fortunes changing any time soon. “Chelsea arrive here after a solid showing at home to West Ham, and I think the Blues should have more than enough going forward to win this against a side that are really struggling in every area. Arsenal 0-2 Chelsea.” Commenting on the Wolves vs Tottenham game, Owen said: “Tottenham will want to forget last week fast and get back on track away to Wolves. “Jose Mourinho’s sides’ title hopes took a huge dent, with a defeat to Liverpool and a home defeat to Leicester rubbing salt in their wounds. “These are the types of fixtures where I really fancy Spurs. Wolves should come out and play, and if they do, I think the away side will take advantage on the counter. Wolves 0-2 Tottenham Hotspur.” On the Leicester City vs Man United match, Owen said, “It is fair to say that Manchester United’s season has come alive in recent weeks. “Leicester put their home defeat to Everton behind them with a fantastic away result at Tottenham, and for all they’ve been a bit inconsistent this season, they’ll be delighted with their 2nd place in the table just now. “This one could be tight. I do not think there is much between the sides, and I reckon a draw could be the outcome with both sides scoring. Leicester City 1-1 Manchester United.” The kick-off time for Arsenal vs Chelsea is 6:30 pm, Leicester vs Man United is 1:30 pm, while that of Wolves vs Tottenham is 8:15 pm.