The Blues would trade tackles with the promising-looking Toffees at home as the London side is in the hunt for another win. Everton and Chelsea have come a long way in the past and this game is expected to stimulate some form of rivalry. However, there are significant displays to look forward to ahead of the match at Goodison Park. Father and Son Battle The match would see two great managerial figures face each other on the pitch. Lampard would take his side to face Everton with Carlo Ancelotti his rival in the Coaching dugout. Both managers know each other very much having worked together as a player and manager at Chelsea football club some seasons back. Ancelotti has managed the Chelsea side under Lampard’s time as one of the egg heads at the club. Expectedly, there would be a clash of ideas and personalities as both managers understand each other’s mentality in games like this. It will also be interesting as we envisage a father and son managerial characteristics on the field of play. Massive Goal Returns With both sides in fit form, the net could see a couple of busters as the game gets underway in earnest. The meeting between the two may have seen some barren draw in the past. But with the form of the two sides goals will be expected on the field of play. The aspirations of both sides would also be at stake in the final third of the pitch though Everton will be sweating over the availability of South American Superstar James Rodriguez. A goal feast could be anticipated just like we witnessed in the 9 goal thriller under Antonio Conte’s title-winning campaign at Chelsea some season back. It finished 3-6 in favour of Chelsea especially with John Obi Mikel’s magnificent back heel for an assist in that game to Chelsea forward Diego Costa. Attacking Brand of Football The quality in transition is certain to necessitate an attacking brand of football in the field of play and with the quality possessed by both teams we expect the game to live up to expectations Players like Richarlison and Bernardo will give Chelsea a run for their money while Timo Werner would aim to produce the magic for Chelsea in an attacking strategic set-up for the visitors