Two months after Ondo State governorship election, some police officers who were deployed to the State to provide security have cried out over non-payment of their allowances. DAILY POST reports that no fewer than 30,000 police personnel were deployed to Ondo for the October 10 govenorship election that was adjudged as peaceful, fair and credible. It was gathered that the officers drawn from different states in two batches, spent not less than one week in the State for the election duty. While the first batch have been paid, the second batch of about 10,000 police officers are yet to be paid, it was reliably gathered. One of the officers said the amount due to a personnel is between N40,000 and N120,000, depending on the rank. The officer, serving in one of the divisions in Ogun State, spoke anonymously that about 300 of those deployed from Ogun State have not been paid. Other affected policemen said the police authority had told them the money was delayed because most of the officers gave incorrect bank account details. This, they said, might not be true because the same bank accounts are the ones used for their monthly salaries. “They took us to Ondo without accommodation. We spent a week hanging around, yet they refused to pay us. “Before now, they used to give us the allowance one week after the election. We don’t know why this one is different. “This time around, they paid those in the first the. But the second batch of about 10,000 officers have not been paid. They said we have issues with our account details, whereas that’s our monthly salary account,” they said. In their pleas, the officers called on President Muhammadu Buhari to prevail on the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu so as to ensure the urgent payment of the allowances. Contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Ogun Police Command, Abimbola Oyeyemi refused to comment on the issue. “I can’t say anything about this issue. It was not me who deployed them,” he responded briefly. The Force PRO, Frank Mba, did not respond to call and messages to his phone number between Saturday and Sunday morning.