US President-elect Joe Biden and Vice President-elect Kamala Harris have named 110 first White House nominees. They include two Americans of Nigerian origin: Osaremen Okolo, COVID-19 Policy Advisor, and Danielle Okai, Senior Associate Director The list includes individuals from the White House Presidential Personnel Office, Office of Legislative Affairs, Office of the Vice President, Office of the Staff Secretary, and Oval Office Operations. Biden and Harris had confirmed they would announce 100 members of the incoming White House staff by the end of 2020. The figure surpasses 50+ appointments made by the Obama-Biden Transition in 2008-2009. Breakdown shows 61 percent are women; 54 percent are people of color. American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin (AAPI) appointees represent more than twice their share of the national population. LGBTQ+ appointees account for 11 percent, while nearly 20 percent are first-generation Americans. In his remarks, Biden reiterated that he and Harris sought to build an administration that looks like America. The former Senator noted that building a diverse team will lead to better outcomes and more effective solutions to address the urgent crises facing America. “The appointees will draw from their expertise and life experiences to help us build the country back better. Moving forward together, there’s nothing we can’t accomplish,” the President-elect said. Harris stressed that to meet the unprecedented challenges; they must build an administration that reflects the very best of the United States. The former Attorney General of California assured that the appointees have the knowledge and expertise to hit the ground running on day one. “I look forward to working with them to get this virus under control, safely and responsibly reopen our economy and our schools, and build back our country in a way that lifts up all Americans,” the Vice President-elect said. White House Chief of Staff Ron Klain expressed excitement about the incoming staff. Klain added that he could not be more proud of the talented and distinctive team that will work for the American people. View the full list here With today’s announcement, President-elect Biden and Vice President-elect Harris surpass their goal to name over 100 members of our White House team. This diverse and talented group not only looks like America, but will deliver results for working families on day one. pic.twitter.com/JaHv1abVnD — Biden-Harris Presidential Transition (@Transition46) December 31, 2020