Manchester United lock horns with Thomas Tuchel’s men as action returns in the UEFA Champions League on Wednesday Night. The two teams will face a test worthy of note on the pitch. It promises to be a fiesta on the playing turf as both giants clash on the European stage. How (Manchester United and PSG lines will be key to what happens on the pitch. Here are significant things to look forward to in the United/PSG game. Edinson Cavani On The Spotlight The Uruguayan star will be in the headlines for many reasons ahead of the game. Firstly, many viewers would be keen to see how he performs against his former side in this match as United goes head to head with their French counterpart. Secondly, his form is another interesting thing to evaluate ahead of the blockbuster contest. He was in superb form at the weekend scoring (a brace) and making an assist in the win against Southampton. He did it in a classy manner as he came off the bench to inspire the win against the home side. So expect all eyes to be on his performance on this contest. Measure of Revenge The team has come a long way amongst themselves as they met last season in the knockout stages. The home side United may look to have the upper hand since they are playing at Old Trafford. But the PSG side having lost 1-2 in Paris in the first leg will be out for a possible vengeance. It will be great to see how the French giants go about their quest in the game as the match ensues on the pitch. Both sides would aim to enforce their authority especially in the midfield of the park. But the best sides should emerge after 90 minutes of football as PSG nurse some form of rivalry (revenge mission) agenda prior to their clash with Solskjaer’s men. Top Quality Football Both sides are laden with quality despite the injury-laden squad both sides present ahead of the match. Though Axel Tuanzebe and David De Gea may be missing for United as well as Julian Draxler and Thilo Kehrer for PSG. However, the quality in the side should take centre stage on this occasion. The likes of Kylian Mbappe and Ander Herrera should make their presence felt on the pitch. While Neymar Jnr. Santos comes into the game with his amazing talent on the European stage. It will be enticing to see Paul Pogba and especially Bruno Fernandes run the show in central positions as quality would drive many viewers to watch this UEFA Champions League match