The Premier League returns in earnest as we look forward to mouth-watering encounters in the Boxing Day fixtures. Last weekend saw top performances from big guns in the likes of Roberto Firmino, Mohamed Salah and Chelsea’s Tammy Abraham. But the December 26th fixture promises more as interesting games are billed to take place. Following the outings slated in the English topflight, DAILY POST takes a look at three Nigerian players to watch in the Boxing Day contest. Wilfred Ndidi (Leicester City, Midfielder) The Nigerian international midfield star would be on show as Leicester City do battle with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side on Saturday. He’s been absent due to injury and his presence would give his side an edge going into the fixture at the King Power Stadium. Last season both sides met at the same venue and Solskjaer’s men triumphed 0-2 on the occasion. But this time around, Ndidi’s availability would mean so much for the Foxes as they aim for a better place in the League standings ahead in the festive period of games. Ademola Lookman (Fulham, Striker) The talented Anglo-Nigerian winger who is likened to Pius Ikedia with his playing (silky) style and stature would be in action at the weekend. He’s been impressive along in the already ongoing campaign just like he was in electric form against League Leaders and defending Champions Liverpool. He would be a star player from Nigeria’s perspective ahead of their Boxing Day fixture against Southampton. Nigerians can’t wait to see him in the Gernot Rohr led Super Eagles any time soon due to his impressive showings in the Premier League. Owen Otasowie (Wolverhampton Wanderers, Midfielder) The 19 years old midfield player is a big Premier League prospect as he begins to gain ground in one of the most improved sides in the English top-flight like Wolves have shown in the past couple of seasons. If he gets to play he will display his wares as much as he would love to cement his place in the Wolves’ team on a regular basis. He is a quality player for the future and Nigeria must keep an eye on him before he slips away from her hands just like the case of Eberechi Eze (Crystal Palace) and Arsenal’s young lad (Bukayo Saka) who has chosen to play for the Three Lions of England International.