Kogi State Acting Chief Judge, Justice Henry Olusuyi has implored the 9-man tribunal panel saddled with the responsibility of handling cases from local government elections not to betray the trust bestowed on them. Justice Olusuyi made the appeal at the state High Court, Lokoja on Friday, shortly after the swearing-in of members of the local government election tribunal for Saturday, December 12 election to 21 councils in the state. He told the members of the tribunal to operate within the confines of the local government election law of 2004, stressing that the judiciary of Kogi deemed each of the members of the tribunal fit and proper for the assignment. “You were carefully, consciously selected to be part of the team saddled with this assignment. We see you proper and fit for this assignment. We found you worthy for this assignment, we look up to you not to betray the confidence reposed on you”, Justice Olusuyi expressed. He stressed that as part of the tradition of the judiciary, as a pacesetter, the onus lies on them to set up a tribunal, interdem with the law of the land to handle issues arising from local government election which was slated to take place December 12, 2020 in the state. Justice Olusuyi charged the tribunal members not to see the assignment as a money-making avenue, but a place to prove one’s mettle and credibility, according to the law, and with a fear of God. “Remember, that you are an ambassador of the Kogi State judiciary, not to men, but to God. Do not please man, but please God. Our doors are open to you to come over. We will provide the necessary assistance in the course of the assignment, for an effective and efficient outing, Justice Olusuyi assured. Speaking on behalf of the panel members, Mrs Comfort Toluwashe, chairman of panel 1 assured the Acting Chief Judge of Kogi State that they will not betray the confidence reposed on them, thanking Justice Olusuyi for deeming them fit for this assignment. The 9-member panel for the Kogi State local government election tribunal, divided into three different panels has Comfort Toluwashe as chairman for panel 1, Ajesola Joseph Sunday, chairman panel 2 and Anivasa Jibrin as chairman panel 3.