Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Nigerian troops have again eliminated terrorists in Borno. Soldiers ambushed them on Tuesday at Tunkushe village, 20 kilometers from Maiduguri, the State capital. 2. The Christian leadership in Nigeria has directed worship centres to respect authorities’ directives. President of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Rev Samson Ayokunle, who gave the order in a statement on Tuesday, appealed to churches to strictly adhere to COVID-19 protocols and guidelines issued by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), the federal and the state governments. 3. Professor Charles Adisa, President, Nigeria Christian Graduate Fellowship (NCGF), is dead. Rev. Samson Ayokunle, Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) President, in a statement he signed, Ayokunle commiserated with the family, colleagues, friends, relatives, NCGF and Think Tank for the Body of Christ. 4. Prof. Femi Odekunle, a member of the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC), is dead. Odekunle, 77, who was Nigeria’s first Professor of Criminology, died at the COVID-19 Isolation Center in Gwagwalada, Abuja, Tuesday evening. 5. Lagos State House of Assembly, on Tuesday, passed the state government’s N1.164trillion budget for 2021. It was endorsed after a report by Hon. Gbolahan Yishawu (Eti Osa 2), chairman of the joint committee on Economic Planning, Budget and Finance. 6. Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has said that no Nigerian should go to sleep hungry considering the enormous resources the nation is blessed with. Obasanjo, who said this while addressing newsmen in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, on Tuesday, was of the opinion that Nigerian leaders, not God, should be blamed for the situation of things in the country. 7. Gunmen have kidnapped an Ibadan based businessman, Mr. Wole Agboola. The gunmen stormed Abaodo Area, Olukitibi village, in Akinyele Local Government Area and kidnapped Mr. Agboola. 8. The Kaduna State Government, on Tuesday, confirmed that nine bandits were neutralized along Kaduna-Abuja road. This was contained in a statement by the state Commissioner, Internal Security and Home Affairs, Kaduna State. Mr. Samuel Aruwan. 9. Abdulkadir Abdulsalam, National Chairman of the Labour Party (LP), is dead. LP Deputy National Secretary, Kennedy Chigozie, said Abdulsalam passed away Tuesday morning. 10. Five persons, including a toddler died during a shoot-out between two rival cult groups at Lobia community in Southern Ijaw Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. Spokesperson of the State Police Command, SP Asinim Buswat, who confirmed the incident, said four cultists were killed during the clash which happened in the early hours of Monday, December 28.