Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has claimed that bandits abducted the over 600 secondary school students during President Muhammadu Buhari’s visit to Katsina State because they (bandits) and Boko Haram have no atom of respect for the President. He cried out that the insecurity in Nigeria has actually taken a new dimension, adding that Nigerians were yet to come over the recent gruesome and callous murder of not less than 43 agricultural workers in Borno State by the Boko Haram insurgents and another sad development had occurred. DAILY POST reported earlier that students of Government Science Students in Katsina were abducted by bandits, and Bamgbose described the development as a big slap on the Presidency. “One, the President, Muhammadu Buhari is from Katsina, two, the President was in Katsina as at the time of abductions,” he said. “This is really incredible. It has come to show clearly that bandits, gunmen, Boko Haram etc have no atom of respect for President Buhari. “They have come to discover that our President is only good in talking, but a failure in acting. “This scenario is highly disgraceful. Buhari’s inability to protect his kinsmen is unpardonable. One wonders what happens to other regions. “There is no justification for Buhari to continue to be in the Presidential villa. The situation has actually got out of hand. There is no improvement whatsoever. “The security situation is getting worse day by day. This is discouraging and disheartening. I believe that the citizens must device a means to help themselves. “No one can say precisely the fate of these innocent students that were abducted. We are terribly in a big mess. Let me however inform Nigerians that all hope is not lost. “I’ve taken time as a private citizen to think of a way out, and I can confidently say that there is a solution at sight. Come January 2021, this will be unveiled and I’m sure the rate of crime will go down in Nigeria. “We have an uncompromising and collective responsibility to create a safer environment for all to enjoy.”