Olusegun Bamgbose, a chieftain of the New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to vacate the Aso Villa having failed to secure the country. According to Bamgbose, if Buhari fails to buckle up in 2021, there would be protests in Nigeria which the government may not survive, adding that the “EndSARS protest will be a child’s play.”
The senior lawyer warned the President against underrating what Nigerians can do if they are pushed to the wall, reminding him that the citizens have the capacity to remove him from power without seeking the attention of the National Assembly. Bamgbose, in a chat with DAILY POST on Sunday morning, noted that Nigerians didn’t elect Buhari to condemn the activities of the callous criminals, or condole the families of the victims, but to crush the criminals. “Boko Haram insurgents, bandits, gunmen and what have you, have established their presence in the country,” Bamgbose, a 2023 presidential hopeful noted. “Many have been killed, security men not excluded. President Buhari need be told that Nigerians are no longer comfortable with ugly excuses for his inability to protect lives and properties of Nigerians.
The killings are still well pronounced. “We never elected Buhari to condemn the activities of these callous criminals, or condole the families of the victims, we elected him to crush these heartless criminals. “Let me remind President Buhari that he should not underrate what Nigerians can do if they are pushed to the wall. Nigerians have the capacity to remove Buhari from power, without seeking the attention of the National Assembly. “In 2021, Buhari should buckle up to avoid protests as a result of the insecurity situation in the country. This government may not survive any protests as a result of the insecurity situation of the country. “EndSARS protest will be a child’s play. Nigerians voted for Buhari in 2015, believing that as a retired General of the army, he will be able to decisively tackle insecurity in the country, but very unfortunately insecurity is yet to be tamed. “We have the human and material resources to confront and crush insurgency, but one wonders where we are getting it wrong. “Buhari has not deemed it noble to address the nation or honor the invitation of the National Assembly, as per the security situation of the country. “This is so sad. How long are we going to be at the mercy of these merciless murderers. It’s time for Buhari to act like a General or get prepared to vacate Presidential Villa. “I’ll say it for the umpteenth time that, as elected President of Nigeria, I’ll only need 9 months to crush the insurgency. I will be prepared to come up with an undertaking, that if I’m unable to achieve this, I’ll honorably resign and if I fail to do such, the National Assembly should impeach me. “I’ve no business occupying the Presidential Villa if I can’t protect lives and properties of the citizens. My occupation of State House is of no use if I can’t protect lives and properties of Nigerians.”