A chieftain of Alliance for Democracy (AD), in Oyo State, Engineer Oyedele Hakeem Alao has urged Governor Seyi Makinde to immediately address incessant killings in the state. Alao urged Makinde to take issues of security of lives and property in the state with all seriousness instead of treating them with levity. DAILY POST gathered that the state had in the last couple of months witnessed killings of some innocent citizens. Our correspondent recalls that a chieftain of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in State, Dr. Fatai Aborode and a security guard were killed in Igangan and Ibadan last week. But, Alao while reacting said it is worrisome that killing of innocent citizens still persists despite the inauguration of Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN), Amotekun in the State. Alao lamented that the security situation in the state has reached a stage where thieves storm the state Secretariat to steal valuables. Alao who contested the gubernatorial election in 2019 insisted that last week’s invasion of some offices at the state secretariat by some thieves is a clear indication that the Makinde administration is very weak. The AD chieftain in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Thursday through his Media Aide, Omotayo Iyanda said, “As we commiserate with my people in Ibarapa land over the death of Dr Aborode, it is high time Governor Makinde faced the reality of the seriousness of good governance and stop this “populism” style he is bandying around with as his administration has recorded several criminal activities and killings, the recent being the murder of Dr Aborode and another petrol station guard in Ibadan. “Despite all the vans, including the last 25 vehicles of 11 December 2020, being given out to the police and the inauguration of Western Nigeria Security Network (WNSN), Amotekun, killing, rapes, kidnapping, daylight robbery, brigandage and impunity by hoodlums, particularly the urchins who address themselves as Omo Onile (land grabbers) still exists in Oyo State. “Notable among the killings under this administration, which have not been seriously pursued, investigated and concluded, are those of Alhaji Fatai Yusuf Oko Oloyun, Alhaji Babatunde Ore, Modupe Oyetoso’s fiancé (at Lanlate in August), Barakat Bello, and many others, including those that were not reported at all. Giving out vehicles and motorcycles in great numbers is not enough to secure the state. “The worst of all was the recent burglary that took place right under the nose of His Excellency, the Oyo State Governor’s Office. That’s an insult to the sensible indigenes of the state and a clear indication that the Makinde administration is very weak. “Our people are enjoined to be courageous to tell Governor Makinde the truth of the security in the state, not minding how much we love him. We have heard people laying the blame of the poor state of security in the state, which was not like this under late Senator Isiak Abiola Ajimobi, on the doorstep of the federal government. This is not right! The blame of the porosity in the security of Oyo State should be laid before the governor of Oyo State. “As the governor of the state, Makinde has no excuse not to hold the state firm as far as security of the state is concerned. “This government of Seyi Makinde has been notorious for handling serious business of governance, particularly security and peace, with hands in gloves, and that is why we are joining other intelligent people of Oyo State to tell Engr Makinde to start preparing his valedictory note and speech in 2023, although truth is bitter. He should stop being deceived.”#