Olusegun Bamgbose, a chieftain of the New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, has declared that he has positioned himself to take over from President Muhammadu Buhari come 2023. He said that 2023 will certainly be a year of surprises, noting that the Nigerian youth were fed up with the old politicians who make promises but end up doing little for the masses who voted them in. “2023 is a year of changing the status quo. It’s never going to be business as usual,” Bamgbose posited while addressing a crowd of NNPP supporters in Lagos on Wednesday. Bamgbose, who is also a frontline lawyer, said that political heavyweights such as the National Leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu, will not stop him from taking over the presidency. “The Nigerian youths will certainly set the pace come 2023. I’m strategically positioning myself to take over from Buhari, not minding the odds and the obstacles,” he added. “Nigerians in 2023 will have to choose between a richer candidate or a better candidate, a popular candidate or a passionate candidate. “I won’t wait for campaign to start before showcasing my potentials and capabilities. The security situation in the country will need a firm and fearless leader to handle in order to produce positive results. “Hopefully by next year, there is a plan in the offing to minimize crime nationwide. We are concluding on that soon. The jobless youths in the country would soon have cause to smile, because something great is in the pipeline. “Hopefully by next year, we shall introduce, Special Unemployment Relief Fund, SURF and Poverty Alleviation Special Scheme, PASS. I’ve plans to defeat any other aspirant, including Tinubu. “I can modestly submit that I’m getting prepared to take over from Buhari. NNPP will produce the next President of Nigeria. The next President of Nigeria, will be elected, not necessarily on the basis of party affiliation but personality. “I’m passionate about building a better Nigeria than any other person in Nigeria. I’ve plans to empower not less than 100,000 jobless Nigerians before 2023 Presidential elections. “If I fail in this perspective, then I should not be seen as a man of honour. It’s as serious as that. By His grace, I’m the next President of Nigeria.”