With the reactions that followed the Christmas message by the Bishop of Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Matthew Hassan Kukah, President Muhammadu Buhari has been advised to invite Bishop Kukah and other well-meaning Nigerians for further progressive interrogation of his (Bishop) ideas. The President, Global Mission Leader, Social Justice and Peace Advocate, Rev. Dr. Gideon Para-Mallam, in a statement made available to DAILY POST said that
millions of Nigerians still want to see Nigeria work and for the present government to succeed. He added that many were speaking out what may appear as bitter political pills but the truth needed today in Nigeria. He urged both Christian and Muslim clerics to continue with the responsibility of speaking truth to power, saying, “We must continue and never keep quiet, for to keep quiet would be spiritual suicide. Prophetic voices must NEVER surrender at the altar of political expediency. Saving Nigeria should be our collective priority. Nigerians own Nigeria not the leaders. Our collective wisdom can save Nigeria, not the self-serving interest of some in power.” He noted that government needs not respond negatively to what Nigerians say which they don’t agree with, stressing, “Governments do not always have the monopoly of being the only ones who know everything about Nigeria and how to fix it. Government’s performance so far, shows a major need for improvement in their primary responsibility of protecting lives and properties.” He lamented that the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government was in the habit of unleashing the Police or DSS on people who demonstrate their fundamental rights to freedom of speech in speaking truth to power, pointing out that Bishop Kukah had spoken not only for himself but millions of Nigerians who harbour much pains, hurts and are wailing deep inside their hearts. He opined, “Our schools are not safe neither our markets, major roads (especially the notorious Abuja – Kaduna) are not safe. University lecturers are not safe in their homes, religious leaders both Muslims; but especially Christians are not safe in their homes or in their Churches. Our villages are not safe, may be the Government should explain why this is the case even after almost 6 years of their being in power.” He alleged that this government’s main attraction is the grandeur of power and its trappings and not the responsibility that comes with winning elections and governing responsibly. Rev. Dr. Gideon Para-Mallam observed that the present administration had been in the habit of coming so hard on Nigerians who happened to make contrary views, pointing out that “the government sought to discredit and rubbish Kukah in December 2019, and it failed, they tried it on Pastor Enoch Adeboye a few months back and they failed and Prof Ango Abdullahi of the Northern Elders forum was dismissed as a one-man band.” He believed that Bishop Mathew Hassan Kukah’s Christmas message took a swipe at the glaring leadership deficits Nigerians all see in the country under President Buhari’s government, lamenting that instead of listening and appreciating Bishop Kukah and others for having the courage to tell them the truth, the Presidents’ spokespersons are crying wolf against Kukah. He lamented a situation that each time well-meaning Nigerians cried out against the insecurity and insincerity of the leadership, the President’s spokespersons and sometimes security personnel start attacking and going after such decent citizens. He advised President Buhari and his hangers-on who choose to go after Nigerians for ‘wailing’ over their travails and woes in the country to listen to the voices of wisdom, saying that Nigeria today is ranked among the most dangerous countries to live in the world and also the poverty capital of the world.