Manchester United would visit Leicester City on Boxing Day as hostility will be evident in the Premier League in earnest. While both managers square up in the tactical dugout, there will be quality on the pitch as far as the players of both teams are concerned. As both teams gear up for this one amid the looming January transfer window, we take a look at Leicester City players who would be a good signing for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s Manchester United at Old Trafford. James Maddison (Attacking Midfielder) The English International likened to Paul Scholes and former Chelsea legend Joe Cole would be a great addition to the Red Devils side. While there are some uncertainties regarding the future of star player Paul Pogba at the Theatre of Dreams, a new player of that quality can help to set things right especially in the attacking midfield position like Maddison does for this Leicester City side at the moment. His talent has not gone unnoticed as he’s made the grade with the three lion’s side led by Gareth Southgate. He would be a hit playing with the Red Devils as he’s gradually making it big time at Leicester City already. Youri Tielemans (Attacking Midfielder) The Belgium International would prove to be a positive signing for the Old Trafford outfit especially with other sides like Liverpool, Manchester United and PSG linked with the services of the player. He’s performed creditably well for Brendan Rodgers men scoring goals and providing assists more like his compatriot and Manchester City’s star player Kevin De Bruyne. He’s thriving along with some of the best players both at Leicester City with Maddison and in the Belgian in tandem with the Hazard brothers (Eden and Thorgan) and Alex Witsel. Such exposure and experience would see him fit into the Red Devils modus operandi as Solskjaer continues to restructure his team with the hope of improvement depending on how long he (Norwegian manager) stays on the United job. Wilfred Ndidi (Defensive Midfielder) The Nigerian International has grown in leaps and bounds since he arrived from the Belgium League. His absence has cost the Foxes defensive stability as they’ve lacked cover in front of the back four, but he deserves a move to any of the top sides like Manchester United in the Premier League as he’s matured long enough over the years. He’s been linked with the likes of Arsenal, Liverpool and Barcelona but it remains to be seen if he would move any time soon while the January transfer window is close and around the corner. He would be a good buy for Manchester United as Nemanja Matic is ageing and hence the need for a youthful replacement in the mould of Wilfred Ndidi, who fits the bill from a wide range of view.