Chelsea’s in-form star Olivier Giroud could be rested in midweek when his side takes the trip to face Wolverhampton Wanderers. The French man was relegated to the background all season but until the beginning of the December when he netted four times against Sevilla and started both Premier League matches since then. Lampard’s Chelsea side saw their unbeaten run across the season come to an end at the weekend. They lost 1-0 to Everton at the Goodison Park; in a match, Giroud failed to inspire with a shot at goal. Tammy Abraham would be anticipating his chances especially if Giroud is dropped. He was in fine form before the French man took his place in Chelsea’s starting line-up, though he had two goals in his last three league starts. Frank Lampard could make do without the services of Hakim Ziyech and Callum Hudson-Odoi who are sidelined with hamstring issues. Both wingers have been absent for 14weeks for Chelsea and had injuries within days of each other following the hectic beginning of the season. American star Pulisic was left out from Chelsea’s squad at the weekend and has not featured from the start against Sevilla as he aims to pull through an injury-laden start to the season. He is set to miss again and this could see Timo Werner and Kai Havertz start out in wide position for the Blues. The former is yet to find the net in four outings while playmaker Kai remains with just one goal and assist to his credit. The back four and goalkeeping spot is very much predictably known for Lampard and a preferred midfield of Mason Mount, Mateo Kovacic and N’Golo Kante could line-up in the midfield area. But with matches piled up for the London sides, Chelsea boss could choose to bring Billy Gilmour into the side after he put in a decent shift in recent games, but he could more likely choose Jorginho to rotate in the middle for Croatia’s Mateo Kovacic. The Blues are winless against a side in the top half of the League and after dropping out of the top four places at the weekend. They would be aiming to turn this around with a win away at Wolves just like they did earn a 2-5 away win against them last season at the Molineux. Here is a projected Chelsea starting eleven against Wolves: Edouard Mendy; Reece James, Thiago Silva, Kurt Zouma, Ben Chilwell; Jorginho, N’Golo Kante, Mason Mount; Kai Havertz, Tammy Abraham, Timo Werner.