Liverpool will make the trip to face the newly promoted Fulham side away from home in the Premier League. They’ve made their mark in Europe finishing as Group leaders in the UEFA Champions League stage as was widely expected of them. The Anfield guards would be up against a Fulham side needing result of their own to avoid relegation at the end of the season. It will be a clash against the two managers (Jürgen Klopp and Scott Parker) as they would seek to assert their authority in the course of this tie. Both coaches would go for a strong line with the quest to make amends for lost ground already in the campaign. And with Fulham not under pressure, they would prove some test to the visitor’s defence that has been inconsistent for some times in the League now due to the absence of reliable defender, Virgil Van Dijk. Here, DAILY POST takes a look at three (3) individual players that can haunt Jürgen Klopp and Liverpool’s ambitions this weekend. Ademola Lookman (Winger). The talented English forward would be out to make his presence felt in this match. He’s moved back to England where he had a short stint playing for Everton in the Premier League. However, his debut came as a substitute against Manchester City who they incidentally faced last week. And the Citizens wouldn’t have forgotten so soon what he did to them on that occasion when Lookman was back then at Everton. Ademola Lookman took Pep Guardiola’s men to the cleaners as he scored the fourth goal to condemn City to a 4-0 thrashing at the Goodison Park. With Liverpool still steadying the ship defensively due to the absence of Dutch star Van Dijk, anything could happen at the Craven Cottage. Such quality performance could repeat itself on Sunday though he is now on a different team with Scott Parker’s Fulham side. But his current form and quality as a player make the possibility look likely as Liverpool make the trip to face the Fulham team at home. Ruben Loftus-Cheek (attacking midfielder) Liverpool’s midfield is blessed with quality no doubt despite the availability of star names for the visitors this weekend. But Fulham possesses an English starlet who is likely to move the motion in the midfield for his side’s benefit as they welcome the Merseyside club for this contest. It will be a tough one for him to achieve against Liverpool just like he did in the mix of quality stars like Ikay Gundogan, Rodrigo Hernandez and (starman) Kevin De Bruyne last weekend. But there is no ruling out the threat the former Chelsea (loanee) star would bring as we look forward to an interesting match today. Alexandre Mitrovic (Striker) The Serbian International was instrumental to his side’s progress in the season as he’s progressed through the Premier League environment. He would be a great asset for the home side in the match as they go face-to-face with Jürgen Klopp’s men. He’s physical and good in aerial battle; an attribute that could harm Liverpool’s defensive enumeration. His positioning in the box is spot on, while his acceleration in transition could test the Red’s resolve defensively as we look forward to this match on Sunday.