Abia State Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, on Tuesday, rewarded a 15-year old boy, Chibuike Ibekwe, with scholarship and cash for his mother to improve her business. Ibekwe, who had dropped out of school and resorted to scavenging at the Ariaria International Market, Aba assisted his poor mother, Mrs Chika Ibekwe, a petty roadside trader. It was gathered that Chibuike, who hails from Mbano in Imo State, had received a bag containing brand new shoes to dispose, from one Mrs Goodness Uzoukwu, a trader in Ariaria, who deals in shoes and other wears, However, when Chibuike got to where he disposes waste and discovered that the content of the bag given to him was not waste but goods, he returned the shoes to her, refusing to listen to those who wanted to buy them from him. Mrs Uzoukwu, who was happy with the boy, rewarded him and posted the video on Facebook, thanking him for returning her goods. Following the viral video, Governor Ikpeazu requested for a meeting with him saying that such honesty as displayed by the boy is what the society needs. Gov Ikpeazu while receiving Ibekwe, his mother and Elder Emeka Igara, chairman of Ariaria International Market, at his residence in Umuobiakwa in Obingwa Local Government Area of the State, on Tuesday said; “Your name is Chibuike, and mine is Chibuike, too. I am happy you’ve proven to be very honest. “Honest people go far in life. Those who do not take what does not belong to them are people that God helps and saves in their times of difficulty. Thank you for being honest and for not taking what did not belong to you. You will go far in life. “Your today can’t decide your tomorrow because you are honest. You will go back to school. I will ensure you finish your secondary education because you are honest. If you remain honest, you will remain my friend and I will make sure you see me every month. What you have done by returning the goods to the owner is a mark of honor and proof of your honesty. Thank you, once again, Chibuike for being honest”, the Governor added.