The test of a prophet lies in efficacy of what he or she says. When a prophet says something will happen and it comes to pass, the people know that such a prophet is a true man or woman of God. Those who are conversant with the scripture will recall that when God was speaking to the Israelites on how to identify a true prophet, He said when a true prophet speaks, it comes to pass. “When a prophet speaks in the name of the Lord, if the word does not come to pass or come true, that is a word that the Lord has not spoken; the prophet has spoken it presumptuously. You need not be afraid of him,” Deuteronomy 18:22. Bishop Timothy Kume is one who is known to make many prophesies especially on the eve of a new year. He has once again released 100 prophesies about 2021. Those who are conversant with Kume’s prophesies can recall that between June 11 and June 18th, 2017, he prophesied that Governor Samuel Ortom was going to cry after the 2019 elections. He said the next Governor of Benue State was going to be a young man. In his 76 prophesies for 2018, Bishop Kume repeated his prophesy that the Governor was going to lose the 2019 elections, according to him, he saw a new face in Government House in 2019. He went on to claim that Governor Ortom was not doing God’s bidding in Benue State so was doomed to be disgraced out of office. We are all witnesses to not just the victory of Governor Ortom in the 2019 elections, but the wide gap between the Governor and his closest challenger despite the forces against him including the kangaroo impeachment attempt. Still on Bishop Kume’s 2018 prophesies, the Bishop saw Governor Ortom been flown abroad for medical treatment in 2018 as well as a plane crash at the Airforce Base Airport in Makurdi in 2018.
Bishop Kume also prophesied that Former Presidents Olusegun Obasanjo and Ibrahim Babaginda were going to mess Atiku up by giving the PDP Presidential ticket to either Tambuwal, Kwankwaso or Lamido and also give the Vice-presidential ticket to former Governor of Cross River State, Donald Duke. These and many more of his prophesies never came to pass. In the face of overwhelming evidence of the failure of Bishop Kume’s precious prophesies, it is clear that he is fake prophet.
No one needs to lose sleep over his latest negative prophesies as they will still all fail. * Mzer is a public affairs commentator