A former Manchester United and Real Madrid forward, Michael Owen, has predicted that Chelsea will beat West Ham United when both teams clash in Monday’s Premier League tie at Stamford Bridge. Owen also backed Manchester United and Leeds United to play draw at Old Trafford on Sunday evening. According to him, Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspur will beat Leicester City on Sunday, Everton and Arsenal will play a draw at Goodison Park on Saturday evening. Providing his predictions, Owen told BetVictor, “It has been a tough week for Frank Lampard’s Chelsea. They went into last weekend as genuine title contenders, but after back-to-back defeats, the Stamford Bridge faithful will have been left scratching their heads. West Ham arrives here unbeaten in two. The Hammers have been difficult to play against this season. “I can see goals on the menu again, and although Chelsea are wounded, I think they will get the result they need. Chelsea 3, West Ham 1.” Speaking on the Everton vs Arsenal, Owen said, “With back-to-back wins, Everton have certainly turned the corner after a poor run of results. Wednesday’s away win against Leicester lifted the Toffees to 5th place, and up against an Arsenal side who look completely out of sorts, they will fancy their chances. “I think both managers would take a point here, so I am going to side with a scoring draw at Goodison. Everton 1, Arsenal 1.” Commenting on the Tottenham vs Leicester, Owen said, “Jose Mourinho almost executed his plan perfectly at Anfield on Wednesday. A late Liverpool goal means Spurs now sit 2nd in the Premier League, although I think most of their support will still be satisfied by that. “Leicester are becoming increasingly difficult to get a handle on this season. “Spurs have looked extremely professional this season. I think they will be patient here and wait for Leicester to come out. If that happens, Son & Kane are a force to be reckoned with. So, I am siding with Tottenham to win and keep a clean sheet in the process. Tottenham 2, Leicester 0.” On the Man United vs Leeds United, Owen said, “What a great sight it is to see this match back on the fixture list. Leeds travel to Old Trafford in the Premier League for the first time since February 2004. That day the sides drew 1-1, and I think this will be another tight match. “Leeds are at their best when teams come at them. They are excellent at smothering sides and can really run the legs off you if given a chance. “I think United will need to be wary of that. If Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has done his homework, he may approach with caution as they won’t want to get caught out on the counter-attack. “I think we could be in for an entertaining match with the sides ultimately sharing the points. Man United 2, Leeds 2.”