The Everton and Chelsea side would lock horns on Saturday as the season unfolds. Manager Lampard Frank would be aiming to make the three points his own at the end of the contest and Everton is not a pushover in this clash for many reasons. The Toffees would take their chances seeing as it is tough for any team to go unbeaten for long and especially as many sides are struggling to replicate Arsenal’s invincible side of 2004/2005 season. With Chelsea facing a tricky fixture, we analyse why the Blues must be cautious ahead of their meeting with Everton this weekend. Attacking Absentees for Chelsea The London side has been magnificent all season though they struggled defensively early on in the campaign, they, however, seem to have found their rhythm now, following their decent run of form in recent matches. A major blow for the Blues could be the absence of the attacking duo of Hakim Ziyech and Callum Hudson-Odoi in the final third. They will be massively missed due to the hamstring issues they gained in recent outings. This could deter Frank Lampard’s attacking platform despite the presence of Timo Werner and Christian Pulisic for the Blues. The former is primarily a centre forward and the latter is just back from injury and his fitness could be in doubt owing to the recurring injury woes he’s endured in recent times. Carlo Ancelotti’s Managerial Experience The fact that the Everton boss had managed the game at the topmost level could be his advantage going into the match. Experience is the best teacher as the saying goes and this may present further fortune for the Italian boss (Carlo) Ancelotti prior to Chelsea’s visits to the Goodison Park. He’s had valuable experience as a manager and this could see him find the right blend in the toughest of occasions. With Chelsea next in the build-up to the massive Premier League weekend Carlo may engineer an unpredictable tactical mix-up in this one. We will wait to see if he would deploy the diamond formation he’s well used to during his days at Chelsea. Dominic Calvert-Lewin Availability The talented English star is in a rich form at the moment and it could see him trouble the defensive mix-up between Thiago Silva while Chelsea has got a lot of work to keep him out in the contest. He would be a massive threat going forward against Chelsea especially alongside Brazilian forward Richarlison. Any form of slack could be the deciding moment against Chelsea just like error Patrick Bamford capitalized on to give Leeds United an early lead away at Stamford Bridge last weekend. Calvert-Lewin could be Carlo Ancelotti’s major weapon going forward as the Italian hopes to make the most of his good run of form.