Manchester United would welcome the boys from London this weekend as they trade contest with West Ham United in the Premier League. However, there are some concerns in terms of injury as the home side await the arrivals of their opponent for this match. The Red Devils striker (Rashford) is a doubt for the match against the West Ham United after suffering a recurring shoulder injury in the UEFA Champions League. Manchester United manager, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer will wait for Marcus Rashford till Sunday to ascertain if he is ready to face West Ham this weekend. Rashford scored the Red Devils’ only goal of the match against Paris Saint-German before having to pull out due to injury. United boss reiterated later on that he was substituted due to a niggling shoulder injury, and that the club is looking forward to Marcus Rashford’s availability for the West Ham match. Although, he could still play, it may be the real-time to save him prior to the crucial Champions League tie against German side RB Leipzig. If he is left out or is placed on the substitute bench, he could be replaced by younger Mason Greenwood. Edinson Cavani still awaits news on a potential ban following his racist comment on social media post after the 2-3 triumph at St. Mary’s, but if cleared, he could get to feature after scoring the much-needed winning goal against the Saints. David De Gea was withdrawn against Southampton via injury he coped in the game. But he was available in goal for the PSG game. And so could be fine to start for sure. With left-back Luke Shaw not close to match fitness after his injury issue. Brazil’s Alex Telles should fill in for him at left-back. While he would line up along with the trio of Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Aaron Wan-Bissaka in the United’s defence. Fred’s red card could see him make do with a place on the bench as per his own punishment. While Nemanja Matic could come into Manchester United starting line-up for the tie. Predicted Manchester United XI (Eleven) Against David Moyes’s West Ham United. David De Gea; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof, Alex Telles; Nemanja Matic, Scott Mc Tominay; Mason Greenwood, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Edinson Cavani.