Chelsea faltered at Stamford bridge after they were held to a 1-1 draw against Aston Villa on Monday night football. It was a game the Blues needed to win to move into the Premier League top four but they let in a goal later on to share the spoils in the London Derby contest. Lampard was unhappy with his sides’ draw with Aston Villa and they would be looking forward to the next games on Match Day 17. Following the 1-1 draw on Monday Night Football, DAILY POST evaluates the interesting features and match statistics as Chelsea fails to record the win. Shots on target 5 (Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 3 The encounter between two London side ensured that the match lived up to the billing in the final third. Chelsea had the upper hand in the game unlike the visiting Aston Villa had in the game. They recorded 5 shots on target compared to the 3 shots on target that Aston Villa had in the game. Shots Off Target 8 (Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 6 The Blues may have had the upper hand in the tie over the visiting Villa side but it was clear here that Chelsea missed a lot of chances in the game. It led to their misery as they endured another 1-1 draw at home. They had 8 shots off target while Aston Villa had 6 shots off target. POSSESSION 6 (Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 36 Chelsea dominated the game as they faced up with Aston Villa at Stamford Bridge. They had 64% of the ball compared to Aston Villa’s 36% of the possession in the 90-minute affair. However, Chelsea could not make it count as they allowed Aston Villa back in the game. Corners 11 (Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 4 Chelsea’s intensity in the final third ensured they had 11 corner-kicks in the match. Though Aston Villa managed to produced about 4 corner-kicks of their own in the game. Offsides 1(Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 1 The Blues and their Aston Villa counterpart were guilty of one offside call apiece in the entire duration of the game. Chelsea was drawn out of position especially when their second goal was ruled out for offside. While Dean Smith’s men lost their cool when they went in search of an equalizer. Fouls 16(Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 3 The physical challenges that took place in this match showed that Chelsea committed a large number of fouls in the match. The match culminated into 16 + 3 – 19 fouls in the entire match. But it was the home side that recorded 16 fouls as regards to Aston Villa 3 fouls in the match. Yellow Card 3 (Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 1 The match produced a total of 4 Yellow cards in the match but Chelsea had 3 bookings. Aston Villa Anwar EL-Ghazi was given a yellow card in the 71st minute. While Chelsea’s trio of Cesar Azpilicueta, Olivier Giroud and N’Golo Kante was booked in the 45th, 71st and 74th minute of the game respectively. Goalkeeping Saves 2 (Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 4 Despite the brilliance of Edouard Mendy in goal, Aston Villa found their way back in the game. The Senegalese International was able to make only 2 goalkeeping saves while he conceded 10 minutes before the hour mark. Aston Villa’s Emiliano Martinez made 4 goalkeeping saves. Goal-Kick 6 (Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 10 The game produced about 16 goal-kicks in the entire match. Chelsea could produce 10 goal-kicks in the opposing area due to their increased quest for goal in the game. Aston Villa managed to produce 6 goal-kicks against Frank Lampard’s side in the contest. Treatments 3 (Chelsea) (Aston Villa) 3 Chelsea and Aston Villa produced a total of about 3 + 3 – 6 treatments in the entire match. Chelsea’s quest and the physical surge in the tie ensured they created 3 treatments while the visiting Aston Villa side also had the same number of treatments with 3 treatments as well.