Arsenal’s defeat has become unceremonious as their pedigree may have been dragged. They lost 1-2 to Wolves including their recent woes against Brendan Rodgers’ Leicester City and Pep Guardiola’s side as well. They will be needing team evaluation to get things back to normal again. Arteta could be panting now for a solution as things seem to been going the wrong way for them in the English topflight. However, it promises to be interesting to see how Arsenal fares in the next couple of games, while they hope to turn around their fortunes, maybe starting from their visit to face Spurs at the weekend. With the result unprofitable for the London side at the moment, DAILY POST takes a look at why Arsenal is struggling to deliver positive showing on the pitch this term. Lack of team balance Arsenal’s shape has become another issue so to say, as they are failing to maintain a tactical structure and dynamics in their approach in games. Though Arteta has done well especially at the start of the season with a decent result here and there, he must look inwards to see what is befalling this team on a big view. The London side is beginning to lose their team balance owing to the loss (unavailability) of midfield star, (Thomas), Partey and (Mohamed) Elneny. The duo’s primary function is to protect the Gunners back four in the course of a game, but their absence has been evident which has limited the team’s structure and winning formula for Arsenal. It has led to the team’s lack of protection for the back four amid a decent contention in the midfield. They are lagging behind in the League log at the moment. Arsenal’s inward crisis The Gunners may have got quality throughout their ranks but one thing is needful. This must be rectified so that the Arsenal side can emerge stronger this season. Though stars like Willian, Nicolas Pepe and Dani Ceballos have shown their quality in the ongoing campaign and Bukayo Saka’s and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s outings have been notable at least this term, but the case of Mesut Ozil not featuring for Arsenal could be a big dilemma at the club. Manager Arteta must make a constructive approach to this stance and in earnest. While burying the hatchet he has with the obviously talented playmaker, Mesut Ozil who is likened to his (German) compatriot and Chelsea’s Kai Havertz owing to their similarities on the ball, his absence may have resulted in Arsenal’s inability to steady the ship as far as the dressing room priority and team euphoria is concerned. His creativity and experience have been missing, in the long run, to fire Arsenal out of danger zone like, they’ve found themselves at the moment. Increased Injury for Arsenal The Gunners’ injury list has dampened their season as we have always seen in the past. Players like Thomas Vermaelen and Jack Wilshere had given the Londoners injury woes in the past season. Thomas has joined the treatment room yet again, with Ghanaian’s Partey’s absence already costing Arsenal points in the ongoing campaign. Against Wolves, David Luiz limped off and was replaced by Rob Holding just after the intermission. And it took the young defender time to get going in the game via his influence on the pitch. Maybe the home side would have done better with David Luiz experience and presence in the heart of Arsenal’s defence. But they were unfortunate to lose his service in the match against Wolves. This could alter Mikel Arteta’s tactics amid his game plan for a particular game as he would be forced into making inevitable substitution that doesn’t suit his (team) paradigm in the course of a game as mentioned above. Such has dealt a blow to Arsenal’s season as it’s beginning to generate more concerns for the club at the moment. Lads like Willian and Nicolas Pepe have been absent at some point when their services were needed mostly in the team. And they will hope things get better ahead of the January transfer window to make valuable additions to the side.