Following the rising cases of people affected with COVID-19 in Kaduna State, the Ministry of Education has directed all schools in the State to close on Wednesday, 16th December, 2020. In a statement on Tuesday morning, Commissioner of Education, Alhaji Shehu Usman Muhammad said, “the ministry wishes to inform the general public, parents, guardians and students of the date of school’s closure due to rising cases of COVID-19 infections in the state which shows a replicate of figures recorded in the first wave of the pandemic in April, May and June 2020. Indicating that a new wave of the infection is rapidly spreading across the state.” He said, “The state’s ministry of health has further confirmed that, while the infections cut across age groups, this new wave, especially, affects those between 10 and 35 years (which form a majority of the populace in the education sector). “Thus, in it’s efforts to contain the spread of the pandemic and save the lives of people in the state, the Kaduna State Government is directing all Public, and private schools to conclude all necessary arrangements and close on Wednesday 16th December, 2020 as opposed to the initial closings. “Therefore, all examinations must be concluded on or before, Tuesday, 15th December, 2020 in all institutions of learning across the State. “Physical classes in the universities and other institutions of higher learning will not be held during the period of closure. Institutions can make other arrangements for teaching and learning and other activities in line with their conformity and contingency plans. In order to minimize the impact on learning and teaching, all schools will continue to plan lessons or where possible, provide online resources for students or online lessons where schools are equipped to do so. “However, learners in the basic, post basic and secondary schools levels can continue learning while at home from the Kaduna State TV and Radio e-learning programmes.” He added that “While the state government continues exerting efforts to prevent the spread of the pandemic, the general public is urged to continuously comply with all COVID-19 protocols to avoid the likelihood of the worst case scenarios of the disease in the state. “All residents of the State are, therefore, encouraged to adapt the spirit of the FORWARD campaign which encourages everyone to adhere to the guidelines provided by authorities in the healthcare sector which includes: “Wearing face masks aways, observing physical distancing, respiratory hygiene, washing hands with soap under running water or using hand sanitizers, avoiding large gatherings, remaining indoors when there is no need to be outdoors and dieting, eating balanced meals to boost immunity.”