Brendan Rodgers men would welcome the Red Devils at home as we look forward to an interesting encounter at the weekend. Both sides would aim to give each other a great test while they would love to celebrate in the wake of the festive season with a win. This would see players of different sides go face to face not minding the battle both managers (Brendan Rodgers and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer) could bring to the match equation. DAILY POST takes a look at key battles ahead of the Leicester City and Manchester United clash. Wilfred Ndidi vs. Bruno Fernandes Ndidi’s immense ability to read the game would be tested with Bruno’s amazing ability in the final third. He would want to be a catalyst for his side just like they defeated the Leicester side at the last match of the 2019/2020 season. And against the Nigerian International midfielder, the Portuguese star would need to be at his best as Ndidi would prove a point with his tackling prowess in this fixture after recovering from injury. James Maddison vs. Scott Mc Tominay Manchester United’s Scott Mc Tominay would be on the show after his impressive brace in the 6-2 win of Leeds United at the weekend. However, with Maddison thriving in the centre of the park in this 0-2 success away at Tottenham Hotspur, the Scottish United midfielder would have his hands full in this fixture. Maddison trickery and eye for the final pass would be up against Mc Tominay’s smartness in midfield as both sides square up against each other at the King Power Stadium. Jamie Vardy vs. Harry Maguire This would be a battle of experience as both sides aim to get the better of each other in one of the Boxing Day fixtures. Maguire has played along with Jamie Vardy in the same team having joined United from the former Champions (EPL) Leicester City some seasons ago. But the match would see the defender wage war against Vardy as both players would be rooting for their sides’ interest in the match. Vardy’s pace and goal-scoring quest would be driven to the limit by the nimble-footed defender (Harry) as we expect an explosive contest at the Leicester City ground, known as the King Power Stadium.