The Rivers State Police Command has ordered the arrest of members of a local security outfit in the state for dehumanising a new generation Church pastor, who was alleged to have defiled his three daughters. Members of the Onelga Security, Peace and Advisory Council (OSPAC), operating in Etche Local Government Area of the state arrested the pastor (names withheld), stripped him and beat him before handing him over to the police. The pastor, who confessed to the crime in a viral video on social media, was also beaten in the presence of his wife and son for allegedly committing the act. DAILY POST gathered that it was the pastor’s son who reported his father to the security outfit after he learnt that his mother was complicit and had been covering up. The local guards were said to have mobilised to the pastor’s residence, took him outside and stripped him naked. In the video, a member of the group asked why the suspect defiled his daughters, who answered that he was bewitched by his late mother. “It is because of a witchcraft force. My mother told me not to marry this woman (pointing to the wife), but I refused to take her advice. My wife forces me to do this thing and in the process I have killed 8 of my children. So, my mother did that to punish me and bring shame on me,” he said. Asked the name of his church and how many members he had, the pastor said, “My church is in Chuwuta in Igbo-Etche. I have many members but I have not had sex with any of the women in my church.” Angered by his explanation, a man suspected to be the leader of the vigilantes, slapped the cleric, while two other members flogged him with canes. 56-year-old, wife of the Pastor while answering why she has been covering up said, “I cannot do anything because I love my husband and I cover him. But I told him not to do it again. I cover him. But I told him not to do it again. I cover him because of love.” Reacting to the incident, Spokesman for the Rivers State Police Command, SP Nnamdi Omoni, expressed anger at the way the vigilante group handled the matter. According to Omoni, “All those involved in the matter, including the vigilantes, will be arrested for taking the law into their hands. “They compounded the situation by not reporting to the police. The Divisional Police Officer in charge of that area has been mandated to bring all those behind it to justice.”