A security guard working in a petrol station in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital has been killed. DAILY POST gathered that the security guard identified as Isau Yisah was killed in the early hours of Saturday when some armed robbers attacked Moniya area of Ibadan. The deceased who until his death was working as a security guard at Tybato petroleum station in Moniya, was hacked to death by suspected armed robbers who attacked the Asanmajana area. The community security guards were said to have resisted the armed robbers from carrying out their operation, leading to a gun battle and subsequent attack on the petroleum station. There are speculations that the security guard could have been killed because he identified some of the criminals. The deceased was found in the pool of his blood at the wheel alignment section within the petroleum station, it was gathered. A stick with blood stains supposedly used to hit the deceased was found close to the corpse. Public Relations Officer of the state Police Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi confirmed the incident to DAILY POST. Fadeyi added that the corpse of the deceased has been deposited at the morgue of General Hospital, Moniya. Fadeyi in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday added that the owner of the petroleum station, Mr. Olatunji Isaac reported the incident to the police. He said, “On 12/12/2020 at about 0905 hrs, a report was received at the Divisional Police headquarters, Moniya from one Olatunji Isaac ‘m’ the owner of TYBATO Petroleum station Sawmill area, Moniya that unknown hoodlum(s) broke into his office and stole a Plasma Tv valued #40,000 and some provisions value yet unknown. “He further stressed that his security guard, one Isau Yisah ‘m’ aged 43 yrs was met in the pool of his own blood with an injury on his head after a plank was seen beside him supposedly to have been used to smash him on his head. “His corpse was immediately removed to General Hospital, Moniya and deposited in the morgue. “Investigation has commenced into the dastardly act and effort intensified to arrest the culprit(s). I further want to give a clarion call to the communities nearby, to give the Police credible information that can unravel the mystery behind this evil act and perpetrator(s) brought to book. “The control room numbers and social media handles are available for quick response to distress calls, please.”