The Muslim Rights Concern, MURIC, has called for adequate protection around worship centres during the Christmas season. MURIC, an Islamic human rights organisation, made the call in reaction to an alarm by the Department of State Services, DSS, over plot to bomb worship centres. DSS had warned of possible coordinated bomb attacks during the yuletide season. Spokesman of the secret police, Peter Afunanya had said criminal elements planned to use a combination of explosives, suicide bombings and other dangerous weapons during the yuletide season. However, MURIC charged Nigerians to be security conscious during the festive season. A statement by MURIC’s Director, Prof. Ishaq Akintola, urged security operatives around worship centres, to search bags, vehicles and packages. The group felicitated with the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, Rev. Samson Olasupo Ayokunle, President of the Christian Association of Nigeria and all Christians across the country. MURIC also called on Nigerians to pray for the return of Leah Sharibu, the Christian student who was abducted by Boko Haram some years ago. According to MURIC: “We felicitate with our Christian neighbours as they mark 2020 Christmas. We share with them the aura of festivity and wish them a merry Christmas. In particular, our greetings go to Professor Yemi Osinbajo, the Vice President of Nigeria, Rev. Samson Olasupo Ayokunle, President of the Christian Association of Nigeria and all Christians in the country. “By the same token, we charge Nigerians to be security-conscious and to report any suspicious person to the security agencies. People inside or around churches and mosques should be on the lookout for strange faces as well as abandoned vehicles, bags and packages. Such items should not be touched but reports should be lodged with the authorities with immediate effect. “We call on Nigerians to spend the period in sober reflection and to pray for the safe return of Leah Sharibu in particular, the Chibok girls and all other captives in general.”