Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Barr. Bashir Mohammed, the lawmaker representing Nguroje Constituency in the Taraba House of Assembly, has been kidnapped. The lawmaker, who is the Chairman of the House Committee on Information, was abducted from his residence at about 1am, on Wednesday. 2. The National Executive Committee (NEC) of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday, expelled a former National Vice Chairman, South-South, Ntufam Hilliard Eta. The party’s NEC also dissolved states, zonal, and national party’s structures, following an emergency meeting of APC’s leaders at the Aso Presidential Villa, Abuja. 3. The National Executive Committee (NEC) of the All Progressives Congress (APC) on Tuesday, approved waivers for new members. This would allow them to contest party primaries ahead of the 2023 elections without waiting for two years as required. 4. The Nigerian government has ordered the reduction of pump price of petrol from N168 per litre to N162.44 per litre. Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige said the reduction would take effect from December 14, 2020. 5. The organised labour in Niger State has suspended its seven-day-old industrial action over 30 per cent cut in salaries of civil servants in the state. A statement by Mr Yakubu Garba, Chairman, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and Mr Tanimu Yunusa, Chairman, Trade Union Congress (TUC) in Minna on Tuesday, stated that the industrial action has been suspended following amicable resolution with the government. 6. President Muhamadu Buhari, on Tuesday, revealed that the land borders will soon be opened for trade. Buhari said he explained to governors during a closed-door meeting that the governments of the neighbouring countries have received the message and should be ready for the reopening of borders. 7. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has confirmed 550 new cases of COVID-19 infections in the country. The health agency said that the 550 new cases had taken the total number of infections in Nigeria to 70,195. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has fired Nasiru Mohammed Ladan Argungu, the Director-General, National Directorate of Employment (NDE). Buhari in a statement issued by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Mallam Garba Shehu, instructed the Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Barr Festus Keyamo (SAN), to appoint an Acting Director-General from among the Senior Directors of the agency to replace Argungu in the meantime. 9. One person was on Tuesday, injured at the venue of the Ondo State Election Petitions Tribunal sitting in Akure, the state capital. The victim, a member of the Peoples Democratic Party, Eyitayo was allegedly attacked by thugs suspected to be members of the National Union of Road Transport Workers, NURTW. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Tuesday, blamed lecturers for the eight-month-long strike by the Academic Staff Union of Universities. Buhari, during a security meeting with the 36 governors in Abuja on Tuesday, said lecturers have failed to consider the larger challenges facing the country, which has resulted in the prolonged strike.