Nigerian singer, Omah Lay has shared the horrible experience he had in Uganda after he was arrested and locked up in prison for flouting COVID-19 rules. Recall that the singer was arrested for flouting COVID-19 guidelines while performing on Saturday night at a concert held at Speke Resort. Following diverse reactions from Nigerians and an immediate call for their release by the Nigerian government, the Ugandan police on Tuesday announced that the duo have been released. According to the police, ”Omah Lay and Tems regained their freedom following a ruling by Okumu Jude Muwone, Chief Magistrate of Makindye.” The duo arrived Nigeria on Thursday. The singer took to his Twitter account to share his experience in Uganda, describing the past few days as the toughest days of his life. He also claimed he was treated like a common criminal after his arrest. According to him, the show promoters confirmed and proved they’d secured all clearances, including COVID-19 compliance, proving that it was ok for him to go ahead with the event. ”The past few days have been some of the toughest of my life and I wouldn’t wish them on anyone. “Out in a new country with some beautiful people,and then from nowhere I’m being treated like a common thief “Firstly, I want to thank all the amazing fans that came out to see me in Uganda, the smiles on your happy faces that evening would be one of my happiest memories. “Also I wanna clarify that putting you in harms way was never my intentions! Before we came out to Uganda, the show promoters confirmed and proved to us they’d secured all the clearances including the Covid 19 compliance. “At that point, my priority became to make myself available to be taken to the venue and entertain, which I did in the full protection of the Ugandan police. ”Secondly, to my mom, my family, my team, my fans, friends that I caused sleepless nights waiting and praying for me, I apologize for putting you through all that and I can’t stop thanking you enough. I almost lost my mind but your prayers and messages kept me going. ”Finally,I would like to say a big thank you to everyone for your efforts, prayers, messages, tweets. You all went hard. “Big shout out to my fellow musicians, fans, my family, my friends, my Label, The Nigerian Mission in Uganda, The Presidency, The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Madam Abike. Thank you all so much! ”I have put this behind me and back to what I know how to do best. One Africa.Omah is home,” he wrote.