The Ogun State Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs has stopped the Oniro of Iro, Oba Najeemdeen Alani Aromaye from parading as a monarch. This was contained in a letter sent to the Alake and Paramount Ruler of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Aremu Gbadebo, by the Ministry. The letter dated December 4, was signed by the Director of Chieftaincy Affairs, Adesoji Adewuyi, on behalf of the Permanent Secretary. The letter made available to DAILY POST said the Egba Traditional Council was directed to “enforce an order of the Ogun State High Court restraining Oba Aromaye from parading himself as the Oniro of Iro” Igbein in Obafemi Owode Local Government Area of the state.” The Ministry asked the council to withdraw the stipend due to him pending the determination of the litigation in the high court. The Ogun State Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Hon. Afolabi Afuape confirmed the development to DAILY POST on Monday. Speaking with our correspondent on phone, Afuape tersely said, “the letter is from the Ministry.” DAILY POST gathered that the embattled monarch was dragged before the court in 2014 by one Sikiru Adebari and Kamoru Adebari, claiming that he is not a member of the Oleyo ruling house. Justice Gboyega Ogunfowora had on September 15, 2014, granted an interlocutory injunction restraining the Aromaye from parading himself until the determination of the substantive suit against him. But despite the court order, Aromaye was said to have presented himself for installation on September 16, 2014, the day after the court gave its order. Consequent upon this, Aromaye was convicted by the court in 2016 for contempt of court, causing the state government to withdraw all the privileges he was entitled to as an Oba. But, Aromaye filed an appeal before the Appellate court in Ibadan and he was granted a stay of execution, DAILY POST learnt. On March 28, 2017, the appeal court ruled that: “Given the application dated 10/3/17 filed by the 1st defendant at the Court of Appeal, further proceedings in this suit are hereby stayed, pending the hearing and determination of the motion for stay dated 10/3/17 by the court of Appeal.” With the ruling, Aromaye was reinstated as the Oniro of Iro by the Ogun State government pending the determination of his appeal. However, the Ministry in its new letter to the Egba Traditional Council, said it “was notified of the recent withdrawal of the application for stay of proceedings by the appellant and the subsequent striking out of the appeal by the Court of April while the matter is back to the high court for continuation of trial.”