Six people including a police officer were reportedly killed in the aftermath of an attack in Garkida town of Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State in northeast Nigeria. It was also reported that eleven youths were abducted by the attackers who looted food and medicine stores in the town. The attackers also burnt down construction vehicles and houses during the onslaught. According to residents, they were forced to flee the town into the mountainous areas. A resident who identified herself as Rebecca disclosed that the insurgents stormed the town when the people were making last minutes’ preparations for Christmas. “They came into the town with about five vehicles and started sporadic shootings, forcing the villagers to flee in the ensuing confusion. “We could see them from afar in our hideouts as they continued to loot, ravage houses, pharmaceutical stores even as domestic animals were not left out,” she stated on phone from the area. Another resident who shared his experience said, “I departed Yola on the 24th of December to celebrate the Christmas in my sweet home of Garkida. Little did I know a bitter experience awaits me. “I had a safe drive to Garkida, but on entering the town, I was welcomed by an Army truck filled with armed personnel speeding towards the entrance of the town. stopped by the market, trying to enquire what was happening, to my dismay, everyone was running for his dear life. “I managed to stop someone and asked, his answer sent a paralysed feelings down my spine, “they are coming again”. Without much ado, I knew it was Boko Haram.” Residents of Garkida said they hid in the mountain and watched the terrorists engage in fierce battle with the Army and the vigilantes. “We could see them also packing cartons of drugs from the hospital store. Moments later, we saw fighter jets dropping bombs and neutralising them. According to residents, “The following morning, 25th, we began counting our losses. A police officer was shot dead. 5 other corpses were later found, two of which are believed to be workers of the ongoing water project, and the others, youths. “Trucks belonging to road project contractor were all raised down, hospital pharmacy was broken and all medications looted, hospital ambulance was vandalised, cars belonging to people were burnt, 11 of our youths were taken into captivity. ” There has been no official confirmation from the police or the military, but sources said that three air force fighter jets have been on routine bombardment of the areas as they continue to attack the insurgents.