Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Christians in Nigerians today join the rest of the World to celebrate Christmas. Christmas, which is the commemoration of the birth of Jesus Christ, is celebrated annually on December 25. The entire staff and management of DAILY POST MEDIA LIMITED wish our esteemed readers and advertisers Happy Christmas and a prosperous New Year in Advance! 2. In line with the prevailing protocol put in place by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, restricting large gatherings, President Muhammadu Buhari has cancelled all forms of the usual Christmas homage by religious and community leaders in the Federal Capital Territory. The President urged all citizens to, in line with the prescribed protocol, observe social distancing, use face masks, wash hands frequently and avoid overcrowding of public spaces, markets, shopping centres, offices and places of worship. 3. Olisa Metuh, former National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), was released from Kuje Prison Thursday evening. This came after the Federal High Court, Abuja, admitted him to N250 million bail. 4. A new variant of the deadly coronavirus appears to have emerged in Nigeria. The Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which issued the alert on Thursday, announced plans to commence further investigation. 5. The Governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong, has recovered from COVID-19 after testing negative for the virus. The Director of Press and Public Affairs to the governor, Dr Makut Macham, disclosed this on Thursday in a statement in Jos. 6. Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has tested negative to COVID-19. His Chief Press Secretary, Gboyega Akosile, on Thursday afternoon via his Twitter page said the Governor has recovered from COVID-19. 7. The Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, has disclosed why it would resume the suspended industrial action. ASUU National President, Prof Biodun Ogunyemi said the union would resume the suspended strike if the federal government failed to fulfil the agreements reached. 8. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Chris Ngige, has said that he will do everything to make sure the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) does not embark on another strike. According to him, his three children were affected by the nine-month industrial action embarked by ASUU. 9. Nigeria has approved the engagement of a Civil Society Organisation (CSO) that will monitor the implementation of $312million Abacha loot recovered in May. In a statement on Thursday, Umar Gwandu, spokesman to Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, said Cleen Foundation will monitor transparency in the management of recovered funds. 10. Suspected Boko Haram insurgents have attacked Garkida, a town in Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State. The insurgents were, Thursday night, said to have launched the fresh attack by entering Garkida through Gada Uku bridge in 13 Hilux vans.