The Chairman, Southeast Governors Forum and the Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi on Friday declared war against banditry, cultism and other related crimes in the state. Umahi’s decision to war against crime was part of a Christmas message to the state, The governor offered a juicy reward to anyone who will catch or lead the state government to cultist hideouts. He said “We are aware of the spate of insecurities in many states of our nation, Nigeria, Ebonyi State was not spared in the past few weeks, we as a people, have declared war against cultism and banditry in Ebonyi State. “We have offered a reward to anybody that will lead us to anywhere anybody is training to cause havoc on our people or where any cultist and their members are camping. “We will give a handsome reward to any informant and the source of our information will be well protected and reward will also be done in secret. “I ask our people to go about their normal businesses to celebrate the birth of our Lord Jesus Christ and to put their hope positively for 2021. The governor also charged the citizens to be vigilant and monitor the activities of suspected hoodlums who are terrorizing the people of the state. “Let us be very vigilant, let us also be prayerful. It is my prayer for you and your families that 2021 will be a very fruitful and rewarding year. “I implore you to celebrate in peace and show kindness to your neighbours, to the downtrodden, to the widows, to the sick. “God in his infinite, despite the challenges of 2020 has been kind to us as a state, indeed we have really developed and this we must thank God almighty for and thank each of you, my destiny helpers and those at home, our destiny helpers. “All the challenges that are happening are the signs of the end time, it is not peculiar to Nigeria, it is all over the world, so let us be very watchful, let us be very prayerful, let us be very forgiving, let us also work very hard so that by the time our Lord Jesus Christ will come which nobody knows when, we will not be found wanting but we will be with him, celebrating with him” he stated.