The Match Day 15 would offer viewers the chance to have a memorable moment as the Premier League returns on Saturday. A host of mouth-watering encounters are billed on Boxing Day and we anticipate a lot of goals as the games get underway. Manchester United was impressive winning 6-2 against Leeds United just like Chelsea defeated West Ham 3-0 at Stamford Bridge. And these games would be hard to predict as DAILY POST takes a look at the key games to look forward to at the weekend. Leicester City vs. Manchester United Manchester United and Leicester City would lock horns in the early kick-off on Boxing Day as the game brews a lot of expectation. It promises to be a defining moment for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to go further in asserting his credentials on the United Coaching hot seat. He must take this game very seriously bearing in mind that PSG has sacked Thomas Tuchel some days ago. Leicester would hope that the return to action of some of the key men as well as a home advantage would help their aim and ambitions ahead of this fixture. Arsenal vs. Chelsea The London derby would always make a great feat in the Premier League as we’ve witnessed in the past seasons. But this one would even go further to be a great contest owing to the quality of players available to the two teams. Despite the pressure and aspiration that lies ahead of this clash, Arsenal is not a pushover since they can find their rhythm or winning formula in this kind of game since they are well motivated to go against the might of Frank Lampard’s Chelsea side. Wolverhampton Wanderers vs. Tottenham Hotspur Both teams would be a great match against each other just like we’ve acknowledged that the London Derby between Arsenal and Chelsea is the star match of the day. But this match is another key match owing to the character and records involved ahead of the game. The personality of the two managers would ensure this is a must-watch as hostility ensues at the Molineux Stadium on Saturday. While Mourinho would aim to return to winning ways away at difficult Wolves side after defeats against Liverpool and Leicester City in their last two Premier League outings.