The weekend action returned with mouth-watering games across the globe, with interesting match-ups across the European scene last weekend as the season continues to unfold. Like always Nigerian players abroad were not left out of the action though some are struggling with form and injury. Here is a round-up of Nigeria exports as it happened on Sunday. England-Premier League Crystal Palace and Nigeria prospective player Eberechi Eze was in a sterling performance against Spurs at the weekend. He produced the vital cross that resulted in their equalizer later in the game it finished 1-1 apiece. He was on for the 86th minute before he replaced by former Spurs winger Andros Townsend. Nigerian contingent at Fulham was in action as they held League Champions Liverpool 1-1 at home. Defenders Ola Aina & Tosin Adarabioyo lasted the entire game while Ademola Lookman lasted for 88th minutes thus leaving the pitch for Joe Bryan. He assisted Bobby Reid brilliant goal for Fulham and he was booked in the 75th minutes of the match. Good news for Nigeria and Super Eagles manager Gernot Rohr as Wilfred Ndidi return in Leicester City 3-0 win over Brighton & Hove Albion on Sunday. He lasted 80 minutes and was replaced by Nampalys Mendy while Kelechi Iheanacho was an unused substitute in the tie. Spain-Laliga Santander Samuel Chukwueze was a second-half substitute as his Villarreal side drew 1-1 on the road with Real Betis. He came on in the 58th minute to replace Takefusa Kubo. Elsewhere, Granada recorded a 0-1 away win at Elche but it was in the absence of Ramon Azeez as the Granada midfielder was an unused substitute in the win. Germany-Bundesliga Kevin Akpoguma was surprising missing from the start for Hoffenheim as they lost 4-1 to German side Bayer Leverkusen. However, he came on later in the 76th minutes to replace Croatia’s Andrej Kramaric. Italy-Serie A Nigeria forward Victor Osimhen was absent due to his dislocated shoulder injury on International duty. But his Napoli side managed to record a 2-1 home win over a modest Italian Serie A side Sampdoria at home at least in the honour of the Legendary Argentine Super Star Diego Armando Maradona. France-Ligue 1 Moses Simon starred for his Nantes side in their 1-1 draw at home with Dijon. He scored his sides’ only goal of the game from the penalty spot and he was on the pitch for the entire match. Elsewhere in France, Samuel Kalu was missing in action for Bordeaux but his compatriot made a late cameo appearance in the 83rd minute of the game thus replacing Remi Oudin as they lost 2-1 to Victor Osimhen’s former side Lille OSC. Netherlands-Eredivisie Nigeria and SC Heerenveen midfielder (20 years old) was an unused substitute as his side drew 1-1 with home side Vitesse. Nigeria goalkeeper was in goal for 90 minutes as they defeated Willem II 1-3 away on the road. Sparta Rotterdam’s Maduka Okoye was impressive though he conceded a goal in the 90th minute. Utility right-back Tyronne Ebuehi lasted the entire match though his FC Twente side lost 1-3 to AZ Alkmaar. Portugal-Cup Nigeria talented left-back Zaidu Sanusi was in action as they claimed a Narrow home (2-1) win over Tondela. Belgium-Jupiler League Club Brugge’s David Okereke was a 79th-minute substitute as they claimed a 0-2 away win at Europa League side Royal Antwerp. While his compatriot and Nigerian International Emmanuel Dennis was on the bench for the entire 90 minutes. Turkey-Superlig Nigeria midfielder Azubuike Okechukwu was in action for the 78th minute while he was replaced by Kevin Frei Koyunlu. His side Istanbul Basaksehir lost 1-2 at home to visiting Gaziantep FK side. Scotland- Premiership Nigeria defender Leon Balogun lasted the entire duration while midfielder Joe Aribo made a cameo appearance thus replacing Liverpool related Ryan Kent in the 86th minute. But left-back Calvin Bassey Ughelumba was an unused substitute as Rangers claimed a vital 1-2 away win at Dundee United. Russia-Premier League Exciting winger Chidera Ejuke featured for 79th minute before making way for Nayair Tiknizyan as his side CSKA Moscow drew 2-2 with Ural in the Russian Premier League. Spain-Laliga Smart Bank Almeria’s forward Umar Sadiq opened the scoring for his side as they claimed a 3-1 home win against Malaga. He scored in the 11th minute while he lasted for 82nd minute and was duly replaced by Radosav Petrovic. Norway-Eliteserien Nigeria forward Ohi Anthony Omoijuanfo lasted the entire duration for his Molde side while his teammates Leke James came on to replace Mathis Bolly in the 62nd minute. Omoijuanfo scored his sides’ only 20 minutes as Molde lost 3-1 to Rosenborg.