Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State, says that he is deeply excited about the latest progress made by Geometric Power Ltd in their quest to provide quality and uninterrupted supply of electricity to Aba and its environs. The Governor stated this on Friday while receiving the Chairman/Managing Director of Geometric Power Ltd and former Minister of Power, Professor Barth Nnaji, who came to brief him on the latest developments relating to the Aba Power Project. Ikpeazu stated that the socioeconomic possibilities that will come with steady supply of power in Aba and its environs are simply unimaginable, congratulated Professor Nnaji for his commitment to the project. He assured him that his administration and indeed, the people of Abia State will extend to them every cooperation needed to bring the project to a final and lasting realization. “I lack words to describe how I feel with this development. This is about the best news I have received in a long time. What this do to our economy can only be imagined. From the small barber to medium sized business owners to the big industries, it’s a new day. Most importantly, this will give more zest and energy to the Enyimba Economic City Project. Power has been a major issue in the plans for the project because big corporations will have issues with coming to operate in an environment where power is not guaranteed. The power from Geometric will not only be uninterrupted but uninterruptible. I am truly excited and I give God all the glory. I also thank very sincerely the Federal Government and of course, Professor Nnaji for his tenacity.” Governor Ikpeazu thanked the Federal Government for heeding his persistent appeals to intervene in the contractual impasse between the Enugu Electricity Distribution Company (EEDC) and Geometric Power Ltd which has led to the final signing of an Asset Sale Agreement between the two parties and the Bureau for Public Enterprises (BPE). This agreement was signed few days ago and brings to an end the long standing contractual imbroglio that has impeded the full realization of the Aba. Earlier, the Managing Director and Chairman of Geometric Power Ltd, Professor Barth Nnaji, informed the Governor that a very significant step has been taken, paving the way for the full realization of the long awaited Aba Power Project. He stated that with the signing of the Agreement between Geometric Power Ltd and Interstate Electrics, owners of the EEDC has conclusively brought to a successful end, the legal controversy over the ownership of the rights to generate and distribute power to the Aba area. Professor Nnaji added that with the new regime now in place, Geometric Power will extend their distribution to 9 local government areas of Ukwa East, Ukwa West, Ugwunagbo, Aba South, Aba North, Obingwa, Osisioma Ngwa, Isiala Ngwa South and Isiala Ngwa North. According to the globally respected Professor of Robotics Engineering and former Minister of Power, the project is expected to deliver power between now and the next six months, assuring that the entire basic infrastructure had long been put in place. Nnaji described the Aba Power Project as the largest single economic investment in the entire South East region with a value of about 500 Million Dollars. He thanked Governor Okezie for all the support his administration has provided to them and in their interface with the Federal Government in their bid to resolve the issue. He assured the people of Abia State that better days are now guaranteed with this power project and that the efforts of the Governor to attract foreign investors to the state will receive a massive boost. Small and medium scale industries will scramble to return to Aba because of the guarantee of power.