Former Manchester United defender, Gary Neville, has named one club that can win this season’s English Premier League title. According to Neville, Liverpool is the favourites to win the Premier League, just ahead of Chelsea. The former England international said this ahead of Liverpool’s Premier League clash with Fulham on Sunday. “I have said before that I think Liverpool will win this league at a canter if Virgil van Dijk was fit, no one can get near them,” Neville said on the Gary Neville Podcast. “I still think they will win this league, but there are just some little things that are going against them that have not gone against them in the last couple of years. “And the same with City and that makes it interesting and there are just a couple of teams, Chelsea at the moment, Tottenham that are just looking at them and thinking: “They are not right and we are OK here, we are just starting to hit form and spirit and we are getting closer to them.” “And the fact they are getting closer to them, and they are not right is giving confidence to them, even to Man Utd. “I think the Man Utd players will be sitting there thinking if we could start playing like we could, then even we may have a chance daftly enough as that sounds. “I do not think they will win the league, but that is what this season is doing to us because the top two have set a bar that I have never seen before, none of us have ever seen before in the last couple of seasons, and now we are seeing something that is more normal.” Neville added: “The more I see Chelsea week by week, the more I’m impressed and that performance of Chelsea last week went up in my estimation having now seen what Tottenham gave done to Man City and Arsenal because it was a really measured, clever performance from Chelsea and actually, they should have won that game. “They are impressing me, and for me, they have got a real chance. I think Chelsea have got more of a chance to win the league than Spurs because they have got N’Golo Kante, Thiago Silva, and players who could navigate them to it. “The club always wins trophies under Roman Abramovich, there is something there. They have got good, talented players and they also do the ugly side of the game as well, so they are a real threat.”