Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Iba Gani Abiodun Ige Adams, has said he never requested to visit former President Olusegun Obasanjo. He said this on Tuesday in reaction to Obasanjo’s statement last week. Adams, in a rejoinder, called the former Nigerian leader’s comment “weighty”. The Aare said he decided to respond in order to clear the air on Obasanjo’s “aspersions” against him. “In truth, Baba Obasanjo was aware of the meeting held at the Lekki residence of Afenifere leader, Pa Ayo Adebanjo. He signified interest in the meeting, that was why he travelled for over six hours from Abeokuta to Lekki. “But for him to have said he was not aware of the meeting was a huge misinterpretation of all that transpired between us. I have never in my life requested to visit Baba Obasanjo, whether while he was in office or after. I need to clear all these not because of today, but for future references. “By virtue of my position now as the Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, and also as somebody from a humble beginning, what have I done to deserve such an assault from a former president that had a hand in my arrest and detention, which to me was unjust and uncalled for? “On the two occasions of my travails with the Obasanjo administration, I was discharged and acquitted. So what else does the old man want from me that made him say in the statement that my past ways of life was not in accord with his principles and standard? “I represent the progressive minded people and the ex-president is well known for his conservative ideas. Thus, there is no way we can share the same ideology. I think that is where the ex president missed it. I can never go to his house or reconcile with him. I am sure if I do, my guardian angel will never forgive me.” Adams, however, reiterated the need for the federal government to restructure Nigeria. Noting that restructuring remains the best option, the high chief called for the return of the 1963 constitution where the six geo-political zones handled their affairs independently. The Aare further lamented the spate of insecurity across the country. “Nigeria Police are overwhelmed. There’s a need to have both state, local and regional police to cater to the needs of over 200 million citizens. The federal government should rejig the police, and other security architecture,” Adams added.