President Muhammadu Buhari has urged the 36 state governors of the federation to work more with traditional rulers and community members to improve local intelligence gathering to reduce insecurity in the country. The president’s spokesman, Malam Garba Shehu, in a statement, said Buhari gave the charge at a security meeting with the 36 governors in Abuja, on Tuesday. According to the presidential aide, Buhari listened to presentations by a governor from each of the six Geo-Political Zones on their specific security challenges. The president recalled that in the old order communities identified new comers and passed the information to constituted authority. He said: “The sub-region is no longer safe, more so with the collapse of the former Libyan leader, Muammar Gaddafi’s regime and the cross border movement of weapons and criminals. “Governors must work with traditional rulers. Try and work with traditional rulers to boost intelligence gathering.’’ While giving an overview of the security situation in each of the zones, the president said his administration had done well in the North East and South South, adding that the South South situation was still worrisome. “Every day I get situation reports about illegal refineries and the blowing up of pipelines. You must stop local rogues from sabotaging oil installations,’’ he said. Addressing the issue of banditry and kidnapping reported in each of the geo-political zones, Buhari said: “Security is important and we must secure the whole country. ”We are thinking very hard on the issue of kidnapping. ”We will make it possible for the military to get to the bandits and kidnappers and eliminate them.’’ He explained that the closure of the nation’s land borders was partly an attempt to control the smuggling in of weapons and drugs. “Now that the message has sunk in with our neighbours, we are looking into reopening the borders as soon as possible.’’ Buhari gave assurances that the country’s military would continue to get the support they needed to fight criminals. “I am not going to the public to speak about the vehicles and equipment we have ordered. ”What I can say is that the military received armoured cars and other equipment and they are training the trainers. ”More of such equipment, including military aircrafts will come in,’’ he added.