Arsenal was eliminated from the Carabao Cup on Tuesday night as they fought with the might of Manchester City at home. The first half finished 1-1 apiece between both sides, but the second half saw the visitors scoring thrice to make it 1-4 against the home sides. It was a scoreline the London side wouldn’t have wanted at this stage of the season as Arsenal continues to search for a win across all competition. Following the 1-4 defeat for Arsenal against Manchester City, DAILY POST evaluates three significant things from the match, in view of crucial games at the weekend. More Injury For Arsenal The Arsenal side may be nursing an injury-laden start to the seasons. The likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Thomas Partey and now Gabriel Martinelli are all out injured, with the teenage Brazilian the latest to return to the treatment room. Martinelli may have worsened Arsenal’s chance of reviving their season as his injury leaves his North London side depleted, meaning Mikel Arteta could be short of options in the attacking third of the pitch. Such was his case as he collided with Manchester City goalie Zack Steffen following a through ball from Joe Willock in the course of the game. Arteta Sack Bemoans The Spaniard is on the verge of a sack no matter how easy or tough it looks Though Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has spoken in support of the Arsenal manager Arteta saying that relieving him from his post as Arsenal Coach would be a huge mistake. That statement could be a positive one for Arsenal gaffer Arteta presently as he needs all the support he can get especially from a legendary figure like that of Pep Guardiola. But that may not be the defining moment as regards to Arteta and Arsenal’s current situation at the moment. The decision on who comes and stays as the club manager is strictly that of the board to make while we know that Pep’s statement could be born from the womb of sentiment after their 4-1 win against Arsenal. Confidence Issue Awaits The team may be missing star homes like we’ve pointed out in the article before but the real picture here is the confidence level Arsenal is left with at the moment. It looks like they can’t even win a game anymore while their counterparts are waxing stronger by the day thus believing they can get a win over Arsenal. And this would not be coming at a good time as Arsenal faces the threat Chelsea would bring to the Emirates Stadium on Boxing Day. London rivalry will ensue at the weekend, much as Chelsea is in a positive mood having beaten West Ham United 3-0 at home in midweek. And the Blues will be very much thankful to the magnificent showings of Mason Mount, Thiago Silva and Tammy Abraham, especially with the latter two who got the goals for Chelsea in the contest.