Nigerian elders have dismissed the Chief of Army Staff’s warning to officers against coup attempts, stressing that the alarm was a ploy to divert the attention of Nigerians from the failures of service chiefs. The elders also advised the National Assembly to hold onto the 2021 Budget, until the President implements the resolution of the two legislative chambers demanding the sack of service chiefs. Recall that the Chief of Army Staff, while decorating 39 newly promoted Major Generals, warned them never to engage in plots against the government. The elders tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to relieve the Security Chiefs of their positions before the country is completely overrun by adversaries. The Coalition of Nigerian Elders for Peace and Good Governance made the call in a statement signed by its National Coordinator, Engr. Zana Goni. The elders described Buratai’s coup warning as a diversionary statement meant to attract attention from the seat of power at a time the whole of Nigeria is calling for the sack of service chiefs. “While we appreciate his right and authority to warn his officers against engaging in any act inimical to the growth and sustenance of democracy in our country, we must say that Nigerians and all its security services have moved beyond coups.” “The alarm by the Chief of Army Staff is a desperate attempt to divert the attention of not only the President but also Nigerians who have seen the clear failures of the security chiefs and have all come out with a resolve that they are shown the way out immediately. The elders claimed that each time there was a call for the sack of service chiefs, the army would come up with one big false story to curry the President’s favour and buy time. They asked the President to do everything within his power to transform the security sector. “We humbly once again, call on the President to listen to the voice of reason by sacking the service chiefs with a view to inject fresh ideas and transform the security sector.