As the world celebrates Christmas, the Ogun State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has sympathised with the people of the State, many of whom it said “have nothing to celebrate with.” In its message to Ogun residents, the PDP emphasized that “though the manifest serial failures of the current Governor Dapo Abiodun-led administration have led to excruciating economic hardship and hopelessness across the state, the joy of Christmas rekindles faith that all hope is not lost for our nation and Ogun State in particular.” In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday by its Ogun State spokesman, Akinloye Bankole, the PDP lamented that “under the insensitive watch of a government whose existence is only felt on social media, many are in deep mourning over the uninspiring attitudes and begging insensitivity of the ruling APC government.” The party urged the people to keep hope alive and find solace in God’s unfailing intervention as demonstrated with the gift of salvation in the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. “Indeed, our great party sympathises with Ogun work force whose contributory deductions have not been remitted to appropriate quarters. We sympathize with those whose leaves bonuses are not paid. We sympathize with the youth who are still roaming the streets despite the creation of dubious job portal by the government. “Our sympathies also go to the families of those whose lives were cut short by the failure of the government to prioritize people’s security and welfare especially during the period of COVID-19 induced lockdown. We sympathize with members of public who have endured the tragedy of ‘try and error’ tactics of a failed government,” the party said. The PDP charged Nigerians and Ogun people to use the Yuletide to intensify their bond of unity, solidarity and brotherhood, saying all hope is not lost. “As a party, we make bold to restate our patriotic call on the ruling APC government to have some introspection, show remorse and review their anti-people policies that have brought untold anguish to the people. “Our party prays to God for divine healing, stability and socioeconomic prosperity of our dear state in coming new year,” it added.