Arsenal’s quest for redemption would be up the moon as they face a stem test against Mourinho’s men at home. It will be a typical touch of class on the pitch as both EPL giants do battle on Sunday. However, both sides have a contrasting scenario in their camp ahead of this one. The visitors may not be in-form like that of Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspur side but their pedigree in relation to winning the League title though over a decade ago as the memorable invincible should see expectations hanging over their shoulders. If Arsenal is beaten by the impressive Spur side in this clash, Tottenham can reclaim top spot. The Blues drew 0-0 with Tottenham last weekend thus testing the visitors resolve in the wake of their title ambition. Now they face Arsenal knowing that a win is inevitable if they are to keep their position on top of the league at least for yet another week. They are on the same point as Liverpool who hosts Wolverhampton wanderers this weekend at Anfield. But having a better goal difference than the Reds should see them remain on top of the League if they can record a win against Arteta’s men. This is what they may be looking to achieve prior to this game as the London rivalry ensues at the London Stadium. The Tottenham side would also be aiming for a big goal as Chelsea have claimed top spot following their comeback win against Leeds United at the weekend. If Tottenham wins, they will gain title ascendancy in the season’s Premier League as other top sides won their matches at the week 11. It would be a big credit to Mourinho’s Tottenham’s managerial regime as viewers would begin to see them as the likely Champions not minding what Liverpool makes up against Wolves at Anfield. Their title credentials could skyrocket thus giving the North London side a huge stake in the season’s title race in the long run. Mikel Arteta has been under pressure due to his sides’ poor run of form but the 4-1 thumping of Norwegian giants, Molde in midweek may have brought things back to normal at least for the moment. However, the Spaniard would be under view as they gauge his ability to continue on the job. A decent result against Tottenham Hotspur would be to his credit thus giving him a facelift in the season.