Chelsea would welcome Russian side at home in the UEFA Champions League while looking to make statements with their Champions League credentials. Olivier Giroud would be in the picture in this tie following his rich form for his Chelsea side. The French man has scored five goals in less than a week as he makes a claim for a starting place on the Blue side. After scoring four times against Sevilla in the Match Day 5, Olivier Giroud is set to lead the charge for goals for Chelsea in their last group match against Russian side FC Krasnodar on Tuesday Night. The French man followed his impressive form with another start and scored another goal. This time they are back at home against Marcelo Bielsa’s Leeds United as the Blues came from a goal down (0-1) to triumph 3-1 at the Bridge. The Chelsea side has already secured the first position in Group E, while the Russians will be hoping to make do with a place in the Europa League knockout stages if they can earn a third place in the group. Giroud has been lacking game time for about the entire year, with a couple of few appearances after the COVID-19 induced lockdown season, which saw him net six times and earn a new contract at Stamford Bridge. However, France boss Didier Deschamps had suggested in recent times that the former Arsenal star must play often if he wants to be among the party for the Euro 2021 next summer and he is currently making progress in this regard. Chelsea would not have Hakim Ziyech who was pulled out at the half-hour mark in the 3-1 win against Leeds United due to a hamstring injury. The Moroccan star is supposed to be replaced by the American superstar Christian Pulisic who has only come back from a similar injury and scored in the 90th minutes to seal the game against Leeds United. With Callum Hudson-Odoi sidelined, Timo Werner could replace him as part of Chelsea’s front three. With qualification already secured and visits to Everton and Wolves set to come, Lampard could probably alter his team owing to the services of qualified personnel waiting to irk their name for Chelsea in the game. Germany playmaker Kai Havertz is in a similar position in making a return to match fitness despite testing positive to coronavirus in early November, but starting three matches in one week will be too much for him. Billy Gilmour could feature having made his debut appearance as a substitute in last week’s UEFA Champions League while Croatia’s Mateo Kovacic and Italy’s Jorginho may return to the Chelsea’s Starting XI. The defence could see the same alternation with the four starters in Sevilla last week expected to return. And this should see skipper Cesar Azpilicueta build on his three starts in the competition so far. Frank Lampard should see the match as an opportunity to freshen the squad while he paves way for a marker ahead of the matches in the coming days as fans make a return in UEFA Champions League in England for the first time since March. Here is a possible line up list for Chelsea; Edouard Mendy; Cesar Azpilicueta, Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen, Emerson Palmieri; Jorginho, Mateo Kovacic, Billy Gilmour; Timo Werner, Olivier Giroud, Christian Pulisic.