The Cross River State Government has ordered immediate shutdown of all night clubs in the state as well as strict enforcement of curfew as a means to curb or control the spread of second wave of COVID-19 virus. The State Chairman of COVID-19 Response Task Force, who is also the Commissioner for Health, Dr Betta Edu, in a statement issued on Sunday and made available to DAILY POST, stated, “All Night Clubs in Cross River state must immediately shut down, until further notice. “Public and private organizations are encouraged to work remotely from home which is the green zone to reduce contact and prevent spread of Coronavirus. the 10 pm to 6 am curfew imposed by the State Government remains in place” “Persons travelling into the state should observe compulsory Isolation for seven days before mingling with members of the public and even family members especially older family members with other disease conditions that makes them more vulnerable to Dying from COVID-19. “Air and road transporters must ensure the enforce the use of face mask, hand sanitizers and temperature check for all customers before boarding the flight or vehicle. This must be used throughout the duration of the journey to avoid spread. Failure to comply shall lead to sanctions for transporter by Taskforce” Other measures to curb the spread of the virus, the statement added include that all places of worship (Churches, Mosques, etc.) must ensure compulsory use of face mask, hand sanitizers, hand washing facilities and also that no gathering exceeds 50% of the maximum capacity of the Venue. “Avoid public gatherings and parties as much as possible this period. If you must attend stay alert and protect yourself and love ones at all times. All Event Planners must ensure that any planned gatherings do not exceed 300 people. This is important to prevent reversal sanctions by Taskforce at your event” The state government further said that all guests and service providers at events must wear nose masks/coverings before entry. With Hand sanitizers or hand washing units positioned at the entry point and various spots within the hall. “Provision must be made for all guests and service providers to wash their hands before entering the venue or use hand sanitizers, as well as undergo a temperature check, which is mandatory, Staff must also be educated on recognising COVID-19 symptoms and must link the state response team ones there is a suspected case”. Dr Edu said that it was no news that the second wave of COVID-19 is already ranging in Nigeria with increase number of persons being infected with the virus especially during this festive period with people travelling from one point to the other. Cross River State COVID-19 Response Team is calling for immediate action by members of public to prevent further spread of the virus in our state. She warned, “Any and all breaches of these regulations and public health protocols will lead to immediate closure as well as attract heavy fines, and any other sanctions and penalties deemed fit, in line with the Cross River State Public Health Law amended 2020, the protocol of ‘No Mask No Movement’ must be enforced at all public places: Offices, Businesses, Markets, Shops, and so on,” she stated.