The home side would trade tackle with the West Ham side as battle looms at the Bridge. Both sides know each other well and would be expected to produce an intriguing contest at the end of the game. David Moyes’s men would be hoping to inflict more harm on Chelsea’s season but it remains to be seen how the visitors will play on the pitch. The Blues would not want to lose three games in a row and it promises to be interesting to see how they can avoid this one especially as they play at home. On this note we evaluate the three interesting reasons why Chelsea should be wary of the home side at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea Likely Absentees The Blues would be welcoming their fellow rivals, West Ham, on Monday in the Premier League. But they would have to make do with the likely absence of Hakim Ziyech and Callum Hudson-Odoi in the attack. Such a scenario would have necessitated Timo Werner coming into the starting line-up for this crucial game. The German International has been underwhelming in the last couple of games prompting a question about his place in the team. And with the intensity needed against West Ham for this match, the Blues would need a player in top shape and confidence level to deliver for the club. Unfortunately, Werner is not in that frame at the moment as he makes do with a spot in the team owing to the absence of the two aforementioned Chelsea players in the attack. West Ham’s Positive Euphoria The visitors would come into the game hoping to clip Chelsea’s wings in earnest. And their level of confidence and team euphoria serves them well ahead of this match. They will look to beat Chelsea even at home, though this rarely occurs as in the case for the London giants. Their form will permeate a good fighting spirit for this clash while they show a character on the pitch possibly keeping Chelsea at bay for the rest of the game. Such a stance would be a big worry for the home side as Lampard continues to evaluate his team ahead of West Ham’s visit on Monday. Chelsea The Blues would be under much pressure and it would be great to see how they overcome this feeling at the Bridge. Having lost 2 games on the bounce against Everton and Wolves the onus would be on them to perform. It would see the West Ham side take the shield in the game knowing they’ve got nothing to lose if they are beaten in this match since they are playing against Chelsea and away from home.