The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Ondo State chapter has berated Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu over his handling of the worsening security situation in the state. The party in a statement on Tuesday said considering the manner at which bandits and kidnappers operate unhindered under the Akeredolu-led administration, the state deserves an award as one with the worst security challenge in the South West. PDP frowned at Akeredolu for travelling to Abuja to receive an award from the Association of Community Pharmacists in Nigeria, claiming the move shows that the governor is unbothered at the spate of insecurity in the state. The party in a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Kennedy Peretei, the decision of the governor to receive such an award is a misplacement of priority, as the current mood of the state does not support such an open display of insensitivity to the plight of the people. Recall that in the past weeks, the state had been ravaged by activities of kidnappers and bandits. In the space of one week, a first-class monarch was killed by suspected kidnappers in Ose Local Government Area of the state, a few hours after, armed robbers stormed a bank in Ode-Irele in Irele Local Government where one person was killed during the operation. Also, the wife of the Chief of Staff to the Governor was kidnapped last week while about 16 market women were kidnapped a few days to the incident, as well as the invasion of the farm of the former Secretary to the Federal Government, Chief Olu Falae. While emphasizing that life is no longer normal in the state, Peretei said that residents can no longer travel within the state, without fear of being kidnapped or robbed. “Instead of an award of honour, Akeredolu should be decorated with garlands of the state with the worst security challenges in the South West. That would have probably made more sense. “How Akeredolu can have the presence of mind to attend such an award ceremony when the state is in such trauma beats one’s imagination. “The award he has gone to receive in Abuja is outrightly misplaced.” The party, however, advised the governor to as a matter of urgency, convene a security summit to look at ways to address the security situation in the state, as it stressed that there are indigenes of the state that can advise him on how to stem the dangerous tide. Reacting, the All Progressives Congress, APC, described PDP’s stance on the issue as height of insensitivity. A statement by the APC Publicity Secretary in the state, Alex Kaleyaiye read, “It is the height of insensitivity to feign ignorance of the predicament of PDP to descend deeply into its own arena of bewilderment and confoundment. We pity them.”