Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta would be aiming for fortune from his former side when they welcome Manchester City at home in the EFL Cup quarter-final encounters. The London side had not succeeded against his former side as they slumped to a 2-1 defeat against Everton on Saturday, thus prolonging Arsenal’s run of poor form to 7 games in the English topflight. Success to the last four of the Carabao Cup would bring some Christmas euphoria to the Arsenal dressing room, but they would be up against a team that has dominated in this competition in recent years. Here, DAILY POST takes a look at how Arsenal could line-up in the duel against the Citizens. Absent; Granit Xhaka (suspended) Thomas Partey (muscle), Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (calf) Arsenal would make do without skipper Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang for this match owing to his calf issue. The African star, who was the key man the last time the two sides faced up in this competition was absent on Saturday and his manager (Arteta) stated in the post-match conference that Aubameyang could be unavailable for 14 days due to the issue. The extent of the injury is not yet known and this means he would not be able to lead his side out for this tie. Aubameyang joins Ghana’s Thomas Partey in the treatment room, while Granit Xhaka is still ineligible as he serves the final game in his three-game suspension due to the red card he coped against Burnley. The home side has Gabriel Magalhaes returning from his own suspension, though meaning that he may come back into the Arsenal three-man defence. Players on the fringes like Sead Kolasinac, Joe Willock and Shkodran Mustafi, who has impressed in Europe 2nd tier competition, will be in contention for a starting place. But Alexandre Lacazette and Hector Bellerin could make their return after their absence at the weekend. Youngster Gabriel Martinelli marked his return from the bench on Saturday and is expected to play a part as Mikel Arteta determines who makes the matchday squad for this occasion. Arsenal’s predicted line-up against Manchester City in a 3-4-3 Formation System. Bernd Leno; Shkodran Mustafi, Gabriel Magalhaes, David Luiz; Hector Bellerin, Dani Ceballos, Mohamed Elneny, Sead Kolasinac; Joe Willock, Alexandre Lacazette, Bukayo Saka.