Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom State has enjoined his people to do all they can to stay alive amid the second wave of coronavirus ravaging the country and the world at large. During his 2020 Christmas broadcast, Gov.Emmanuel urged them to observe the safety protocols prescribed by the World Health Organisation and the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control against COVID- 19 to avoid embarking on another lockdown in the state. The governor, however, likened the year 202O to ‘a bumpy ride on a gallop-filled rural road’ and reassured that with togetherness, love and steadfastness, the people would come out stronger. He said, “fellow Akwaibomites, let us press forward by doing all we can to stay alive and beat the ravaging Covid-19 pandemic. As you may already know, we are currently experiencing the second wave of the pandemic, but as we had succeeded in stemming the rate of infection when it first hit our shores, I ask you to join hands with us again to beat this second wave. “The use of facemasks, social distancing, regular hand washing, hand sanitisers are protocols that have worked in reducing infections. Let us remain committed to applying these protocols. If we adhere to these simple but effective rules, there may be no need for us to impose another lockdown, but if we observe that these rules are flouted, then we may have no other option than to put the State under lockdown. “This year was like a bumpy ride on a gallop-filled rural road. But God kept His word in Isaiah 43:2 “When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee; and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee: when thou walkest through the fire, thou shalt not be burned; neither shall the flame kindle upon thee.” ”We passed through the scourge of the pandemic and it did not overwhelm us. We witnessed looting and arson from the EndSars, and it did not consume us. We have a lot to thank God for, as this year draws to a close. As the Bible enjoins us to let us, in the New Year, “forget those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before us, press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.”