Member representing Degema/Bonny Federal Constituency of Rivers State, Hon. Farah Dagogo has chided the House Majority Leader Hon. Ado Doguwa for threatening to sanction an opposition leader over calls for President Muhammadu Buhari’s impeachment. Picking holes with moves by the leadership of the country’s lower parliament to sanction Rep Kingsley Chinda, the lawmaker said Doguwa was playing to the gallery. Kingsley Chinda, a lawmaker from Rivers State, had urged the National Assembly to commence impeachment moves against the President over rising cases of insecurity across the country, especially in the North, and the failing state of the Country’s economy. Reacting in a statement he issued and made available to DAILY POST early Wednesday, he said the House leader had gone out of his way for describing
Hon. Kingsley Chinda’s impeachment call a ‘desecration of the time honoured legislative practice’. The statement noted that Ado Doguwa, who cuts his legislative teeth as a member of the Third Republic and still a legislator in the current dispensation, ‘ought to be experienced enough’ to know that Kingsley Chinda did not commit any ‘legislative infraction with his patriotic call’. The lawmaker stressed that the House leader lied for stating that the President failed to honour the invitation of the House of Representatives because of Kingsley Chinda, adding that it was ludicrous of the House leadership to believe so. “I can’t fathom this kind of authoritarian or autocratic democracy that the Majority Leader of the House, and his supposed colleagues he claimed to be speaking for wants to practice in the House. “It is sheer hypocrisy. We are all witnesses to the state of the economy and the perilous security situation, especially in the North, where the Majority Leader comes from. “As a supposed seasoned legislator, who was in the third republic, will he in all sincerity admit that this 9th Assembly is actually playing its role of checkmating other arms of government, particularly the executive? “Rather than trying to demonize Kingsley Chinda, I expected the Majority Leader to encourage and thank him for speaking the minds of many Nigerians that cannot find comfort in a country they call their homes, especially in the North,” he said. According to him, it was the position of House members on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party for Mr. President to be impeached, hence, the opposition leader broke no legislative rules. He further pointed out that any move to sanction Hon. Kingsley Chinda would be met with resistance. “We are not in a banana Republic, we must imbibe the tenets of democracy and no one member in the House of Representatives will cow the other. We are all equals, as we represent different Constituencies, positions are just privileges,” he declared.