There is confusion in Imo State APC following the final declaration of the Okigwe zone bye-election results by the the electoral umpire, where the party APC emerged victorious. DAILY POST reports that members of the party are currently in celebration mood but not without tantrums among the two candidates of the party, Ifeanyi Araraume and Frank Ibezim. According to reports, the Returning Officer, Hakeem Adikum, declared that the candidate of All Progressives Party (APC) has been returned winner of the December 5 Imo north bye-election but failed to mention who between the two contenders. The RO said the APC won in five LGAs of Okigwe, Onuimo, Isiala-mbano, Ehime-mbano and Ihitte-Uboma, and lost Obowo to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. The Imo State Resident Electoral Commissioner, REC, Prof. Francis Ezeonu while speaking to newsmen, said INEC was unable to return a candidate of the APC as the winner because of several Court orders for and against Ifeanyi Araraume and Frank Ibezim. Also in a release credited to one of Ifeanyi Araraume’s aides, Alex Ibeh, “two court judgements had surfaced on Friday, one from the Appeal Court Owerri, and the other from Federal High Court, Abuja. “The Court of Appeal in Owerri set aside the judgment of the Federal High Court that earlier declared Ifeanyi Araraume as a candidate of the party, and faulted the judgement of Federal High Court Owerri, which nullified the candidacy of Frank Ibezim. “The Federal High Court Abuja, in its judgment declared and restrained INEC from recognizing Frank Ibezim as the candidate of the party, on the grounds that he presented a fake certificate to the APC and INEC. “The two judgements may have forced INEC not to declare any of the candidates in the APC, as a winner of the election. Meanwhile, the Imo State Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Ogubundu Nwadike has said that his party’s candidate, Emmanuel Okewulonu was the true winner of Imo north bye-election because, according to him, the APC did not field any candidate.