Crystal Palace, the home side has shown a spirited performance as they rallied from a goal down to tie on a 1-1 draw against Tottenham Hotspurs. Roy Hodgson’s men took on Jose Mourinho’s men as hostility returned in the English topflight. Goals from Harry Kane and Jeffrey Schulpp ensured that it wasn’t a barren contest as we look forward to next weekend fixtures in the Premier League. Following the 1-1 draw between Crystal Palace and Tottenham Hotspur, we DAILY POST takes a look at the statistics and match features from the game. Full statistics Shots on target 5 (Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 7 It was a very competitive fixture in the Barclay Premier League despite the headlines the Derby between Manchester United and Manchester City generated at the weekend. However, Spurs showed their attacking superiority with Harry Kane adding to his tally to give the visitor the well-deserved lead in the game. Shots off Target 5 (Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 5 Both sides shared the maximum number of shots off target in the match. And this proved that it was a balanced contest between the two just like it finished 1-1 between both teams. Despite Spurs determined game plan, Crystal Palace managed to ensure a draw thanks to the good works from Eberechi Eze whose cross was difficult to handle. Possession 44 (Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 56 The two sides showed their midfield strength in the match with Spurs asserting their dominance in the midfield region. While the home side was largely second best in the middle of the park, though midfielder Eberechi Eze made-up for his side lack of balance in the central area with a delightful floated ball into the box which proved to produce Crystal Palace’s equalizer. Corners 4 (Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 7 The attacking influx Spurs displayed in the game was threatening to the opposing sides as it were in the clash. And this resulted in a total of 5 + 7 – 12 corner-kicks in the contest. The visitors attacking power ensured they finished with a higher number of corner-kicks in the encounter than their counterpart Crystal Palace. Offsides 4 (Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 0 The offside ratio here was one-sided as the home side were called into offside positions on four occasions in the game. While Spurs has none to deal with as they managed to keep their shape and team configuration in the final third, thanks to Jose Mourinho magnificent strategy against Crystal Palace. Fouls 5 (Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 11 The Crystal Palace teams had more fouls and physical challenges in the clash as they aimed to match the quality Spurs presented on the pitch. And this led to their increasing foul measures as they had 4 more fouls than Tottenham Hotspur that had the majority of the ball possession in the match. Yellow Card 1 (Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 1 Both sides may have incurred a lot of fouls in the match especially the home side, Crystal Palace who had 15 fouls as compared to Spurs. The likes of Milivojevic (for Crystal Palace) and Moussa Sissoko (for Spurs) were booked in the entire 90 minutes as it finished in a scored draw at the weekend. Goalkeeping Saves 6 (Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 4 Both goalkeepers had a very busy day in office as the likes of Wilfred Zaha, Christian Benteke (for Crystal Palace) and Harry Kane & Heung-Min Son (for Tottenham Hotspurs) tested the resolve of both goalkeepers in goal. The Crystal Palace goalkeeper was outstanding as he made a couple of saves to deny Jose Mourinho’s men in the tie. He proved to be the real difference thus delivering a man-of-the-match performance against the flaming Spurs attack. Goal-Kick 7(Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 6 Both sides showed their attacking intent in the tie. And it resulted in a total of about 7 + 6 – 13 goal-kicks in earnest. Crystal Palace conceded 7 goal-kicks due to the pressure they were subjected to by Tottenham Hotspurs. While Crystal Palace forced 6 goal-kicks on the opposite end as they did their best to earn a draw in front of their home fans. Treatments 4(Crystal Palace) (Tottenham Hotspur) 0 The home side was forced into 4 treatments at the end of the match as they (Crystal Palace) were guilty of committing a large number of fouls with 15 in the game. It served them right as Tottenham Hotspurs had no treatment to deal with since they had less number of fouls with 11 in total in the match.