Ekiti State Government has declared its readiness to partner with relevant stakeholders in the state in areas that can facilitate development. The Chief of Staff to the Governor of Ekiti State, Hon. Biodun Omoleye made this known during a programme with Vice-Chancellors ahead of the 24th convocation of the Ekiti State University in Ado Ekiti. The Chief of Staff said the university must be properly transformed, positioned and improved to meet the theoretical and practical yearnings of the people of the state and the country as a whole. He said it was time for the government to tap from the reservoir of knowledge and skills of higher institutions to formulate policies and programmes that would impact positively on the people and as well enhance the developmental process of the nation. The Chief of Staff added that the government would be willing to partner with academic institutions in the state particularly in the management of state affairs, management of energy consumption, preservation and application as well as other areas that could fast track development in the
State. Hon Omoleye said there is no need for the Government to have sunlight all day and be in darkness throughout the night. The Chief of Staff commended the management of the institution for demonstrating a strong commitment to students’ management, noting that most of the graduates of the university are doing the state proud in their various endeavours. He urged the management of the institution to improve on the area of timely release of students’ certificates and other documents that could be of help to the career progression of their graduates. The Chief of Staff further advised the lecturers in the institution to translate their findings to practical reality as Ekiti is yearning to join the developed world. He said; “In the area of students’ management the University is making great waves and we are proud of your ranking and accreditation status, but more still needs to be done about late release of results and the issuance of certificates. Most of the graduates still carry notification of results that shouldn’t be. So implore, all those people in the academic and in council environment should improve on this. The Vice-Chancellor Prof Olanipekun earlier explained that the situation in EKSU is a bit challenging noting that the school had never had it so good under any government. He said, “The Present allocation that is still given to the University was approved 2011 by this same government. Another Government came for 4years they did not add extra Kobo. In 2018 that government released 7months, 5months withheld till today, and at the moment we are enjoying a very smooth relationship with the Government of the day. “The number of staff of this University that are serving in this government are many. We will continue to appreciate Dr Fayemi the Governor of Ekiti State. “We know that the global meltdown is not making things as they should but we hope that sooner than later things will get better because we know that if things get better it will definitely get to us in Ekiti State University”.