Political parties in Enugu State, under the aegis of the Inter Party Advisory Council (IPAC), has commanded the State Governor, Rt. Hon. Dr. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for his industry, passion and commitment to the development, growth and welfare of the entire residents and people of Enugu State. It said this manifests in the projects highlighted in the budget proposal presented by the Governor. Governor Ugwuanyi had presented the 2021 budget proposal of N169,845,758,500.00 to the State House of Assembly for consideration and passage into appropriation law. In a statement issued by the State Chairman of IPAC, Barr. Ken Ikeh, he described the 2021 budget proposal as a realistic and optimistic projection devoid of white elephant ideas. In particular, Ikeh stressed that the Governor’s penchant for prudent management of resources manifested in the meticulous and painstaking allocation of values across the length and width of the state. The Chairman stated that it was striking to note that in a budget of N169.85 Billion Naira, the sum of N101.1 Billion representing 60% of the total budget size is earmarked for capital expenditures. “This alone is a sure sign that the future is brighter,” he said. Ikeh further pointed out that, “the budget is dotted with several projects that are intended to provide answers to critical needs of the people such as the proposed flyover at the popular T junction of the Nike Lake Resort Road, completion of the Enugu international conference center, Rehabilitation of the 9th Mile Crash Borehole program and other water projects strategically located across the state, construction of Station Road/Subway flyover to Ogui Road to mention just a few.” The Chairman, who noted that a peaceful environment is a sine qua non to meaningful development called on the residents and people of Enugu State to eschew violence in all its ramifications to ensure that the State government delivers the full potentials in the budget. Ikeh, who is also the state Chairman of Allied Peoples Movement (APM), called on the Speaker of Enugu State House of Assembly and the entire members to apply their legislative prowess to ensure that the budget is given a prompt passage in the interest of the State.