Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, Governor of Lagos State, has tested positive for COVID-19. The State Commissioner for health, Akin Abayomi, who made this known in a statement on Saturday evening, said Sanwo-Olu is receiving treatment and is being closely monitored at home by a clinical team from the Infectious Disease Hospital in Yaba. 2. Fulani herdsmen have attacked and killed not less than four people and left seven battling with various degrees of injuries at Tse-Angbande in Makurdi Local Government Area of Benue State. Governor Samuel Ortom, who visited the scene of the attack on Saturday morning, said the armed herdsmen in their usual guerrilla pattern struck by 11pm when the people were asleep, killing Timothy Emberga Akwa, Innocent Akwa, Terhemba Emberga Akwa and an in-law identified as Orban. 3. No fewer than 600 out of the 800 students of the Government Science Secondary School, Kankara in Katsina State have been declared missing. The students were reported missing after an attack by armed bandits on the school, Friday night. 4. The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in the last election, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar on Saturday told President Muhammadu Buhari to declare a state of emergency over the state of insecurity in the country. Atiku, a former Vice President of Nigeria, in a statement, said that it was now obvious that the strategies being deployed by the government in tackling insecurity had failed and must be abandoned for better ones. 5. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has recorded 617 new COVID-19 infections in the country. The public health agency noted that with the latest infections, the total confirmed COVID-19 cases in the country now stand at 72,757. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has relieved the Prof Kemebradikumo Daniel Ponde-led Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) of their duties. The President’s spokesperson, Femi Adesina, who disclosed this in a statement on Saturday night, revealed that Effiong Awa, the Acting Executive Director of finance and administration of the commission will now head the agency as approved by the President. 7. The Governor of Katsina State, Aminu Masari, has reacted to the abduction of students of Government Science Secondary School, GSS, in Kankara Local Government Area of the State. To this end, the governor ordered the immediate closure of all schools across the State. 8. The Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Tukur Yusuf Buratai, has said the International Criminal Court’s (ICC) decision to investigate security forces in the country over allegations of “crimes against humanity” and “war crimes”, will lead to a setback to all internal security operations. In a statement signed by the Acting Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Sagir Musa and released yesterday in Abuja, Buratai said that the move would have negative consequences on troops’ morale and interest in military service by Nigerians. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Mr. Effiong Okon Akwa, the Ag. Executive Director, Finance and Administration Of Niger Delta Development Commission , NDDC, as the interim administrator of the commission. According to Buhari’s media aide, Garba Shehu, Akwa is to resume headship till completion of the forensic audit. 10. Eleven young men from Gagarawa Local Government Area of Jigawa State have died in a road accident while travelling to Kano for the Nigerian Navy screening examination/Aptitude test. The accident occurred along Jigawa-Kano road on Saturday, December 12, when their vehicle rammed into a trailer, which was parked wrongly by the road.