The founder and leader of the INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Elijah Ayodele, has released prophecies concerning the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, and other financial institutions in the country. This was contained in multiple prophecies he made available to DAILY POST, on events that would happen in 2021. “The CBN LOGO will still be changed in the future not now. I foresee that the LOGO will still be adjusted. CBN will mount pressure on banks that failed to comply with the recapitalization directives,” he said. According to him, new banks will still merge, while many others will be exposed as CBN will carry out a review of its policy on stamp duty payments. He said that God revealed to him that CBN will work on the activities of black market operators as revealed by the spirit of God. “The Central Bank will inject more money into the Foreign Exchange Market in order to stabilize it. The CBN will face tough challenges because the economy will be fluctuating,” the cleric added. He said that the CBN governor, Godwin Emefiele must be careful not to be indicted by some State Governors because, according to him, there will be some missing monies in the apex bank “and even transactions in some accounts will be called for to enable proper analysis.” Prophet Ayodele said that the apex bank will also review its workers’ retirement packages. Ayodele also said that God revealed to him the death of a top banker, adding that some banks will be attacked, while some others will lay off some of their staff. Ayodele warned that Fidelity Bank may suffer loss, adding that God revealed to him that the bank may face sanctions. “Ecobank must be watchful so as to guard against failures in its compliance with banking regulations. “Equity Bank must be careful so that it will not face litigation and also record cases of fraudulent activities. “Access Bank must be careful about fire outbreaks and attacks on their bank buildings. “First Bank must be careful not to lose a big customer. The bank must pray against fire outbreaks and armed robbery attacks. “Stanbic IBTC must be careful about internal troubles and should be careful so that it will not begin to scrap some of its branches. “Polaris Bank must pray against deaths in the bank. The bank must pray for higher profitability. “WEMA Bank must be very careful because of cases of fraud that will involve the staff and Directors. Wema Bank must pray against trouble from its workers and also rebuke attacks,” he said. According to Prophet Ayodele, Union bank will have a change of leadership and there will be issues with a major customer of the bank.