The Coalition for Nigeria Movement (CNM) has stated that Nigeria is gradually coming out from the gloomy cloud of insecurity. According to the group, Nigeria troops have continued to dominate the area, foiling every attempt by the insurgents to relaunch their operations, a clear indication that the country is almost out of the darkness. The group made this known at a press conference on the security situation in Northern Nigeria on Thursday. Addressing newsmen during the press conference, Dr. Julius Idoko, Secretary-General, said the government made significant military gains, reducing the number of Boko Haram attributed deaths from more than 5,000 in 2015 to hundreds in 2020. He said: “We noted that some of the strategies deployed by some of the agencies have failed to yield the desired results but that others have worked tremendously changing the situation while bringing relief and succour to the people. “This appraisal captures the combined efforts of these agencies in each of the zones and what has been achieved though there are special cases when specific agencies and strategies did the magic. “The security agencies involved have mainly been the Nigerian Army, Airforce, Navy, the Department of State Security, DSS, the Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps and others. “Criminals elements operating in parts of Niger, Kogi and Nassarawa under the guise of a religious sect have also been dislodged and those they held captive freed by Nigerian troops. “The Kaduna- Abuja High Way which used to be notorious for kidnappers, armed robbers and cattle rustlers were also liberated by troops so that people can now travel safely. “What would have been an embarrassing situation for the Government and people of Nigeria was turned into a blessing when the army rescued 342 boys who were abducted at a secondary school in Kankara, Katsina State without casualty. “The Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorist groups have through terrorists, and other criminal activities destabilised the North-East of Nigeria. “With what we’ve observed as a group, we can beat our chests and say that the evils of terrorism, insurgency and banditry pervading the North will soon be a thing of the past. “There is hope that Nigeria is coming out of the darkness it has found itself in some years back.”