The Senate, Monday, called on the Federal Government to fund the newly-established National Commission for Persons with Disabilities ( NCPD). The upper legislative chamber, which made the call through its Committee on Sports, Youth and Social Development during screening of nominees for the position of Chairman and member of the board of the Commission, said adequate funding of the Commission, will help in the practical activation of inherent abilities in the disabled . Specifically, the Chairman of the Committee, Senator Obinna Ogba (PDP Ebonyi Central) in his remarks, said it is one thing for government to set up the commission through bill passed to that effect by the National Assembly, but another thing for the Commission to be adequately funded in achieving the purpose for which it was set up. “We thank the executive for setting up the National Commission for Persons with Disabilities and nominating persons to run it, but putting such intervention mechanism in place without required funding, will defeat the purpose for which it was established. “On our own part here in the Senate and by extension, the National Assembly, having through legislation, facilitated the establishment of the commission, we shall at any given time make required appropriation for effective and efficient functioning of the commission. “It is a welcome development that appointments of nominees into the commission are being screened four days after the International Day for Persons Living with Disabilities ( PLwD), marked on December 3rd on a yearly basis”, he said . He, however, admonished the screened nominees to remember their co-protesters in the past by carrying them along in the scheme of things. “Mr Chairman -Designate and the six members, please after confirmation by the Senate Tuesday or Wednesday this week, remember to use the commission to take care of interests of the disabled, particularly those who were with you in the trenches during the protests era”, he said . Those screened and designated for confirmation as nominated by President Buhari, were Hon ( Dr) Hussaini Suleiman Kangiwa as Chairman from North West, Oparaku Onyejelam Jaja as member from South East and Philomena Isioma Konwea from South-South as member. Others were Omopariola Busuyi Oluwasola as member from South West, Amina Rahma Audu as member from North West , Esther Andrew Awu as member from North Central and Abba Audu Ibrahim as member from North East.