Tokunbo Mukhail Abiru, the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate for Saturday’s Lagos East election, has stated that the party cannot afford to fail the electorate. Abiru said this in his victory speech on Sunday after the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) declared him winner of the poll. The former Managing Director of Polaris Bank defeated Babatunde Gbadamosi of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He commended APC leader, Bola Tinubu; Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu; Chairman of Lagos State APC, Babatunde Balogun; Governor’s Advisory Council (GAC); the State Executive Council (SEC); State Working Committee (SWC), and his campaign council for putting up a formidable structure that earned the people’s mandate. Noting that the election was won with a landslide, Abiru said, “Now that we have secured this Senatorial mandate; we cannot afford to fail our people. “We cannot afford to fail those who voted for us; those who chose not to vote for us for whatever reasons and those who did not vote at all. We cannot afford to betray the invaluable trust our people reposed in us as a political party and as their representatives in government. “Now is the time to translate all the promises we made into positive and tangible outcomes our people are expecting us to bring about. Now is the time to take our people from the realm of expectations to the limelight of fulfillment.” The former bank chief committed himself to offering people-focused quality representation and ensuring welfare of constituents. Abiru promised to work with his colleagues in the National Assembly to ensure special status for Lagos, and promote policies to improve national economic performance and financial sector development. Others are implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), facilitating completion of all federal and state road projects in Lagos East, promoting ease of doing business, supporting the 5 for 5 agenda for police reform, supporting fiscal federalism and joining forces with colleagues in the National Assembly to ensure devolution of powers to the sub-national governments. “Within the limits of our statutory mandate, this is the time to make the aged smile; empower our jobless youths; minister to the vulnerable; secure the future of brilliant indigent children and support the implementation of the ideals of our party”, he added.