A Coalition of South-East groups has condemned threats by the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu’s to governors of the region following their opposition of his militia outfit named “Eastern Security Network”. The coalition also lauded southeast governors for their unity in denouncing Kanu’s actions, warning Ndigbo not to fall prey to the IPOB leaders’ antics. Recall that IPOB had threatened South-East governors not to work against the Eastern Security Network he created or be prepared to face dire consequences and asked local vigilantes in the region not to allow themselves to be used by the governors. However, the Coalition of Igbo Groups, reacting to IPOB’s threats, tasked the region’s governors not to succumb to Kanu’s tricks, insisting that his activities were illegal to the law of the land and humanity. The advice was contained in a statement signed by affiliates of the Coalition including, the Coordinator, Southeast Mothers Forum, Mrs Achike Ezeife, Leader, Ndigbo Progressive Youth Vanguard, Barr. Uche Ude, Mazi Osigwe for the Igbo Unity Congress, Deaconess Grace Ejike for the Southeast Market Women Vanguard and the Southeast Youth Network, represented by Pastor Andy Okoro. The coalition urged governors in the region to make laws that were beneficial to citizens, warning that Kanu must not be allowed to operate any parallel leadership as that would be inimical to the peace and development of the Southeast. They also warned Igbos, especially youths not to succumb to Kano’s plans of causing disunity. “We wish to strongly condemn Nnamdi Kanu’s threat to Southeast governors and local vigilantes following the governors’ opposition of his illegal activities in the region among which is his formation of a militia group to disturb the peace of our region. “We call on our governors who are elected by the people to represent them not to be intimidated by Kanu’s threat. They should go all out against him by exposing him for what he is, for the betterment, peace and unity of Igbo land. “It is not in the place of Kanu and IPOB to institute laws for the people of the South East but the functions of governors of the region who were elected constitutionally by their people to act in that regard. “Kanu and his team do not mean well for Ndigbo. From all indications, it can be glaringly seen that his actions are for his personal benefits and not for the generality of Ndigbo as he tries desperately to portray.”