Tottenham’s clash with Arsenal is undoubtedly a big match as much is expected from the two sides. It will be an enticing kind of game as quality is expected to be on show on the pitch. While acknowledging the technical battle that could be made evident on Sunday by both managers, DAILY POST evaluates the three (3) key battles to watch ahead of the London Derby. Serge Aurier vs. Pierre-Emerick AubameyangT The African pair would battle themselves on the pitch as it would be a game of courage and mental ascendancy between the two players.T The latter may not be in form but just as they say, form is temporal but class is permanent, Arsenal‘s skipper, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang may show class. He is world class and any form of slack defending could see him returning to goalscoring form in this one. Serge Aurier must maintain full focus in order to silence Aubameyang’s assault in the game while he provides (overlapping) attacking options for the side from the right channel. Heung-Min Son vs. Bukayo Saka It will be a largely talented mix-up here as both players are laden with immense quality of their own. Both players would be expected to provide quality on the pitch amid the required creativity in the final third as the case may be. But with Bukayo Saka playing in the left wing back in a tactical swift by Arteta in the game, a clash is possible between him and Son here. How they cancel each other out will be of utmost view as Spurs brace the challenge Arsenal would provide in the content. Harry Kane vs. Gabriel Magalhaes The talented English star would be up against the Brazilian centre back as he (Kane) returns to make his mark in the game. With David Luiz out injured, the stage is set for compatriot, Gabriel Magalhaes to come face-to-face with the assist specialist as Harry Kane is known for this season. Kane’s eyes for goals will be tested by the defensive awareness Gabriel could bring to the game as hostility beckon between the two. Gabriel would be aiming to irk his name in gold as he faces one of the most inform and prolific striker in the Premier League.