The House of Representatives has accused the General Manager, External Relations and Sustainable Development of NLNG, Eyono Fatayi Williams, and her management team of withholding vital documents on the LNG Train 7 project. Hon. Jarigbe Agom Jarigbe, the Chairman of the House Ad-hoc Committee, investigating the Nigeria LNG Train 7 project made the claim at the rescheduled investigative hearing on the matter on Tuesday. Jarigbe said the whole project management, including waste management and disposal of the project was shrouded in secrecy. He insisted that the contract agreement signed by the contractor handling the project be made available to the committee immediately. The lawmaker also demanded that the cost implication of waste management of the project be made available to the committee. Jarigbe further demanded that the cost implication of the waste management of the Train 7 project be made available to the committee, stating that the committee has reviewed the Environmental Impact Assessment. Also, a member of the committee, Prof. Julius Ihonvbere, observed that some of the documents transmitted to the committee by the NLNG team were not signed or dated. However, Saipem contractors of the project team, represented by the Manager Stakeholder Relations and Analysis, Innocent Ogbu, and other officials informed the committee that the waste management scope for the project is reserved exclusively for the host community contractors and that contract for the project is based on a lump sum, and at this moment the cost implication is unknown and unclear as it has not even commenced. On her part, Fatayi-Williams said there is a standard waste management process for the NLNG project as a whole, adding that the waste management plan and process for Train 7 project will be in line with the existing template for waste management. She noted that NLNG produces 22 million metric tonnes of LNG every year and that the track record for waste management of the existing plant is with the relevant regulatory authorities at the Federal, State and Local Government levels since it started operation. After listening to her, Jarigbe adjourned hearing while asking the management of NLNG and Saipem to make available to the investigative committee information on the cost implication papers and other relevant documents within the time that will be advised.