As the Premier League returns this weekend, we look forward to amazing encounters on the pitch. Goals are on the cards as some of the best EPL side squares up against each other. It will be intriguing to watch what could happen this weekend as Premier League gradually enters its critical stage. As we look forward to the Premier League action, DAILY POST evaluates the key (3) Matches to watch at the weekend. Chelsea vs. Leeds United The home side would be looking forward to an epic clash against Leeds as the stage is set for signs and wonders on the playing field. It will be a battle of strength and determination as the two sides meet in the Premier League. Though Chelsea has been in top form, they should be wary of the threat the visitors possess as a unit. Marcelo Bielsa has formed a great team that have found their way back in the English top flight. And against Chelsea who is in form expect interesting mix-up in the game as they file out on the pitch. Tottenham Hotspurs vs. Arsenal The London side would go face to face with each other looking to advance their course in the season. Last week was not a good done for the Gunners and another week has come for them to make a remedy to their seasons. But it would be a tough one playing against Spurs especially with their current run (positive) of good form.
Jose Mourinho would be expected to be at his best in the dugout while he orchestrates means to continue his haunt over Arsenal in the game. Liverpool vs. Wolverhampton Wanderers The Red would be up against a tough-looking opponent in the form of Wolverhampton Wanderers. The Wolves side smashed Arsenal 1-2 at the Emirates despite their equalizer midway through the first half from (defender) Gabriel Magalhaes. And with the Liverpool side needing a result amid their injury crisis much will be expected in this tie. The Red drew 1-1 with Brighton and Hove Albion Ajax in the UEFA Champions League. Improvement beckons for the home side as they welcome Wolves at the Merseyside this weekend