The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has berated President Muhammadu Buhari’s visit to his cattle ranch while ignoring parents of students kidnapped from Government Science Secondary School in Kankara, Katsina State. PDP said Buhari places more premium on the welfare of his cattle than the protection of Nigerians. The party described as insensitive the action of Buhari to visit his cattle ranch while ignoring Kankara where the students were abducted. Boko Haram had last week abducted some students of Government Science Secondary School in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State. The students were abducted while Buhari was on a private visit to his hometown of Daura, in Katsina State. Following the incident, parents of the students had taken to the streets to protest the abduction of their children. Amid the protest, photographs emerged online of Buhari visiting his cattle ranch. Reacting, PDP in a series of tweets wrote: “The @OfficialAPCNg has again displayed its insensitivity and anti-people stance by encouraging President @MBuhari to visit his cattle ranch instead of Kankara, in his home Katsina state, were 600 students where abducted by suspected terrorists. “The PDP says by not impressing it on President @MBuhari to cut short his unnecessary holiday and make efforts to rescue the abducted students, the @OfficialAPCNg has again shown that it is a party of ‘political bandits’, which has no iota of concern for the wellbeing of Nigerians. “Indeed, the preference for the welfare of Mr. President’s cattle over the safety of our young students, who are now languishing in their abductors’ den, foregrounds APC’s disdain for Nigerians, for which it should never be entrusted with governance at any level in future. “Our party and, indeed, discerning Nigerians are not surprised that the @OfficialAPCNg, as a party, has not forcefully condemned the kidnapping of the students even as it has not raised any strong voice against the recent gruesome killing of 43 farmers in Borno state by terrorists “Rather, the @OfficialAPCNg has tacitly supported the insensitive comment by the @MBuhari Presidency, which blamed the slain farmers instead of taking steps to apprehend the assailants.”