Three suspects have been arrested by the Edo Police Command for the murder of a female trader in Orhiomwon Local Government Area of the state. The suspects allegedly robbed, gang raped and then murdered their victim on her way to the market. It was gathered that the three suspects accosted the woman and dispossessed her of the sum of N30,000 before dragging her into a nearby bush, where they took turns to rape and later left her with life threatening injuries. The yet to-be-identified woman was said to have died as a result of the injuries she sustained while she was being defiled by her assailants. Her body has been deposited in the mortuary for autopsy and further investigation. According to a vigilante group in the area said; that some persons who were on the farm heard the woman screaming but could not find her when they got to the scene because the suspects had dragged her further into the bush. What gave out the suspects was a shirt belonging to a member of the village, which was found in the area where the incident took place. The source disclosed that owner of the shirt was later identified to be one Destiny Osa, who was subsequently arrested by the locals and handed over to men of the Ugo Police Division, who in turn handed him over to men of the Anti Kidnapping And Cyber Crime Unit of the Edo state Police Command for further Investigation. Using high technical intelligence, the said Destiny Osa told the police how they attacked, robbed, raped and murdered the woman in the bush at about 7am and took the police to arrest the other two members of the gang named Etim Zion and Samuel Jeremiah both from Akwa Ibom state but resident in the area. During the police investigation, the woman’s hair attachment and her cloth referred to as “wrapper” were recovered at the scene of the crime. The prime suspect, Osa, later led the police and another investigative team to the bush area where the woman was gang raped. When contacted, Edo state Police Public Relations Officer, Chidi Nwabuzor, who confirmed the incident said, no one had come for the body of the female trader. The PPRO assured that the three suspects would be charged to court for prosecution. Nwabuzor advised anyone whose family member left home since Saturday 19 December 2020 to Evbuosa around Obozogbe in Orhiomwon Local Government Area of Edo state and had not returned home to contact the office of the Anti Kidnapping/Cyber Crime Unit of the Edo state police command in Benin city.