Carlo Ancelotti’s men would do battle against Manchester City as the game looms at Goodison Park. It will be a scintillating round of football in the 90 minutes contest as the likes of Pep Guardiola and Italian Ancelotti’s test might be in the Coaching dugout. While the two managers duel on the sidelines, players would also compete against each other on the pitch. DAILY POST takes a look at the key battles ahead of the showdown at Goodison on Park. Michael Keane vs. Sergio Aguero The match would present a high profile contest between these two individuals personnel as the game draws closer by the minutes. Manchester City star Sergio Aguero will test his might with the English defender Michael Keane though the striker is just returning to match fitness. But Keane’s technical awareness in the heart of Everton’s defence should provide the right measure for him to compete against Sergio Aguero as the match looms in earnest. Gylfi Sigurdsson vs. Fernandinho The Brazilian will stage a comeback for this match as Sigurdsson’s creativity would be on the line when Fernandinho competes with him on the field of play. Both managers would rely on the quality both players could present in the game as we envisage an intriguing duel between the two football brains. Sigurdsson is in-form after scoring the winner against the Blades but it’s no guarantee he would come out on top in this one against the former Shakhtar Donetsk defensive midfielder. Dominic Calvert-Lewin vs. John Stones Everton’s top marksman Calvert-Lewin will be on the ascendancy as he faces his opposite number in the Everton/City clash on Monday. He is one of the leading goal scorers in the EPL and his case may be too much for John Stones to handle, though the City defender has been in good stead in recent times. It promises to be an interesting battle between these English players on the pitch much as their contributions could determine the pendulum of this match in earnest. Let’s hope that both English stars will produce the required measure we anticipate in this tie as Calvert-Lewin looks to add to his tally at the expense of John Stones defensive strength on the occasion.