Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, has said that only mischievous people doubt the Buhari administration’s will and unquestionable capacity to protect Nigerians. Garba said this in an article he entitled, “five takeaways from the safe return of 344 Kankara schoolboys,” and made available to DAILY POST on Sunday. The presidential aide noted that Nigerians displayed the spirit of brotherhood and love for President Buhari during the trying time. “One must never take for granted the Nigerian spirit of brotherhood or their love for their President,” he said, adding that the ugly development showed how Nigerians were far more united than it would seem. According to Shehu, who had a week ago claimed that only 10 students were kidnapped from the Government Science Secondary School, Nigerians also love his principal and have absolute trust in the President’s ability to protect them. Explaining further, the presidential aide said “The outpouring of solidarity and support for the administration cuts across all divides, from far and wide, from expected and unexpected quarters. “Nigerians have shown that in moments of national grief, they are truly their brother’s keepers and the events of the last few days have clearly demonstrated this residue.” Shehu lambasted those who he described as unpatriotic elements who profit from misfortune, according to him, their actions were shameful. “There will always be profiteers from other people’s misfortune. The lack of patriotism shown by few unnecessary elements in a moment of national distress was crass, shameful and despicable,” he said. “If they are not directly affected by a tragedy or no immediate family member involved, it is fair game for them and time to gloat or even make a few fast bucks. Indeed emergency activists thought they could cash in on these schoolboys and their parents’ misfortune devoid of their conscience. “While patriotic Nigerians prayed for the boys’ quick return, these merchants of fortune were renting crowds, creating certain suspicious hashtags, opening bank accounts for the sole aim of soliciting funds for a cause they thought would linger. “What will they do now with the one million T-Shirts they have produced? This is hugely shameful.” He advised those he called “scavengers” to do the honourable thing by refunding the monies they have so far gathered from individuals, groups and corporate organisation for “the now futile campaign to discredit their fatherland.” Following the return of the 344 schoolboys kidnapped a day after President Buhari’s visit to his hometown Daura, Katsina State, Garba Shehu had told the BBC that only ten students were taken by the suspected bandits. But following their return on Friday, Shehu apologized to Nigerians over the misinformation on the number of students abducted Apologising for his error, Shehu explained that he was misled by those who should “ideally know.”