Fast-rising Nigerian singer, Tems, has narrated her ordeal in Uganda prison after being detained for violating COVID-19 guidelines in the country. DAILY POST recalls that Omah Lay and Tems were arrested by the Ugandan police days ago after their performance on Saturday night at The Big Brunch, a concert that was held at Speke Resort, Wavamunno Rd, Kampala. However, due to public outcry, the Nigerian government secured their release and they arrived Nigeria on Wednesday Taking to her Twitter page on Thursday, Tems thanked everyone who supported them during their trying times. She said that the experience in the prison was an eye-opener for her and it has made her more compassionate towards people suffering. “This past week has been difficult but extremely eye-opening for me. I know some may have been worried, but despite everything, this experience has helped me see things for myself. While I was being detained, I met some amazing women and children, and my eyes were opened to the strife and hurt a lot of women are going through. I am so blessed to have experienced the strength and bravery that these women possess to keep them going. “I have newfound compassion and desire to be more involved in making life easier for people such as these, no matter the circumstance,” she said. She explained that she believed “all the necessary approvals had been fully met by the organizers to ensure a safe and compliant event in Kampala” and would not have put her fans at risk if she knew otherwise.” Part of her statement read:”On Saturday, 12 December, I was scheduled to perform with Omah Lay at the Big Brunch: When we arrived Uganda we were met with such a warm reception, including press events promoting the event. “This promotion alongside the safety terms outlined in the performance agreement, and the presence of authorities at the event, assured us that necessary approvals had been fully met by the organizers to ensure a safe and compliant event in Kampala. I’m truly saddened that attendees could have possibly been exposed to Coronavirus “I would have never participated had I even the slightest knowledge that the event would not meet standard operating procedures and put Uganda’s citizens at risk. “The seriousness of Coronavirus requires responsibility from everyone as a world citizen, a responsibility I take very seriously.”