Following the repeated killing of innocent citizens during clashes between men of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) and suspected smugglers in Ogun State, the police and other security agencies in the state have threatened to wage war against anyone importing illegal goods into the country. On Tuesday, a similar clash had led to the firing of shots by the customs officers in Ayetoro area of the state. DAILY POST learnt that deaths and injuries were recorded in the ugly incident. The incident has sparked reactions from prominent indigenes of Ogun State like Hon. Adekunle Akinlade, who threatened to drag the NCs before the International Criminal Court for alleged extrajudicial killings. But, the police and other security agencies in Ogun State, at a meeting held on Thursday, took a look at the rising cases of smuggling in the border areas of the State, blaming smugglers for the death of innocent individuals. According to a statement made available to DAILY POST by the State police spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, the security agreed that smuggling activities in Ogun border communities usually result in violent confrontations with security agencies, saying “it at times lead to fatalities.” Oyeyemi revealed the joint meeting of heads of security agencies in Ogun noted that the Federal Government recently reopened four international borders, but none of the four is in Ogun State. “Therefore, international borders in the state remain closed, and security operatives will continue to enforce the order and use every means at its disposal to discourage smuggling in the state. “The meeting also observed with dismay, the incessant attacks on security personnel while performing their legitimate duties. It is therefore resolved that attack on any security operatives under any guise will no longer be tolerated as such acts will be met with appropriate force permitted under the law to manage violence,” Oyeyemi informed. The security heads also expressed concern over the rising rates of cult clashes in some parts of the state, while promising to clamp down heavily on the perpetrators and their accomplices.