Manchester City would return to action as they hope to pile salt to West Brom’s campaign in the Premier League. The Baggies are seemingly in a turmoil in the season following their promotion to the English topflight. They have struggled relatively to cope with the rigour of the Premier League despite the input manager Slaven Bilic is making at the Hawthorns. And against a City side needing a response following their barren draw at the weekend against Manchester United, West Brom faces an uphill task to contend with in the midweek. City will be expected to win due to the obvious quality they have as they tried to catch up with the other big sides setting the pace at the top of the standing. However, with the match billed between the two, DAILY POST takes a look at key players that could help City pick the three points at home. Riyad Mahrez (Right Winger) The Algerian international would be a threat to West Brom’s agenda ahead of this game as they welcome the Baggies in midweek. Mahrez may not have featured consistently like the duo of Raheem Sterling and Brazil’s Ederson but when he’s on the pitch he would provide an arrowhead for his City side in the contest. His hat-trick against Burnley in the 5-0 win in recent weeks is a reminder of his potential and quality, while his movements on the ball define his modification and performance level as a player. If he gets on the pitch against West Brom he could do the damage as the visitors continue to struggle in the bottom end of the League in the season. Raheem Sterling (Left Winger) The English forward has been a key figure for Pep Guardiola’s men across all competitions this season. But somehow he’s continued his poor run of form in the Derby against Manchester United, having failed to inspire his side with a goal in the barren draw just like Anthony Martial has done for United last season. Against the lowly ranked West Brom side, he is expected to flourish while he supports the likes of Gabriel Jesus and Ferran Torres (Riyad Mahrez) in the Citizen’s attack. His pace and knack for scoring goals could see him trouble the West Brom defence as expected in the game. Kevin De Bruyne (Attacking Midfielder) The Belgium international superstar would grace the occasion as they welcome the West Brom side at the Etihad Stadium. His relevance could be made evident on the pitch while he’s been identified as a big miss prior to their game against Arsenal earlier in the campaign. His creativity is expected to be on show while he offers guile and direction to the Manchester City side in transition. He would be one of the stars of the game as Pep Guardiola hopes he stays fit ahead of crucial games later in the season. He would bring the amazing input the East lands would be desiring in this fixture as their match with West Brom beckons in the midweek.