Kidnappers of Mr. Mike Oguguo Ndu, a 70-year-old retired journalist have demanded the sum of N50 million for his freedom. A relative of the victim, Mr John Ndu, also a journalist working with Anambra State ministry of information, told DAILY POST that his uncle Mike was kidnapped on Monday around Okene in Kogi State, while travelling to Abuja to see his sick wife. His nephew, John Ndu said strange people using strange phone number on Tuesday called the victim’s brother, Joseph, to demand a ransom of N50 million for his release. While recounting the story of Ndu’s kidnap, John said, “Mike Ndu was alongside other passengers, kidnapped by suspected bandits at Okene, Kogi State. “He boarded Wazobia commercial bus in Onitsha, to visit his sick wife in Abuja, but his journey was thwarted by some bandits who diverted their bus into a bush. “The bus took off from Onitsha to Abuja around 7:20 am last Monday, 21th December, 2020. “Throughout his journey, his family members were in contact with him, until around 3 pm, when his phone was no longer reachable. “Nobody heard from him again till, Tuesday, 22nd December, 2020, when a strange number called his elder brother, Sir Joseph. C Ndu, demanding for a ransom of N50 million or his brother, Mike would go down.” John said the children of PA Ndu, resident in Abuja have visited the transport company, Wazobia park in Gwagwarada Abuja, where the Manager, one Mr Ifeanyi Smart said the company would assist with every useful information. John added, “The 70 years old Mike Ndu From Ogbunike in Oyi Local government area, is facing health challenges including diabetes and hypertension, which may be aggravated by his present ugly condition. He is equally on daily medication. “We call on Nigeria security agencies to deploy their intelligence network, to assist the family in rescuing our father and uncle.” DAILY POST gathered that until his retirement, the victim, Ndu worked with Monitor Newspaper and Enterprise Magazine in Uyo, Akwa-Ibom State. He also worked with Madonna Fm Okija and Our Nation Newspaper, Onitsha.