Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, a National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Thursday, met with the Governor of Osun State, Gboyega Oyetola, the Minister for Interior, Rauf Aregbesola and Chief Bisi Akande, a former National Chairman of APC. The meeting, which was held behind closed-door at the residence of Akande in Ila Orangun, was to broker peace between Oyetola and Aregbesola. Oyetola, a member of the APC, took over leadership from Aregbesola in 2018. However, shortly after assuming power, there were reports of a rift between the governor and his predecessor, as Oyetola was said to have scrapped some programmes initiated by Aregbesola. However, speaking with journalists after the meeting, Hon Lani Baderinwa, the Media Aide of Chief Akande who was former Commissioner for Information, Osun State, disclosed that Aregbesola came to see his principal as part of civic engagement directed by President Muhammadu Buhari. According to Baderinwa, Aregbesola came with Oyetola to meet Akande and incidentally Tinubu came around on random visitation to Ila Orangun. He also noted that the core of their discussion was not open to him, adding that there was nothing unusual about the meeting. Baderinwa said: “Aregbesola was here as part of civic engagements as directed by the president not too long ago. He couldn’t have done it alone; he has to come with the current governor. “Whatever is the core of their discussion is not opened to me, but I know they are inside. Incidentally, Asiwaju as usual who comes around randomly without anybody knowing was around too. That is what happened today. “We joined them at the meeting, and I believe that as the national leader of the party, he has a stake in the whole scenario; therefore, there was nothing unusual about the meeting.” He added, “I am not aware of any problem between Aregbesola and Oyetola. There have always been speculations in the media that they are at loggerheads with each other.” Meanwhile, Aregbesola had earlier posted on his Twitter account, “Our entourage paid a courtesy visit to our leader and father, Baba Bisi Akande, alongside Governor of Osun State, Alhaji Adegboyega Oyetola in Ila Orangun. Baba advised us on End SARS, insecurity amongst other issues!”