The founder and leader of the INRI Evangelical Spiritual Church, Elijah Ayodele, has predicted an attack on Abuja by bandits. Ayodele, who has been busy releasing his prophecies about 2021 and the years ahead, also predicted clashes between Fulani herdsmen and farmers across the country. According to the cleric, who has released over 200 prophecies for the year 2021, the days of Boko Haram leader, Abubakar Shekau are numbered. On Refineries in the country, Ayodele said that while government-owned establishments will go down, the newly built Refinery by business mogul, Dangote, will flourish. According to Ayodele, a sitting President and former President may die this year while another may land in jail. “I foresee a major attack in Abuja. Armed bandits will attack churches and will kidnap church leaders and there will be political assassination,” he added. “There will be problems between the Fulani herdsmen and farmers. There will be a serious attack on farmers in the Northern and Eastern parts of Nigeria. God revealed to me that some of these herdsmen are used for a purpose which will still be revealed. “Only God can save us. Shekau days are numbered which is the reason why all these kidnappings. “I foresee that Government-owned Refineries will go down. I foresee that the Dangote Refinery and petrochemicals company will come up to sustain the country but it will be having so many troubles and issues. “Let’s pray not to lose a one-time president and a sitting President. Let’s pray against the uprising and pray that a president will not be jailed.” Ayodele had in his most recent prophecies foretold that the North will be in power in 2023, asking those hoping for a power shift in 2023 to forget about it. He also said that politicians such as Transport Minister, Chibuike Amaechi, former Senate President, Bukola Saraki; Governor Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State are among those that will contest for the Presidency in 2023. The cleric had further warned the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Bola Tinubu not to waste his resources in running for the election.