Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the South-South, has described a former Rivers South East Senator, Magnus Abe and Igo Aguma, a former member of the House of Representatives, as political clowns over the purported suspension of the Minister of Transportation, Chibuike Amaechi, from the party. According to Eze, this particular action exposed Abe, Aguma as desperados, shameless, unrepentant and acute opposition elements who are commissioned to destabilize the party in Rivers State. Eze, a former spokesman of the defunct New Peoples Democratic Party, nPDP, also recommended Abe and Aguma to the Actors Guild of Nigeria (AGN) for further grooming on acting and possible roles in Nollywood movies. Eze, in a statement to DAILY POST on Wednesday, urged Nigerians not to take such a misguided and comic group serious. Aguma, a factional leader of the Rivers APC had during the week met with others in his camp, notably, Livingstone Wechie and thereafter declared Amaechi suspended. Joining Amaechi in the list of suspended members were, Senator Andrew Uchendu, former acting National Chairman of the APC, Victor Giadom, Caretaker Committee Chairman of the APC, Rivers State, Isaac Ogbuobula, amongst others. He said, “Having shown their huge talents and endowments in the entertainment industry, it is only justifiable and fair to recommend Abe, Aguma and others to AY, Basketmout, Bovi and other established comedians, for further grooming and rudimentary training to enable them live-out their dream career and set them up for life, rather than allow them wander aimlessly and polluting the polity with jokes, stressing that the political atmosphere is too critical for melodramatic actions and clowning. “Aguma, who has been parading himself as Rivers APC Caretaker Committee Chairman has since lost the locus to so act given that the judgment of the High Court which constituted statutory members of the party into CTC and imposed Aguma as Chairman has been suspended by the Court of Appeal since Thursday, July 16, 2020 in Isaac Abott Ogbobula v Igo Aguma & Ors,” Eze maintained. He recalled that the Appellate Court had in a unanimous ruling by a panel of Justices, stripped Igo Aguma of the powers and legality to continue to lay claim to the Rivers APC CTC Chairmanship. Eze pointed out that “from the foregoing, it,’therefore, follows that no legal basis exists on this planet upon which Igo Aguma can continue to act or purport to act in that capacity, having been unclothed with legality and stripped naked in the market place by the Appellate Court which made an open show of him.” He said “the self-centered moorings of Abe, Aguma and others succinctly and clearly exposes them as mercenaries of the Peoples Democratic Party and Gov. Wike.” He dismissed the purported suspension of Amaechi, and others as “a joke taken too far.”