The member representing Kabba-Bunu/Ijumu Federal Constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. TeeJay Yusuf, has lampooned the House Majority leader, Hon. Ado Garba Doguwa, for threatening to sanction an opposition member in House who wished for President Muhammadu Buhari’s impeachment. Reacting to Ado Doguwa’s sanction threat, the lawmaker described the House leader, a career sycophant, whose likes were those endangering Nigeria’s democracy. He wondered how a House leader would dabble into opposition members’ affairs and suddenly become their mouth piece, noting that Hon. Doguwa by his action deserted the high position he currently occupies. In a statement he issued and made available to DAILY POST in Abuja on Tuesday, the lawmaker, urged the House leader to attend a refresher course on duties and responsibilities of his office, rather than erring all the time. He expressed shock that Hon. Doguwa aligned himself with the Minister of Justice’ s view that the House cannot invite the President over grave national issues. “People, who are supposed to be knowledgeable, should be adding value to robust democratic processes and practice. “But for someone who has been around the House of Representatives since 1991 to denigrate or belittle such, is very anti-democratic, highly disappointing, prankish and embarrassing to us all,” Yusuf stated. Hon. Ado Doguwa, who is the House Leader, had threatened to mobilise for sanction against the leader of PDP House Caucus, Hon. Kingsley Chinda, over his call for impeachment of President Muhammadu Buhari. According to Kogi lawmaker, it has become a sad relics of a lawmaker to get carried away by the perks of his office to the extent that he neither feel the heat of bandits and terrorists’ daily killings and abductions of innocent citizens in rural and urban parts across the North and southern Nigeria. TeeJay further stressed that Chinda’s call for impeachment of President Muhammadu Buhari was part of democracy, stating that there is nothing milling outside the law about it.