The Anambra State government has visited the wife and children of Chidiebere Nwoga who was killed on Tuesday night by a policeman, after he attempted to resist the impoundment of his motorcycle. The delegation also visited the family of Izuchukwu Alaka, another commercial motorcycle rider who was killed in Ekwulobia on Wednesday, when a mob invaded the police station in the town. The delegation consisting both of government delegates and members of a non-governmental organization visited the families of the two deceased persons in Igboukwu and Ogboji communities. The visit, it was gathered, was at the instruction of the Anambra State governor, Chief Willie Obiano. The delegation led by the chairman of the Transition Committee of Aguata Local Government Area, Chief Eche Ezeibe, visited the family of Chidiebere Nwoga in Igbo Ukwu, Aguata LGA and that of Izuchukwu Alaka in Ogboji, Orumba South LGA. The delegation also consisted of the Coordinator of Civil Society Organizations (CSOs) in Anambra State, Comrade Chris Azor; the Ist Vice President of the Youth Wing of the Association of Anambra Town Unions (ASATU), Chukwuka Nkwado Onwughalu; the leader of the Youth Wing of Ohaneze NdIgbo in the state, Mazi Chukwuma Okpalaezeukwu; the Executive Assistant to the Governor on Youth Affairs, Fergusson Okpara; and the President of the Association of Non-Indigenes in the state, Comrade Chigozie Henry Nweke. Speaking at the occasion, President General of the Ebonyi Indigenes Welfare Association in Anambra State, Felix Nwaofia said, “The fact that Governor Obiano’s delegation could visit us shortly after the tragedy that befell our family speaks a lot about the responsive and humane administration which he runs. “We are, indeed, impressed by the governor’s unequivocal, open and timely condemnation of Nwoga’s killing by a security agent.” The immediate elder brother of the slain commercial motorcyclist, Anthony Nwoga, also lauded the governor for his timely response, advising the people not to take the law into their hands anymore by reacting violently to the death. “After all”, he said, “we have enjoyed excellent relations with the people and government of Anambra State”.