Acting Chairman of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Ebonyi State University branch, Ikechuku Igwenyi has alleged that Governor David Umahi is after his life for daring to oppose his government by leading the ASUU struggle. Igwenyi who spoke from his hideout alleged that an army of hoodlums led by some aides of the Governor invaded his family compound at Mebi-Owa Okposi in Ohaozara LGA at about 3pm. Another batch of youths was said to be heading to his Abakaliki residence as the time of filing this report, a source said. The fierce-looking youths, the source alleged, had the mandate of the Governor to run the ASUU leader and his entire extended family out of town. An earlier statement issued from his home town of Okposi on December 31, 2020 by Igwenyi, an Associate Professor, said he was not taking the Governor’s alleged threat lying low given his antecedents. The statement reads in part: “Ohaozara stakeholders visited Governor David Umahi in the spirit of Christmas at his country home in Uburu on 28th December, 2020. In his response, instead of addressing the issues raised by the people, he [the Governor] rather spent time instigating the people against the Acting Chairman of ASUU EBSU, Comrade Ikechuku O. Igwenyi. “He claimed Comrade Igwenyi is playing double standards and MUST be made to leave the University by all means. “He stated that Comrade Igwenyi is the the reason there is no peace in the State and in the University and requested the people of Ohaozara to raise 1000 youths and occupy the residence of Comrade Ikechuku Igwenyi at Abakaliki for seven days, after which his parents will be apprehended and family home at Okposi will be occupied for another seven days. “He maintained that any perceived opposition should be beaten to unconsciousness and handed over to security agencies. He urged the traditional rulers to initiate plans to ostracize the Igwenyi family from Okposi should he fail to leave the seat as ASUU Chairperson and resign from the University as his APC government will not tolerate any nonsense and would knock any perceived opposition in the mouth. “Comrade Igwenyi has not done anything wrong by effectively representing the interest of the workers union and has not been found wanting as a Lecturer, supervisor, guidance and counsellor, Head of Department of Biochemistry, or in research and development in the society. “Note that EBSU staff members are owed arrears of 6 months salary, paid amputated salary for July and August while third party deductions are owed since May 2020. “EBSU staff are denied promotions and when released, it will have a notional effect between 42 months to 54 months while the last appraisal was 3 years ago. As the mouthpiece of the Union and a messenger, how is Igwenyi the problem of the State? As political allies to the Governor of Ebonyi State in Ohaozara are planning to occupy Comrade Igwenyi’s home and expel his family from the community, one pertinent question is how Comrade Ikechuku Igwenyi has become a threat to peace in the University and Ebonyi State that the Governor is mobilizing 1000 youths against him “On this note, it has become imperative that the life of Comrade Ikechuku Okorie Igwenyi and family is under intense threat and should anything happen to Comrade Igwenyi and family, everyone now knows who to hold responsible. Igwenyi Family has met the same day and is preparing for the onslaught and ASUU EBSU will not be left out. People close to government and security agencies should be advised that a stitch in time will definitely save nine because to regret is to be late.”