Good morning! Here are today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the Lagos State Governor, has directed that all private schools and government institutions in the State be shut down indefinitely. The Governor also directed all public servants from Grade Level 14 and below, except emergency workers and first responders, to work from home for the next two weeks, with effect from next week Monday. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday met with the released students of Government Science Secondary School in Kankara. Buhari met with the 344 students who were last week kidnapped by some gunmen said to be bandits on Friday in Katsina State. 3. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday said the revelations trailing the abduction and release of students by bandits have further exposed the President Muhammadu Buhari’s All Progressives Congress, APC-led government as a party in league with bandits, insurgents and terrorists ravaging our nation. PDP said the revelation has exposed that the Buhari-led APC government was in what it termed “blood business with bandits, insurgents.” 4. The FCT Minister, Malam Muhammad Bello, on Friday, directed the Market Management Limited and the various market associations in Abuja to work together to carry out sensitization activities. The Minister also issued new guidelines to offices, worship centres, transportation and among others as the FCT prepares for a second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. 5. UN Secretary-General, Antonio Guterres has reacted to the release of the abducted 344 students of Government Science School Kankara in Katsina State of Nigeria. Guterres in a note to UN correspondents on Friday, commended the swift action taken by the Nigerian Government to rescue the students. 6. The Lagos State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has announced the suspension of its chairman, Mr. Adedeji Doherty. Mr. Muiz Shodipe, a member of the state party executive, who made the announcement at a news conference on Friday, alleged that the chairman was guilty of financial mismanagement and polarisation of the party. 7. Unknown gunmen have attacked the convoy of the Emir of Kaura Namoda, HRH Sanusi Muhammad Asha, on his way back from Abuja. The Zamfara State Commissioner of Police, Usman Nagogo, who confirmed the incident, said three of his police escorts were killed, as well as five other people. 8. A first class traditional ruler in Kogi State, Alhaji Shaibu Usman has been kidnapped by unknown gunmen. Alhaji Usman, who is the current Acting Eje of Ankpa, was kidnapped on Friday at about 5:30am, while entering a Mosque in Ankpa. 9. Suspected Fulani herdsmen, on Thursday, night allegedly killed about seven persons in Gora Gan, Zangon-Kataf local government area of Kaduna State. In the Thursday attack, according to a reliable source, five of the seven persons killed by the suspected Fulani herdsmen are from the same family. 10. The Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodinma, has sacked the Vice-Chancellor of Imo State University, Prof. Victoria Adaobi Obasi, and ordered a forensic audit of the higher institution amid allegations of monumental corrupt practices as reported by a panel. The decision to sack Obasi was reached at an Executive Council Meeting chaired by the governor on Wednesday, December 16.