The Kaduna State Government, on Thursday evening, confirmed the killing of two vigilantes and five others. The state Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr. Samuel Aruwan said the state government was informed that several armed bandits were also neutralized at the outskirts of Galadimawa in Giwa Local Government Area of Kaduna State. According to him, “The armed bandits were neutralized after they attacked the weekly Galadimawa Market on Wednesday evening, where two vigilantes and five citizens lost their lives. “According to the security report, the armed bandits sneaked into the market around 4pm and opened fire on the vigilantes, in the process killing the following operatives: Yusuf Magaji Iyatawa, Dabo Bafillace. “While escaping, the bandits killed the following five citizens: Danjuma Haladu, Shuaibu Isyaku, Isyaku Adamu, Shehu Dalhatu, Musa Haruna Kerawa.” The statement further said, “a commercial trailer driver, one Alhaji Yusuf Tumburku who had just loaded 330 bags of maize belonging to a trader, Alhaji Hamza Ungwan Lalle Giwa, had his vehicle and the grains burnt to ashes. One other car was burnt by the armed bandits. “The security agencies comprising the police and troops gave the armed bandits a hot pursuit while they escaped out of the general area. “The armed bandits who were on about 15 motorcycles met their end in the hands of aggressive fighting air platforms which engaged them and subsequently neutralized several of them. “The ground troops are still carrying out clearance operations in the Galadimawa and Kidandan general areas. “The Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir El-Rufai has sent condolences to the families that lost their loved ones and commended the military and police for neutralizing the armed bandits. “The Governor charged locals in the Galadimawa and Kidandan general areas of Giwa Local Government to continue to volunteer useful information to the government and security agencies,” the statement further said.