Wherever you may live in Nigeria, there is one thing we all can agree on: the nightmare to have to physically appear in a Nigerian bank banking hall. A month ago, I was debited ₦10,000 by a bank and till date, have not gone there. To me, ₦10,000 is not worth the stress of queuing under the sun. However, what happens when the amount of money is larger or when you have to upgrade your account, solve BVN related issues, or withdraw from the bank? What do you do? My search for a solution led me to gomoney – https://gomoney.global/ I was skeptical when my coworkers made the suggestion. This was because I’ve had my fair share of problems with some digital bank apps. After another ₦10,000 debit, and the bank’s request for physical presence, I became desperate and decided to try gomoney. I was wowed after using the app, I regretted not knowing about the application earlier. gomoney offers services that rival digital banks worldwide. But is it the best in Nigeria? First, it was easy to find on App Store and Google Play. It took only 20mb to install, and when unpacked, it took 44mb. Next, I entered my phone number and after receiving an OTP, I was verified. It was that simple. Here are the top five things I discovered about the gomoney: Fast Transfer: With a good network, it rivals the best bank apps. Transfers are executed speedily and the layout is user-friendly. With gomoney, you can send money to gomoney accounts, other bank accounts, and through links. gomoney charges ₦8.5 per transfer which is cheap, a lot of banks charge over triple of that. You can also send receipts of transactions PDFs or images. ATM card: Though gomoney app does not offer ATM cards currently, they will soon be available. Tracking options: One of the major benefits is the tracking tools. With gomoney, you can check how much you’ve spent. This is a major win as I had to get third-party apps to do this with other banks. If you are very intentional about how much you spend monthly, gomoney is for you. Bills split: If you frequently go out with friends, this will blow your mind. gomoney allows you to split bills. This means if you and a friend jointly purchase an item, you can easily share the amount and register the cost on the same tab. Amazing. Free virtual card: Although ATM card is not yet available, gomoney provides free virtual card. This allows you to make payments online even on sites that would not normally accept Nigerian MasterCard. This was what got me hooked. Again, is it the best app? As a satisfied user, I can confidently say gomoney is the best digital bank app in Nigeria. You should get on it now. By Victor Okeh