Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike, has warned the National Working Committee (NWC) of his party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) against sowing seed of discord among PDP governors. The Governor said that by so doing, the Uche Secondus-led NWC is jeopardizing the party’s prospect to clinch the presidency in 2023. He said the present NWC of the PDP is not interested or working towards reclaiming power from the APC in 2023, lambasting them for only being interested in remaining in power. Wike said it was regrettable that the PDP, instead of capitalizing on the weaknesses of the All Progressives Congress’ five years in power, PDP’s NWC is deepening cracks in the party. “PDP ought to have harvested from the inefficiency of the APC; from the maladministration of the APC,” Wike was quoted by Channels Television. Wike vowed that he will never allow anybody kill the PDP, adding that others can easily defect to the ruling APC while he (Wike) lacks the capacity to do so. The Governor said that Nigerians are eagerly waiting for change and that the opposition party aught to be united at this point in time to harvest from the opportunities created by the ruling party. Wike, however, lamented that the current leadership of NWC is not ready for the tasks ahead but are busy constituting problems and sowing seeds of discord among governors for their own selfish interest. “If you ask me currently as it is, is the leadership of the party willing for us to harvest this opportunity for a change, I will say no. “An opposition party that ought to be united, to work, to take over the affairs of government, because people are waiting for this opportunity, but the current leadership of NWC is not prepared for that, rather, what they have done is to constitute some people to sow a seed of discord among governors for their own selfish interest. And that will boomerang; that will consume them. “I will not allow anybody to kill PDP. They have the capacity to move to APC. I don’t and I cannot move to APC. So, anybody that tries to do something to destroy PDP, I will not allow you. Anybody that I see that has the trait to destroy the PDP, I will not allow.” Governor Wike has in recent days been meeting with leaders of ethnic and regional groups in the State with the latest being his meeting in Port Harcourt with Chairman of the Northern Elders Forum, NEF, Prof. Ango Abdullahi. There are rumours that the Governor is warming up to run in the 2023 presidential election either as the PDP flag-bearer or as a vice presidential candidate.