An interfaith group under the aegis of National Coalition of Interfaith Groups of Nigeria, NCIGN, has decried President Buhari’s silence over calls to rejig the nation’s security architecture. The group says it finds the growing insecurity in the country, the President’s inaction on the sack of Service Chiefs and refusal to implement the resolutions of the National Assembly very disturbing. The interfaith organisation has now asked Nigerians to take the President before God and seek solutions to the security challenges. A statement signed by its National Coordinator, Sheikh Mohammed Ibrahim and Co-coordinator, Bishop John Adebayo, advised Nigerians of all faith to take one hour of their time everyday to pray for God’s intervention”. “We found President Muhammad Buhari’s inaction over the sack of the service chiefs and other recommendations on security very disturbing and abnormal, hence, we appeal to Nigerians of all faith to take one hour of their day starting today, Wednesday, December 16,2020 ,to pray for God’s intervention”. “We have become a laughing stock even among smaller nations that used to depend on us as a big brother. “It is the issue of security of life and property which is deteriorating on an hourly basis, and Mr President’s deliberate refusal to act according to the demands of Nigerians. “As people in the active service of God from all faith and denominations, we have cogent reasons to believe that fervent prayers seeking the face of God can restore peace in our dear country,” it said. The interfaith group said it has reasons to believe that there are forces benefitting from the current insecurity in Nigeria. “We believe that Mr President may have been hypnotized by strong forces who are benefiting from the current status quo of insecurity and lack of performance.” “It is our stand that it is not normal for a whole country to be speaking with one voice that the service chiefs should not only be sacked but also that the entire security architecture be rejigged and Mr President would remain adamant and unconcerned,” it said. It added:”This is not the Buhari we know and voted for. We voted Buhari for his uprightness and decisiveness and not the Buhari we are now witnessing some unusual and unacceptable silence over issues of national concerns, as we are seeing today.” The group asked Nigerians to pray for “the health and wellbeing of President Muhammadu Buhari, the immediate restructure of the security architecture of the country and for peace and security in the country. ‘‘Pray for Nigeria to come out of recession, pray for the protection of our frontline troops and the safe return of all the abducted children in GSS Kankara, Katsina State. “As a people of faith, we believe that prayers and hard work can change our situation for good. This is why this has become expedient,” the statement quoted the group as saying.