The Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodinma, has sacked the Vice-Chancellor of Imo State University, Prof. Victoria Adaobi Obasi, and ordered a forensic audit of the higher institution amid allegations of monumental corrupt practices as reported by a panel. The panel recently investigated the university’s activities between 2012-2019. The sack was contained in a press statement issued by the Governor’s Chief Press Secretary, Oguwike Nwachuku and made available to DAILY POST on Friday. The decision to sack Obasi was reached at an Executive Council Meeting chaired by the governor on Wednesday, December 16, according to the statement. Governor Uzodinma said a Committee will be set up to handle all admissions, under the leadership of the Registrar of the University to checkmate the level of admission racketeering in the University Parts of the statement read, “The government has also okayed December 30, 2020, for the Vice-Chancellor of Imo State University, Prof. Victoria Adaobi Obasi, to stop functioning in that capacity. “The Executive Council of Imo State go`vernment gave the approvals on Wednesday, December 16, 2020, insisting that forensic audit of the University’s finances has been necessary if the effort of Governor Hope Uzodimma as the Visitor of Imo State University to reposition the institution must not be a waste. “While considering the White paper report of the Visitation Panel on IMSU that was headed by Prof. Chinedu Nebo, the Exco also approved December 30, 2020 as date for the end of tenure of Prof. Obasi as the Vice-Chancellor of the Imo State University. “The Executive Council meeting which was presided over by Governor Uzodinma equally approved that henceforth, all admissions into Imo State University, should be strictly on merit and that a Committee to handle all admissions will be set up under the leadership of the Registrar of the University. The Council said the idea is to checkmate the level of admission racketeering in the University as reported by the panel”.