Diego Costa has finally spoken since his contract with Atletico Madrid was terminated by mutual consent. Costa said it was the best moment for him and Atletico Madrid to part ways, adding that he has given his best to the La Liga giants. DAILY POST recalls that Atletico Madrid on Tuesday announced they had terminated Costa’s contract after mutual consent ahead of the January transfer window. Reacting in an Instagram post on Wednesday, Costa wrote: “Well people … Athletics … Today, with sadness but at the same time happy, I come to say goodbye to all Atleti fans, to all my people. Sad for not being able to become more part of this family, being in the day to day, but happy to have been part of it, of this great club “, begins the letter published on his social networks, along with several photos of his time at Atlético. “Here, I have lived difficult moments, from which I have always gotten up thanks to the help of doctors, physios and recuperators and my colleagues. And happy moments that are already in my memory and in everyone. But I want to tell you that I am happy to have been able to make history and put my little name in that of this great club. Something that I always wanted but never came to imagine that could happen, “added the Spanish-Brazilian striker, who played 251 games, scored 83 goals and won five Rojiblanco titles. “I want to thank all Atlético, but I think my time has come and that for both the club and me it was the best thing that could happen. I think it is the best time for both. And the best way to help this team and to the club. I have given my best or, at least, I always tried to give my best for this club and for this shirt, “he said. “I want to thank my teammates, the doctors, the physios and recuperators … They have been my family. I also want to thank the coaching staff. And the fans … just THANKS, THANKS AND THANKS. It was always an encouragement. They were always, and always will be, a motivation. THE GREATEST THING HAS THIS CLUB.” Costa rejoined Atletico Madrid for a third spell from Chelsea for £54million during the 2017/18 season.