Chelsea boss, Frank Lampard has insisted that the Blues aren’t yet serious contenders for the Premier League title this season. Lampard believes Chelsea can’t challenge Liverpool and Manchester City for English top-flight league title this term despite finishing in the fourth position last season. He also said that he has been encouraged by the progress he has seen from Chelsea this season. Speaking in an interview with Sky Sports before Chelsea’s 3-1 defeat against Arsenal on Boxing Day, Lampard said: “I am happy, but we always want more as managers. “The reality is at the start of the season, we had some new players while others were missing, and we lacked a pre-season. Looking at our early results, we saw some good and some not-so-good performances. “We want to be challenging for titles, but we’ve to accept sometimes that it is step by step. “We have made some steps, but I feel we have the potential to make a lot more. “If anything, this season has shown that most teams have had difficult moments and a large part of that comes down to preparation. “We’ve to think of the short-term and the games in front of us and not be too reactionary after defeats last week or even wins and our unbeaten run. It is about making continual improvement, and that is important for focus. “It is hard [to set a target]. It is clear I ask them every year to kick on – in my job, that’s what you’ve to do all the time, no matter what your situation. Coming fourth for us was a positive last year considering the circumstances around it, but every year looks different, and every squad improves around us. “We bought players in, and some of them need time, so I do not set long-term targets. We are trying to bridge a gap that was clearly there in the last few seasons to Liverpool and Manchester City in terms of consistency. “We have had our moments of consistency and good form, but we have to work to get even more consistent so we can challenge.” Chelsea’s next Premier League clash is against Aston Villa at Stamford Bridge on Monday night.