The Coalition of Northern Elders for Peace and Development has reiterated the worsening security situation in the region following the abduction of school children in Katsina State. Recall that on Friday, 11th December 2020, unknown gunmen attacked and abducted students of Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, in Katsina State. Reacting to the incident, Northern elders said the recent abduction has further confirmed their position that the region is now at the mercy of terrorists, bandits and other criminal elements. The group in a statement by its National Coordinator, Engr. Zana Goni and National Women Leader, Hajiya Mario Bichi, said the continuous stay in office by the service chiefs had no value as they have exhausted all ideas to tackle security. They added that the continuous stay of the service Chiefs was emboldening the adversaries in their increasing dastardly actions against the country. The elders while condemning the attack on the school children said the abduction coming only a few days after the killings of over 46 rice farmers in Zabarmari Village in Borno State was embarrassing and disturbing. The elders reminded the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government of their earlier call to seek foreign help, stressing that any further delay may lead to the extinction of the region following increasing mass killings of its people by the terrorists. The group enjoined the government to reorganise the entire security architecture, saying that the positions of the two chambers of the National Assembly to this effect must be respected by the President. The group said it is time for President Buhari to bring in fresh hope and clear directions on how best the country will strategize and ensure normalcy. The elders called on authorities to ensure that those responsible for the abduction of the children are brought to book. They reminded the President that in democracy, the voice of the majority prevails, saying the recent resolution of both chambers of the National Assembly that he replaces the services chiefs, was the view of the majority of Nigerians given that the parliament is a representation of the people.