Manchester City locked horns with Manchester United in a blockbuster encounter as the Premier League saw another entertaining encounter at the weekend. However, the match between Chelsea and Everton would be another potential weekend heavyweight contest as both sides clash. Lampard and his side would be optimistic ahead of the game but the home side will aim to return to winning ways after drawing 1-1 with Burnley and losing at home to newly promoted side, Leeds United. With the Everton vs Chelsea duel at hand, we take a look at the key battles ahead of this match. Abdoulaye Doucoure vs Mason mount It is a game of creativity as both sides clash in the midfield region. Goals would be aplenty as expected but the battle between these two players could be the highpoint ahead of this tie. Following Mason Mount’s value to the Chelsea side, he is expected to get the better of Abdoulaye in midfield. The physical form the former Watford player brings to the contest gives him an advantage while he attempts to match Mason Mount’s pace and dynamics on the pitch. Dominic Calvert-Lewin vs Thiago Silva The English forward is in the form of his life with 11 goals in the League at the moment. And against Thiago Silva at 36, he has got enough chance to outwit the Brazilian international. However, it would be a game of youth against experience as both sides clash on the matchday encounter. Dominic will be up against Chelsea’s regulatory personnel in the central defence as Carlo Ancelotti and his counterpart Frank Lampard could hinge their hope on the exploits of these players in the tie. Andres Gomes vs N’golo Kante It promises to look like the renaissance of the EURO 2016 final where Portugal and France clash on the stage. Here the Portuguese star Andres Gomes will do battle with France N’Golo Kante as match contention beckons in the midfield area. Kante would be aiming to outwit his counterparts with his amazing athleticism while the Portuguese international asserts his creativity in the game. It will be a tough challenge between these two established players as they square up against each other on Saturday.