Stakeholders of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Ohaukwu Local Government of Ebonyi State, have warned Governor Dave Umahi against his continued verbal attacks on the person of Senator Sam Egwu. Senator Egwu represents Ebonyi North Senatorial District in the Upper Chamber of Nigeria National Assembly and hailed from Ohaukwu Local Government Area of the state. However, the PDP Stakeholders, in a communiqué after their enlarged meeting on Tuesday and forwarded to DAILY POST on Wednesday night, reminded Umahi that Senator Sam Egwu and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Chief Anyim Pius Anyim made him Governor of Ebonyi state. The party Stakeholders frowned at the Governor’s alleged disrespect for elders in the state, stating that Governor Umahi casting aspersions on Senator Egwu is a clear manifestation of his age long neglect of Ohaukwu people. The stakeholders claimed that the feud between the duo led to the inability of the Ebonyi Governor to execute project in Ohaukwu local Government Area as he did for other communities. They further berated Governor Umahi linking Senator Egwu on alleged plans to use the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB to unleash mayhem to the innocent residents of Ebonyi state. Parts of the communiqué stated, “Having meticulously x-rayed the recent developments in the State especially with respect to the unfounded allegations by Governor David Umahi on notable persons in Ebonyi State and most especially on a very revered and respected personality of His Excellency Senator Dr Sam O. Egwu, we considered it fitting to respond to the Governor in a manner befitting of his infantile and seemingly confusing language and approach. We, therefore, state that: “We state that, much as we know that the Governor’s allegations are unfounded and clearly represents efforts in futility of an utterly confused fellow about to be swallowed in the ditch of his own greed, we also wish to let the public know that if Senators Egwu, Anyim, etc are sponsors of the IPOB, Cult groups and general violence as alleged by the Governor, then governor Umahi who is a renowned beneficiary of all that prior to his defection recently is not just a member of them all, but may even be their captain. “We equally want the general public to compare His Excellency Senator Dr Sam Egwu with Mr Umahi. If Senator Sam Egwu who prior to being a governor is known for his humane nature by all and sundry and whom as a governor developed human beings through free education and by sending many Ebonyians abroad for studies etc there by building human capacity and developing both institutions and individuals is now the sponsor of the IPOB and cultism as alleged, and he is behind any ploy to cause violence in Ebonyi, the state he laboured so much to build, then the world should tell us whom David Umahi whose strategy is to starve Ebonyians to hunger, subject them to inhuman and degrading treatments and to cow them down by all means of threat and bullying is. “As characteristics of us from Ohaukwu, we want to advise Umahi. We want to tell him that we from Ohaukwu have been privileged to occupy the position he is occupying today and for close to two decades before him. We, therefore, have more experience occasioned by longer duration in office than him. We consequently want to advise him that if he continues this way, he might either be heading for the gallows or for the ditch much faster than such has been destined for him. He should therefore thread with more caution or be prepared to end very badly in the light of history.” DAILY POST recalls that a former Senate President and Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Anyim Pius Anyim, had accused Umahi of hatching a plan to assassinate him and other prominent leaders in Ebonyi State. According to him, it all began when he and other political leaders in PDP refused to follow Umahi in his “political adventure” to defect to APC. Recall that Umahi, who is the Chairman of the South East Governors Forum, had recently defected to the All Progressive Congress (APC) from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Umahi’s defection to APC has since plunged Ebonyi State into political crisis amid recriminations, accusations and counter accusations. The Governor had last Friday after the state security council meeting, accused the former Senate President, Senator Sam Egwu and Obinma Ogba, and PDP acting Vice Chairman, South-east, Ali Odefa, of plotting to use members of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, to unleash mayhem in the state.