The Bauchi State Police Command, on Friday, banned the use of fireworks and explosives, otherwise known as knockouts during Yuletide celebrations. The Command also said it is not leaving any stone unturned in ensuring hitch-free celebrations. These were contained in a press release signed by the state Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Ahmed Mohammed Wakil, on behalf of the state Commissioner of Police, CP Lawan Tanko Jimeta and made available to DAILY POST in Bauchi on Friday. The release assured the people of the state that the command was ready to perform its statutory responsibility of protecting lives and property of the people. “In view of the forthcoming Christmas and New Year celebrations coming up on 25/12/2020 and 01/01/2021 respectively, the Bauchi State Police Command, under the leadership of CP Lawan Tanko Jimeta, psc, wishes to assure the good people of the state of its readiness to perform its statutory responsibility of protection of lives and property of innocent citizens during the celebration. “The Command will collaborate with sister security agencies and all critical stakeholders to ensure that, the celebration is peaceful and hitch-free,” Wakil, a Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) stated. He informed that CP Jimeta had ordered the deployment of police personnel to places of worship and venues of events in the state, adding that the personnel had been instructed to be civil but firm in the discharge of their duties. “To this effect, the CP has ordered the deployment of officers and men consisting of conventional police and other tactical teams of the command as well as necessary logistics to all churches and venues of events in the state. “Personnel deployed for this critical assignment are under strict instruction of the Commissioner of Police to be civil but firm in the discharge of their duties.” While declaring the command’s readiness to deal with hoodlums and disgruntled elements who may want to foment troubles during the festive period, the state police image maker stated that the ban on use of fireworks, bangers and other explosives is still in force in the state. “The ban on the use of fireworks, bangers and other explosives during festivities is still in force. As such explosives are capable of causing fire disasters, among other threats. “Furthermore, the command is prepared to deal with hoodlums, political thugs and other disgruntled elements that may attempt to cause breakdown of law and order before, during and after the festive period.” DSP Wakil stated that CP Jimeta sent his warm greetings to Christian faithful and other citizens in the state on the occasions of Christmas and New Year celebrations. The police boss, according to the PPRO, however, enjoined people of the state to cooperate with police and other security agencies in their efforts towards ensuring peaceful celebrations and report any suspicious person or object to the nearest police station or call the Command emergency phone number 08151849417.