Reno Omokri, former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, on Monday, said Tunde Bakare, the overseer of Citadel Global Community Church should not be taken seriously for lying against the Holy Spirit. Omokri disclosed that Bakare lied against the Holy Spirit in a prophecy he issued on ex-President, Olusegun Obasanjo, Ibrahim Badamosi Babangida, IBB, and Atiku Abubakar. He made the remark in response to Bakare’s attack on Yoruba leaders not comfortable with Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, running for president. The clergyman had said God does not need anyone’s permission to put Tinubu in the hall of fame. He stated that Southwest leaders who have issues with the former Lagos State governor’s rise should “carry their stone.” Reacting, the former presidential aide described Bakare as an unstable individual who should be ignored. The former presidential aide, in a lengthy article said the clergy man was part of those responsible for the stereotype that Yorubas are backstabbers. He, however, noted that the stereotype against the Yoruba race was false, stressing that they are loyal people. The article sent to DAILY POST reads partly: “Tunde Bakare is one of those who feed the false stereotype that the Yoruba are unreliable backstabbers. That stereotype is not true because some of the most reliable Nigerians have been Yoruba, including Obasanjo himself (a man who, unlike what Bakare said, has achieved more in life than Tinubu can ever dream of achieving), who returned from Copenhagen to clear his name of coup plotting charges levelled against him by Abacha, Tunde Idiagbon, who returned from Mecca after he and Buhari were overthrown by Babangida, and Adekunle Fajuyi, who chose death, rather than abandon and betray Aguiyi-Ironsi. “I ceased taking Pastor Tunde Bakare seriously ever since he lied against the Holy Ghost by prophesying (wrongly) that “Let me tell you the truth by the spirit of God, neither OBJ, Atiku, IBB and this tall one, Buhari are part of the new. They are part of the old that is decaying. That old one is passing away. The new is emerging and these ones are not part of that new.”