The Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, has disclosed how the Founder and President of LoveWorld Incorporated, also known as Christ Embassy, Pastor Chris Oyakhilome, told him that he would be imprisoned for about after six months. Recall that Senator Kalu was sentenced to 12 years imprisonment in December 2019 on corruption charges but was released from Kuje Correctional Centre, Abuja in June 2020. His release was following the judgement of the Federal High Court in Lagos in line with the Supreme Court judgment nullifying his trial and conviction. The Supreme Court had, in May, ruled that the trial and judgment. Kalu, speaking during Sunday Thanksgiving service at Christ Embassy headquarters in Lagos, said Pastor Chris Oyakhilome told him in October 2019 that no amount of intervention from world leaders would prevent him from going to prison. He said: “I was traveling to Abuja and Pastor (Chris) asked me to drop by for dinner. We have been friends for more than 28 years, but when I was about leaving, we prayed together, and he told me what I didn’t know how to digest. “He said I should prepare myself because I was going to be in prison for six months. He told me it is something I cannot stop, and no amount of intervention from world leaders can stop it. He added that Pastor Chris told him to be closer to God because it’s a phase God wanted him to pass through. “Today, I am very grateful for that experience. Then, I wished the cup could pass by but today I am glad and extremely happy very to God for everything. According to him, that was not the first time Pastor Chris would prophesy to him but he has always disagreed with him because he doesn’t believe in prophecies. Kalu also revealed that the Pastor prophesied that President Buhari will become President in 2015 and it came to pass. “In 2011, he told me I should not contest for the Senate election because my mandate would be stolen and won’t be recovered. I disobeyed him and it went as he said. “In 2014, he also told me Muhammadu Buhari would win the 2015 election. So I am here to thank God and to thank the Pastor for being the instrument God uses to speak to me,” the former governor added.