Female civil servants in Oyo State have cried out over the denial of the six months maternity leave approved by Governor Seyi Makinde of the state. DAILY POST gathered that Makinde had on November 4th approved the extension of maternity leave from four to six months for state government employees. Commissioner for Establishment and Training, Professor Daud Shangodoyin who revealed the Governor’s decision said an upward review of maternity leave period for pregnant women and nursing mothers in the employment of the state from four months to six months had been approved. He said, “The adoption of WHO recommendation on this matter on exclusive breast-feeding of a child. An upward review of maternity leave period for pregnant and nursing mothers in the employment of the state from four to six months, weekends inclusive, with full payment of salaries and other benefits.” But, female civil servants employed under the Oyo State government say they are being denied the right to enjoy the benefit. Some of those who applied for the leave told DAILY POST at the weekend that the government only approved the leave on the pages of newspapers. They urged Governor Makinde to intervene and allow them enjoy the six months maternity leave. A nursing mother who applied in December told DAILY POST at the weekend that the officers in charge granted her only 84 days as against 180 days approved by the Governor. She said, “On the 4th of November 2020, the Oyo State government approved the extension of maternity leave to 6 months (180 days). However, in December, I applied for maternity leave but the education secretary through “Local Government Universal Basic Education Authority” granted 84 days as maternity leave. This is against what the Governor approved. I still want to enjoy the six months leave. I want the Governor to intervene.” Another civil servant said, “When we asked the officer in charge at LGUBEA, he said the state government has only approved the extension on the pages of newspapers but circular has not been issued to that effect. They did not approve six months for me.” Another woman said, “They told me that they cannot extend it to six months. And so the extension of the leave could not be granted. They only granted the 84 days as against the 6 months.” Chairman of the state Universal Basic Educational Board (SUBEB) Dr. Nureni Adeniran when contacted confirmed the delay. He urged the workers to be patient. Adeniran in a statement made available to DAILY POST said, “Our teachers should please exercise more patience. Governor Seyi Makinde in his magnanimity has approved six months leave for civil servants. “We know quite well, that in civil service, things are not done by ‘fiat’. There have to be some processes that would make it binding law. All relevant agencies are working on this.”