The House of Representatives has reacted to demands for the impeachment of President Muhammadu Buhari. Kingsley Chinda, the member representing Obio/Akpor Constituency of Rivers State joined the calls on Sunday. In a statement titled ‘Nigeria saddled with the circus’, Chinda called on constituents to compel their representatives to commence the impeachment process against Buhari. In a rejoinder on Monday, Reps spokesman, Benjamin Kalu, said his opinion has been misinterpreted as the voice of the entire Green Chamber. Kalu said his colleague’s stance does not represent the weakest opinion of the minority-caucus of the 9th House. “Even among the minority caucus, Hon Kingsley Chinda lost the opportunity to speak for the entire minority when he lost the minority leadership election to Hon Ndudi Elumelu the minority leader of the 9th Assembly, a wound that has refused to heal.” He noted that the motive behind the release and the timing leaves a bitter taste in the mouth of most progressives who were instructed by their constituents to request for an interaction with Buhari. Kalu said if the call came post-President’s visit to the National Assembly, it would appear logical. “Unfortunately, this call is not only illogical, it appears as a tool mischievously thrown up to disrupt the agenda of the coming visit with all it sets out to achieve in the spirit of nation building which remains the mantra of the 9th Assembly and is considered a joint task. “In the view of the 9th Assembly, it would remain a call made wrongfully to distract the members whose minds are set on the visit and the expected achievements. “It is surprising, that Hon Kingsley Chinda, was among those who insisted on the invitation of the president, probably expecting a gross disregard from the president who surprisingly broke the jinx and kindly obliged our request. “Is it not obvious that apparently shocked by the acceptance of Mr. President, he is on a new lonely voyage of personal agenda strange to the legislative agenda of the House and leadership? “Where was his constitutional impeachment voice when his previous presidents of PDP extractions were invited but ignored the House? One wonders why he is just remembering his constitution now that a president is coming to accept our inputs to the solutions he is seeking.” Kalu told Nigerians to be patient and wait for the outcome of Reps’ meeting with Buhari before being “misled by a lone voice on a frolic of his own”.