There is confusion among members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State as two factions disagree over the states Caretaker Committee Chairman, DAILY POST reports. It will be recalled that the defunct Adams Oshiomhole-led National Working Committee of the APC dissolved the Derin Adebiyi-led Ogun executive before the 2019 election for alleged anti-party activities. Oshiomhole’s decision was as a result of the disagreement between him and the then Governor Ibikunle Amosun, over the state governorship primary election. In place of the duly elected Ogun APC executive, the former National Chairman appointed a three-man caretaker committee led by Yemi Sanusi. But, the Adebiyi-led executive members pressed charges against Oshiomhole, asking the court to declare their dissolution null and void. DAILY POST learned that the case was, however, withdrawn from court following the directive of the National Executive Committee (NEC) at a meeting presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari in June. On Tuesday, the Mai Mala Buni-led APC national caretaker committee dissolved all the organs of the party at all levels. On Friday, DAILY POST gathered that the national leadership of the party inaugurated the dissolved state party chairmen as caretaker committee chairmen in their respective states. In Ogun State, the social media was agog when loyalists of Governor Dapo Abiodun claimed that Sanusi had been inaugurated as the chairman of the APC caretaker committee. Appointees of Gov Abiodun and other followers shared pictures of Sanusi as they congratulated him over the acclaimed inauguration. The Senior Special Assistant to Gov Abiodun on New Media, Emmanuel Ojo, said: “Congratulations to Chief Yemi Sanusi, the newly inaugurated Caretaker Chairman of the All Progressives Congress ( APC), Ogun State. He’d continue to paddle the affairs of the party for the next six months.” But, some loyalists of former Gov Amosun reacted, saying no caretaker chairman has been inaugurated for Ogun State. They said Sanusi only took pictures outside the APC national secretariat, challenging those congratulating him to post pictures of him being sworn in with other state chairmen. Amosun loyalists claimed that no decision has been taken about Ogun because of the crisis rocking the party in the state. In his reaction, Azeez Adelani, the media aide to Hon. Adekunle Akinlade, the closest rival to Gov Abiodun in the 2019 governorship election, described the social media buzz by those congratulating Sanusi as unnecessary. In a statement he titled, “He That Holds The Sharp End Of The Knife Has Limited Joy”, Adelani said: “The social media buzz that greeted the purported inauguration of the factional three-man caretaker committee was understandable but unnecessary because the legally elected 26-man state exco led by Chief Derin Adebiyi was unceremoniously and illegally replaced by the infamous three-man caretaker committee on the 18th of December, 2018. “Two years down the line, Chief Derin Adebiyi has maintained a dignified
and courageous posture while directing the affairs of the majority of Ogun State APC members. “It is in this vein that I call on all party faithful across the state to remain calm as we await further directive from our leader, Sen. Ibikunle Amosun fca, CON. “Dear party faithful, if there is any lesson we have learnt, it is the fact that he that holds the sharp end of the knife has limited joy. “Therefore, we must uphold our loyalty to the national leadership of our great party (APC) as presently constituted as well as to the President and Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces, President Muhammadu Buhari GCFR,” he said in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday.