The National Chairman of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, on Wednesday, decried the current state of insecurity in the country and called on the Federal Government to declare a state of emergency in the security sector. Secondus stated this in Bauchi while fielding questions from journalists shortly after the flagging off of four major urban roads in the Bauchi State capital. According to the PDP chairman, Nigeria is right now in distress and pain consequent upon the spate of insecurity in the country, calling on President Muhammad Buhari to immediately change the country’s security architecture. “The president should declare a state of emergency on security as quickly as possible and change the whole security architecture,” Secondus stated. While recalling the recent killings of rice farmers at Zarbamari and abduction of schoolchildren in Katsina State, Secondus declared that every facet of life in Nigeria has collapsed, adding that these point to the fact that Nigeria is distressed. “You are aware that over 300 boys were kidnapped in a secondary school in Katsina State. You are also aware just a week ago, that over 40 to 100 farmers were killed in Borno State. “Is Nigeria not in distress? We are in pain: the economy is bad, security is bad, virtually every facet of Nigeria life has collapsed,” the PDP boss declared. He further told Buhari to secure the release of the Katsina schoolchildren, declaring that lives and property of the people should be guaranteed by the government. “You better let the world know and those in authority that all we are saying is that let President Buhari release the kidnapped Katsina boys for us because we are in pain. “It is important we guarantee the security of lives and property for our people because without that there will be no development,” he said. Secondus declared that the All Progressives Congress (APC) administration, which had promised to provide security for the citizens, has failed, adding that as of today, the situation in the country has grown worse than any time in the country’s history. Meanwhile, Secondus heaped praises on Bauchi State governor, Senator Bala Mohammed, for transforming the state since he assumed office. He submitted that upon completion of the road projects flagged off today, particularly the dualization of the airport road, the state would become a centre for excellence for industry and commercial activities