Gabriel Sterling, a Georgia election official, has stated that President Donald Trump will be held accountable for any violence relating to the United States election. Sterling is the state’s Voting Systems Implementation Manager. At a news conference in Atlanta on Tuesday, he condemned the President’s claim that widespread irregularities were perpetrated during the November 3 poll which Joe Biden won. Sterling warned that the American leader’s attitude will get someone “killed”. The Republican said a 20-year-old contractor in Gwinnett County for Dominion Voting Systems and his family had received death threats. Sterling disclosed that he himself has a police guard outside his home. He added that the wife of Georgia’s Secretary of State, Brad Raffensperger, was “getting sexualised threats through her cell phone”. “Mr President, you have not condemned these actions or this language. Senators, you have not condemned these actions or this language. We need you to step up and if you’re going to take a position of leadership, show some! “Death threats, physical threats, intimidation, it’s too much, it’s not right, they’ve lost the moral high ground to claim that it is. You have the right to go to the courts. “What you don’t have the ability to do, and you need to step up and say this, is stop inspiring people to commit potential acts of violence. Someone’s going to get hurt, someone’s going to get shot, someone’s going to get killed, and it’s not right. “Be the bigger man here, and stop, step in, tell your supporters, don’t be violent, don’t intimidate. All that’s wrong, it’s un-American. It’s all gone too far! All of it! It has to stop!”, Sterling fumed. Tim Murtaugh, Trump campaign spokesman, said the President’s camp wants to ensure all legal votes are counted and all illegal votes are not. “No-one should engage in threats or violence, and if that has happened, we condemn that fully”, Murtaugh said. Georgia is conducting a second recount of votes due to Trump campaign’s request. Biden, a former Vice President, was declared winner of the first count. Aside Georgia, Trump is challenging the results in Arizona, Michigan, Nevada and Pennsylvania.