The Governor of Ekiti State, Kayode Fayemi, has commiserated with his Ondo State counterpart, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu (SAN), and the people of the state on the passing of the state’s Commissioner for Regional Integration and Special Duties, Prof Bayonile Ademodi. Ademodi, a Professor of Chemical Engineering, died last Saturday, aged 68 years. Governor Fayemi in a condolence message signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Yinka Oyebode, described the late Prof Ademodi as a highly cerebral scholar, diligent public servant and a seasoned administrator who undertook every assignment with diligence and a high level of integrity. He credited the late Commissioner for the central role he played in the establishment of the Dawn Commission where he demonstrated his organisational skills and a deep understanding of how a region could aggregate its areas of comparative advantage to advance socio-economic development. Fayemi noted that the late professor, as a dependable ally of Governor Akeredolu, worked assiduously with others to actualise the Governor’s victory in the 2016 APC primaries in Ondo State and in the eventual election and had remained one of the outstanding figures in the administration until he breathed his last. The Governor recalled his personal relationship with the late Prof Ademodi, when he served as a member of the Governing Council of the College of Education, Ikere during his first term in office and as a colleague in the Yoruba Academy and Afenifere Renewal Group. He said the late Commissioner was not only a man of honour, but a man of action who had a great knack for delivering set goals with precision. “Prof Ademodi’s death is not only a loss to the Government and the good people of Ondo State, it is a personal loss to me. We shall miss his amiable personality, dedication to duty and great insight to development issues. “On behalf of the government and good people of Ekiti State, I commiserate with my brother Governor, Akeredolu, the immediate family of the late Prof Ademodi and the good people of Ondo State on this irreparable loss. Our prayer is that God will grant the family the fortitude to bear the loss,” he said.