Some armed men believed to be kidnappers on Tuesday evening raided Pmagbe Layout in Ushafa, Abuja, abducting 3 persons. The community located around Usuma Dam was thrown into panic when the armed men numbering over 10 stormed the community around 6.30pm, shooting sporadically in what appeared like a total raid. Usuma Dam supplies water to FCT residents. An Eyewitness told DAILY POST that the Dam gate has recently become notorious for criminal activities following a high level of movements by cultists and other criminal elements around the dam, deep inside the forest and the adjoining mountains. The witness who does not want his name in print said just recently, a car was snatched from its owner in front of the dam gate. Narrating further on how the kidnappers successfully abducted their victims, the eyewitness said the gunmen spent about 3 hours inside the dam, strategizing on how to invade the community. “The fishermen and other people inside the dam were held down at gunpoint until the time for their operation. I was one of those held down. “It was after they left the dam that they fired shots sporadically while storming one of the victims’ house. They took him and walked him down the dam gate, after which they stopped an oncoming Toyota Camry and abducted a woman and her nephew. They took them through a rocky path around the dam. DAILY POST gathered that the DPO, Bwari Police Division, CSP Biodun Makanjuola, upon receiving a distressed call, mobilized his men to the scene of the crime but the kidnappers had left before the police got to the scene. A search party was immediately conducted around the area, but the victims and the abductors could not be traced. Speaking with DAILY POST, Biodun said police had swung into action in an effort to secure the release of the abductors. He said his men were on top of the situation and had commenced ‘combing’ of the area. DAILY POST could not confirm as at press time if the kidnappers had demanded for any ransom. Our correspondent gathered that an institute belonging to the Department of State Services, DSS, shares boundaries with the affected Pmagbe community a well as SCC construction company. DAILY POST identified the victims as one Mr Benedict Ojieh, Mrs Eno Inabong and her 7-year-old son. At the moment, there is tension in Ushafa community over the current development.