The Akwa Ibom State Government has said the January 4, 2021 resumption date for schools in the state is sacrosanct in order to complete the first term after the short Christmas break. This came even as the spread of COVID-19 infection is increasing. The Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Ini Ememobong in a Statement issued to journalists on Thursday after the State Executive meeting yesterday in Uyo explained that the resumption date of January 4, 2021 was to avoid a disruption in the academic calendar as the first term was due to end on January 23, 2021. He further explained that the government has directed the Commissioner of Education to ensure that all schools adhere to the COVID-19 preventive guidelines adding that water facilities would be provided for schools which have a student population of above 1,000. He said the construction of fences around all schools in Uyo metropolis would immediately commence to help protect infrastructure in such schools. The statement in parts, “Council decided that in view of the existing resumption plan, the resumption date for schools will remain 4th January, 2021 in order not to disrupt the academic calendar. “The Council directed the Commissioner for Education to ensure that all COVID-19 preventive guidelines are adhered to by all the schools. “Council also received a report from the ad hoc committee on Schools resumption, headed by Honourable Commissioner, Youths and Sports and directed that the construction of fences be immediately commenced in all schools in Uyo metropolis, to help with security of infrastructure in schools.” The government also directed the Commissioners of Health, and Information and Strategy to design a robust Risk Communication and Community Engagement strategy that would keep citizens informed of the damaging effects of the COVID-19 and the preventive measures. The government further approved that a memorandum on the creation of a legal framework for the Ibom Industrial City be forwarded to the Akwa Ibom State House of Assembly. The Ministry of Housing was also directed to facilitate the commencement of construction of a mass housing estate in partnership with the Central Bank of Nigeria and Family Homes Funds limited.