The European competition takes centre stage with mouth-watering games across the corner. The likes of Bayern, Shakhtar Donetsk will be in action. While Manchester City would be involved in European (match) proceedings along with Portuguese giants FC Porto. With these massive games taking centre stage on Tuesday, it promises to be an exciting time for the viewers around the world. DAILY POST takes a look at three matches to look forward to. Athletico Madrid vs. Bayern Munich The Bavarian giants would be up against the Spanish side as battle returns in the UEFA Champions League stage. It would be fascinating to see how these two sides fare on the pitch on Tuesday. While we are reminded that Bayern won 4-0 in the first leg tie despite the presence of star forward Luis Suarez in the Athletico mix. He may be available for this tie despite some issues he is having at the moment. But having defeated Barcelona some days ago thanks to Yannick Carrasco solitary goal, they would hope to earn a point in this game. Liverpool vs. Ajax Amsterdam The Ziyech less Ajax Amsterdam would face the Reds side who are in need of a result to get up to speed once again in the season. The Reds have been shaky in recent weeks losing 0-2 to surprise package Atalanta before they were held to a 1-1 draw at Brighton. Some of this result would have eroded some form of complacency from the Liverpool side while they aim for the win to seal a possible knock out place in the Round of 16. But Ajax on their own have got some pedigree to portray and are not a pushover owing to the lethal attacking options they have got for themselves upfront. Shakhtar Donetsk vs. Real Madrid The Real Madrid sides have been struggling in recent times and they were only able to beat struggling Italian giants Inter Milan in the group stages. Real’s Zidane must find a means to get a result here as Borussia Monchengladbach may beat Inter Milan yet again. Zidane’s side would reach their highest low if they are kicked out of this competition from the group stage. That makes it interesting as we look forward to how they plan for this match with their sides approach in the early minutes of this game.