The Governor of Abia State, Okezie Ikpeazu, has commended the Abia State Independent Electoral Commission (ABSIEC) for what he described as “peaceful conduct of the Local Government Elections” in the state. Governor Ikpeazu, who gave the commendation after casting his ballot for the local government polls, alongside his wife, Deaconess Nkechi Ikpeazu, at their polling unit in Ward 7 Unit 002 Umuobiakwa in Obingwa Local Government area, scored the state electoral umpire high for superintending over a peaceful election. He said, “All the materials are here. The conduct around the polling unit is orderly. If this is replicated in other polling units the way it is here, I will score ABSIEC 90 per cent”. While identifying stable polity and peace as recipes for economic growth and development, Governor Ikpeazu called for all hands to be on deck in order to move the state forward. The Governor noted that his administration has since inception conducted two local government elections with a view to engaging the youths to participate fully in the governance of the state especially at the grassroots level. He added that he expects the popular candidate to win in today’s election as well as massive infrastructural development and social mobilization at the rural level on account of the local government polls. His words, “To conduct local government elections two times is unprecedented, no leader has done that. Our conviction is that we must put all hands on deck to engage the youths more. “We must continue to run an inclusive government so that the younger ones can participate at the grassroots level. “I expect to see infrastructure, massive social mobilization on account of this election. This is the time for all of us to hold our hands together and see what we can do for ourselves”. DAILY POST reports that the Abia State Independent Electoral Commission ABSIEC, on Friday, conducted Chairmanship and Councillorship election across the Seventeen local Government Areas of the State. The LGA poll was peaceful across the state with security agents on ground to forestall any breakdown of law and order.