Leaders of All Progressives Congress (APC) and African Democratic Congress (ADC) on Saturday met in the Adamawa State capital, Yola, to perfect plans for a victory in 2023, against the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The strength of ADC in Adamawa State became the weakness of APC during the 2019 general elections, after the party, which was a breakaway faction of the APC, polled votes that would have been more than enough to secure a victory for the APC against the eventual winner, the PDP. The ADC, which had Sen Abdulazeez Nyako as its governorship candidate in the 2019 election after he stormed out of the APC in anger to vie for the governorship seat under ADC, led the party on Saturday to a merger meeting with national leaders of the APC towards a reconciliation that would have the ADC collapsing its structures into the APC in the state. Speaking at the meeting between the two parties at the state capital in Yola, Prof. Tahir Mamman, Chairman North East Caretaker/Extraordinary National Convention Planning Committee of the APC, said their mandate was to tackle all the grievances that made Abdulazeez leave the APC towards the 2019 election. Stressing that now is the time to join hands to take over the Adamawa governorship position from the PDP, Tahir Maman said, “You all know that we were together in Power in 2015, but after that, we broke up, which resulted to our failure during the 2019 general election. If we merge now, definitely we will succeed come 2023.” The State Chairman of APC, Alhaji Ibrahim Bilal, said, it was time for everyone to forgive each other. “We all know who we are. We should forgive one another and work together towards success come 2023.” The ADC state chairman, Alhaji Yahaya Hammanjulde, thanked the APC for understanding the previous mistake and pledging to redress it if the merger plan succeeds. Sen Abdulazeez Nyako who also spoke commended the commitment of all stakeholders which led to the dialogue between the two parties and appealed to party supporters to pray for the best.