The 2nd Batch of 485 Special Police Constabulary have passed out from the Police Training School in Odukpani Local Government Area of Cross River State. The graduates (recruits) from Akwa Ibom State were officially pronounced Special Constabulary (Community Police Officers) by the Assistant Inspector-General of Police, Zone 6 Headquarters, Calabar AIG Zaki M. Ahmed on Tuesday. In a press release issued on Tuesday, signed by the Zonal Police Public Relations officer, Zone 6 Headquarters, Calabar, DSP. Nelson A. Okpabi and made available to DAILY POST, he congratulated the recruits. “The Assistant Inspector-General of Police, AIG Zaki M. Ahmed today represented the Inspector-General of Police IGP Mohammed A. Adamu, NPM, mni at the passing out Parade of Batch 2/2020 Special Constabulary at the Police Training School, Odukpani, Cross River state. “The AIG in his speech congratulated the recruits for their perseverance during the modicum training in Community Policing, Professional Studies and Legal/Liberal Studies amongst others,” he wrote. DSP Okpabi said that the programme was a brain child of the Inspector-General of Police initiated as one of the strategies of the Nigeria Police designed to employ an all-inclusive mechanism to aid the police in the quest to achieve its internal security mandate in the country. “Furthermore, the force took into consideration the increasing complexity of crime and the challenges of policing a vast and diverse country like ours and introduced the people oriented method that will bring about trust, consent and partnership between the police and the people. “The AIG highlighted their duties to include: Crime prevention and detection, Conflict Resolution, Intelligence Gathering, Law and Order maintenance, complementing the conventional police in patrol of the public space within their communities, advising the public on safety measures, security tips, dealing with minor offences/social vices, working with communities, schools, young people, businesses, religious/cultural groups, recreational centres and hospitality outfits as well as assisting in traffic management etc,” he stated. DAILY POST learnt that the newly recruited officers would be deployed to their villages/towns and LGA’s and they will definitely free-up the human and material assets of the Nigeria Police currently tied down to the management of low level crimes and redirect such assets and Operations to high-profile crimes that constitute major threat to community safety and security.