Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Centre For Disease Control (NCDC) on Wednesday confirmed that eleven patients died as a result of COVID-19 related complications in the last 24 hours. NCDC disclosed this via its Twitter account, adding that 1,016 new infections of the virus were also recorded in the country. 2. Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, Wednesday, observed that the Christmas Day message by Bishop Catholic Diocese of Sokoto, Matthew Hassan Kukah, gave a true reflection of the current situation in the country. Ortom, therefore, enjoined President Muhammadu Buhari to listen to words of wisdom and disregard sycophants who might tell him that all is well with the country. 3. Two members of the Ogun State House of Assembly have joined youths in the State in a protest against alleged incessant killings by the Nigerian Customs Service. Armed with placards, the youths under the aegis of the National Youth Council of Nigeria stormed the office of the Governor in Okemosan, Abeokuta, to register their displeasure over the ugly development. 4. The recent emergence of COVID-19 new variants has called for concern in Africa. It alerted countries to boost genomic surveillance and conduct analysis through the African genome sequencing laboratory network to detect any new mutations and strengthen efforts to curb the pandemic. 5. The All Progressives Congress (APC), on Wednesday, presented to the Federal High Court, Abuja, two more documents to prove its allegation of certificate forgery against Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki. They are University of Ibadan degree certificates, belonging to Professor Emmanuel Dele Balogun, and a report by a forensic document examiner, Assistant Superintendent of Police, (ASP), Raphael Onwuzuligbo. 6. Kaduna State Police Command has apprehended individuals behind a planned sex party scheduled to hold on December 27, 2020, starting from 8 pm, at a secret location. Police Public Relations Officer, ASP, Muhammad Jalige, confirmed that the venue was traced and arrests made. 7. 15 suspected robbers and cultists have been arrested by the Lagos state police command at strategic locations in the Ikorodu and Lekki/Ajah areas of the state, IgbereTV reports. Lagos police spokesperson, Olumuyiwa Adejobi in a statement released on Tuesday December 29 gave the names of some of the arrested suspected cultists as Segun Ariyo, Kazeem Akinpelu, Ibrahim Oni, Tobi Awoyefa, Yusuf Okunlowo, Oyesanya Damola, Bola Hassan, Toheeb Adesina, Hassan Ashiru, Onafowokan Michael, Folahan Adeola, Damilola Adeola, and Julius Ihara. 8. Osun State Government has reversed its ban on churches from holding cross-over services on December 31. Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation Funke Egbemode in a release on Tuesday, said the government’s sensitivity to the mood of the season has necessitated a review of its earlier position. 9. Unknown gunmen have killed a middle aged woman identified as Mrs Funmi Folorunso in Akure, the Ondo state capital. The mother of one was shot dead inside her car as she approached her residence at Oda Road, in the Kajola area of Akure around 10pm on Monday, December 28. 10. The Federal Government has suspended the passports of 100 in-bound airline passengers who failed to take the second test of COVID-19 after arriving in the country. Mr. Boss Mustapha, Chairman, Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, disclosed this at the Presidential Taskforce National Briefing on Tuesday, in Abuja.