Manchester City would be looking to stretch their overall dominance in the Carabao Cup competition as they make the trip to face Arsenal. It would be a quarter-final match between the two EPL giants as the Emirates Stadium bubbles with a couple of characters on the occasion. The defending champions have won the trophy in each of the last three seasons and five times within 7 years. And another success in this competition would see them equal Liverpool’s record as the most successful side in the EFL Cup. Pep Guardiola would be in a positive mood as he gears up to face Mikel Arteta in this match. While Arsenal is in form on the domestic scene since they are unable to record a win in their last seven outings in the Premier League. Here, DAILY POST evaluates how the Eastland could line-up against Arsenal. Absent; Eric Garcia (muscle) Possible; Aymeric Laporte (unknown), Gabriel Jesus (teeth). Guardiola is expected to make personnel changes to his side on Tuesday due to the log of matches line-up in the festive period in the League. But he should be able to fathom a strong side at least for this one. Record goalscorer Sergio Aguero could make a return to the starting line-up as he looks to up his match fitness after an injury-prone season till now. Some of the players who missed out against Southampton on Saturday like Phil Foden, Riyad Mahrez, Nathan Ake, Fernandinho and Benjamin Mendy – could return to freshen things up in the side. Some questions have been made concerning John Stones’ ability to feature in many games in quick succession at the moment. And it could see him given a break since he’s played less games than Ruben Dias this term, but the former Barcelona boss could fancy the chance to rest his centre back pair otherwise. Raheem Sterling and star man Kevin De Bruyne could be some of the key names missing for this match, though the former has scored on his last two outings at the Emirates Stadium. Zack Steffen featured in the last round against Burnley keeping a clean sheet, and he could get a rare start against Arsenal in place of Brazil goalkeeper Ederson. Eric Garcia is the only certain players to be absent for the Citizens while Aymeric Laporte and striker Gabriel Jesus are expected both to sit out from this game. Jesus has an issue in his teeth. Manchester City’s predicted line-up against Arsenal in a 4-2-3-1 Formation Fluid. Zack Steffen; Joao Cancelo, John Stones, Nathan Ake, Benjamin Mendy; Fernandinho, Ikay Gundogan; Riyad Mahrez, Phil Foden, Ferran Torres; Sergio ‘Kun’ Aguero.