Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Speaker of the Niger State House of Assembly, Barrister Bawa Wuse and the Clerk of the House Mohammed Kagara have gone into self-isolation after testing positive for coronavirus. The lawmakers and principal staff, it was learnt, have gone into quarantine as the second wave of the pandemic hits the State. 2. The organized labour in Imo State has ordered the commencement of eight-day warning strike in the State. The warning strike which begins today, Monday, December 21, 2020, according to a press release signed by the Labour’s state Chairman and the Secretary, Austin Chilakpo and Ken Onwuemeodo, respectively, was to press home their demand on the issue of accumulated salary arrears, staggered payment and underpayment of salaries and pensions. 3. The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has said President Muhammadu Buhari’s government was responsible for terrorist in Nigeria. HURIWA, a frontline Rights group, alleged that Buhari’s attempt to appease terrorism was responsible for the upsurge in the fortune of terrorism in the North. 4. The Kaduna State Government, on Sunday, directed all workers below Grade Level 14 to work from home as from Monday, December 21 to prevent the spread of COVID-19 as the state prepares for a second wave of the pandemic. A statement by Mr Muyiwa Adekeye, Special Adviser on Media and Communication to Governor Nasir El-Rufai in Kaduna on Sunday, noted that the workers could be summoned to the office by their supervisors who may require their presence in the office. 5. Three persons, including the leader of a vigilante group, Mallam Isyaku Alhassan, of Madaka, Rafi Local Government Area of Niger State have been allegedly killed by bandits today (Sunday) in the area. The other victims included the son of the leader of the vigilante, Abdulhamid Isyaku and one other person whose name is could not be ascertained at the moment. 6. A Nigerian doctor, Benjamin Okigbo on Friday, murdered his wife Theresa Okigbo before killing himself at their Greatwood home. Chief Eric Robins, Sugar Land Police Department, who Texas confirmed the incident on Sunday, said the couple were found around 10:05 am at the Greatwood Subdivision in the 1500 block of Brookstone Lane in what seemed like an apparent murder-suicide. 7. The interim Chairman, Alliance on Surviving COVID-19 and Beyond, Mr Femi Falana ( SAN ), says over 70 corpses of persons killed in Lagos during the #EndSARS protests are yet to be claimed. Falana said so far, only about 20 families had come forward to claim bodies, adding that many people did not know that their relatives had been killed, while some others might have left the “ matter to God.” 8. A Police sergeant in Rivers State has killed a staff of Onne-based Intels over demand for ‘bail money’, despite police authorities saying ‘bail is free’. The trigger-happy cop was said to be attached to Elelewon Police Divisional headquarters at Obio-Akpor LGA of Rivers State. 9. Following the recent comment made by the Governor of Ebonyi State, Dave Umahi, on behalf of his South-East counterparts, distancing themselves from the recently launched security outfit of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and claiming that the outfit is non-existent, the group has maintained that nobody can stop it from functioning. In a statement by the media and publicity secretary of the group, Emma Powerful, it described the comment as a ‘shameful display of their irredeemable enslavement and loyalty to their caliphate slavemasters who in the first place appointed them Governors.’ 10. The Director General of the National Institute for Strategic Studies (NIPSS) Kuru Jos, Prof. Habu Galadima, is dead. The Secretary and Director of Administration of the Institute Retired Brig.-Gen. C.F.J Udaya, announced the development in a statement on Sunday in Jos.