Manchester United will play Leipzig RP on Tuesday, being aware that a point would see them secure their place in the Knockout Round of the Europe Elite Competition. Paris Saint-Germain joined United and German side, RB Leipzig, on 9 points in Group H and all of them are battling for a place in the knockout round of Europe’s leading competition. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men who lost 1-3 at home to PSG last time out, came into the match with an impressive 1-3 win over David Moyes’s West Ham United. Here, DAILY POST takes a look at how the Red Devils could line-up in Germany. Absent; Fred (suspended), Phil Jones (knee) Possible; Luke Shaw (hamstring), Anthony Martial (muscle), David de Gea (knee), Edinson Cavani (muscle). United boss could opt to pick a back three on Tuesday Night after recording plenty of success with a 3-4-1-2 formation, including their 1-2 away to PSG in the competition earlier this season. Axel Tuanzebe is in contention for a place in United Starting XI while Alex Telles should get the chance at left-back as Luke Shaw is still out, injured with a hamstring injury. The Red Devils will make do without the services of Fred who was sent off in the defeat to PSG last week and this could see Paul Pogba come into the side after scoring a magnificent long-range goal against West Ham. He could partner Scott Mc Tominay at the base of the midfield. Both Anthony Martial and Edinson Cavani limped off against West Ham at the weekend. This means that English stars Marcus Rashford and Mason Greenwood could start alongside each other as a possible front two. Cavani seems to have a higher chance of making the United squad more than French star Martial, although it wouldn’t be a shock to have him back on the bench even if he’s fit. Bruno Fernandes was given a 45 minutes rest on Saturday’s Premier League clash but he is expected to be back in the Starting XI. And the Portuguese star would aim to put up an impressive showing which is widely key to his side’s progress to the next round. David De Gea should come in to replace Dean Henderson in goals, having missed the trip to West Ham United owing to a sore knee. Here is a likely line up: David De Gea; Victor Lindelof, Harry Maguire, Axel Tuanzebe, Aaron Wan-Bissaka; Scott Mc Tominay, Paul Pogba, Alex Telles; Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood, Marcus Rashford.