Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has appealed to the Federal Government not to muzzle patriotic Nigerians who are raising genuine concerns over the worsening security situation in the country. Ortom described as unfair and repressive, Federal Government’s reaction to the message of the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Most Reverend Dr. Matthew Hassan Kukah whom the government accused of stirring hatred against Mr President and calling for a coup. According to him, Bishop Kukah is a selfless Nigerian who only seeks to unite the nation and speaks his mind frankly on national issues. The Governor said that instead of politicizing the views of the Bishop and castigating him, the Federal Government should take a second look at the things he raised in the Christmas Day message. He stressed that Nigeria is practicing democracy which guarantees the freedom of speech to all citizens and not a military regime which suppresses the right of the people to voice their opinions on challenges facing their country. Ortom further stated that it was the duty of the Federal Government to listen to the views of the people and take steps to address the security situation and other problems confronting the country rather than combatively engaging anyone who dares to hold an alternative opinion. “This is a challenging time in the country’s history, the people expect their leaders to be tolerant, patient, humane, sincere, and always seek to address the issues that affect shared interests of citizens. “The Bishop’s statement is a true reflection of the current situation in Nigeria and urges President Muhammadu Buhari not to listen to sycophants who may tell him that everything is well with the country. All is not well. “The renowned Bishop is not the first to call on the leadership of the country to strengthen security agencies and be proactive in combating the wave of violence and killings in parts of the country. “Many other Nigerians have been making the same call on daily basis. He was not the first to suggest that the President should be the father of all and not of only a section of the country or a particular ethnic group. “Also, even under the worst dictatorships, courageous citizens express their views on issues of national interest. Nigeria which is a democratic nation cannot be an exception. “Lastly, whipping into silence, men and women of honour who speak against injustice will not take the country to greater heights. The government needs critics who make constructive observations and recommendations for it to work in the interest of the people,” he said. Ortom, however, noted that great nations of the world got to their enviable heights by utilizing ideas of their citizens, not by discouraging those who made bold submissions on the development of their countries. He reaffirmed his believe in the unity, growth and potential of Nigeria to overcome its current economic and security challenges and live up the true meaning of its title as the Giant of Africa. Recall that the Bishop of Sokoto Catholic Diocese, Most Reverend Fathy Mathew Hassan Kukah had accused President Muhammadu Buhari of crass nepotism like never experienced in the history of Nigeria. Bishop Kukah, in his Christmas message titled, “A Nation in Search of Vindication” delivered in Sokoto on Friday, noted that President Buhari had succeeded in sacrificing the dreams of Nigerians on the altar of nepotism by pursuing Northern hegemony. According to him, there could have been a coup or war in the country if a non-Nothern Muslim became president and did some of the things Buhari had done.