Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari will on Thursday address a joint session of the National Assembly. Buhari’s Personal Assistant on Social Media, Lauretta Onochie made the disclosure. 2. Youths protesting against the brutality and extra-judicial killings by police on Monday hit the streets again in Osogbo, the capital of Osun State. The youths in Osogbo armed themselves with different placards explaining the reasons for their actions. 3. The Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief Dave Umahi, on Monday, finally tendered an unreserved apology to the former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Senator Pius Anyim and the former Governor, Sam Ominyi Egwu on the recent feud that existed between them. Umahi apologised while addressing the stakeholders of the state and APC supporters in Ebonyi State. 4. The Air Component of Operation Thunder Strike has killed scores of bandits in Kaduna State barely 24 hours after killing many in Kaduru forest in the state. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj -Gen. John Enenche, in a statement on Monday, said the latest attack took place at the Kusasu area of the state on Sunday. 5. Five Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists have been eliminated by troops of Operation Fireball in Borno State. Acting Director, Defence Media Operations, Brigadier Benard Onyeuko in a statement, noted that, troops of 222 Battalion in conjunction with some elements of Borno State Civilian JTF yesterday following an actionable intelligence on activities of Boko Haram terrorists, conducted an aggressive fighting patrol to the general area of Margumari village. 6. Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, has lamented the insecurity in the country, saying Nigerians are not only at war but are in a war zone. Soyinka, who decried the seemingly intractable killings and kidnappings in the country, spoke yesterday in Lagos at the public presentation of his latest novel, Chronicles of the Happiest People on Earth. 7. Lagos State Police command has arrested one Fatai Ismai m, 23, aka small, a notorious armed robber who has been terrorising residents of Langbasa Area, Ajah Lagos State. Fatia was arrested by the police, with the help of some community members, when he went to attack a supermarket at Folarin Bus Stop, Ajah Area. 8. Angry youths, on Monday, destroyed the house of Benue State chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Comrade Abba Yaro, over the sudden death of one of his domestic workers. It was gathered that the rampaging youths smashed windows as well as parts of the building in which the APC chairman inhabits with his family while also destroying cars and air conditioners in the premises. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has renominated Mr Ahmed Kuru as the Managing Director and Mr Eberechukwu Uneze and Mr Aminu Ismail as Executive Directors of the Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria for the final term of five years. This was contained in a letter to the President of the Senate seeking confirmation of the nominees by the Upper Chamber in accordance with Section 10(1) of the AMCON Act, 2010. 10. The Chief Whip of Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Nwuruku Humphrey has been removed. Hon. Nwuruku was removed on Monday following his refusal to defect to the All Progressives Congress with the state governor, David Nweze Umahi.