Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Katsina State Government has confirmed the rescue of the abducted students of Government Science Secondary School in Kankara area of the State. President Muhammadu Buhari’s Personal Assistant on New Media, Bashir Ahmad who confirmed their freedom after one week in captivity, said the schoolboys have been taken to Katsina, the State capital. 2. The United States (U.S.) on Thursday told the Nigerian government to hold those responsible for the abduction of hundreds of children from Government Science Secondary School, Kankara, Katsina State, accountable. The U.S. Department of State in a statement issued by a spokesperson, Cale Brown, noted that the kidnappers must be allowed to face the full wrath of the law. 3. Governor Aminu Bello Masari of Katsina State says no ransom was paid to secure the release of the abducted students. The Governor said the release of the students was facilitated by the Miyyeti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria, MACBAN, who engage in talks with the bandits and government, noting that no single Kobo was paid as ransom. 4. A former governorship candidate of the African Action Congress, AAC, in Adamawa State, Said Lawal Uba, has dragged President Muhammadu Buhari before an Abuja Federal High Court. Uba, in his suit, urged the court to compel Buhari to sack all Service Chiefs over their alleged failure to curb insecurity in the country. 5. Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State has tested positive for COVID-19. The Governor’s Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr Makut Simon Macham, said, the test result indicated that Governor Lalong’s test returned positive while all members of his family tested negative. 6. The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, on Thursday, officially declared the second wave of the virus in Nigeria. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, who stated this during the daily media briefing, said Nigeria has entered a second wave of the infection and stands the risk of losing the gains from the hard work of the last nine months. 7. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Thursday recorded 1,145 new infections of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in the country. The figure was the highest ever recorded in one day since the disease was first reported in Nigeria. 8. Former President of Nigeria, Olusegun Obasanjo has said he cannot call for the sack of the country’s service chiefs because he did not appoint them. Obasanjo, who stated this on Thursday, during a condolence visit to the Governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde, over the death of his mother, Abigail, called for a stronger synergy between the federal government and the citizens in addressing the issues affecting the country. 9. The Nigerian Bar Association, NBA, Makurdi Branch, has called on the Federal Government to declare a State of emergency on security in the country following the killing of their colleague, Barrister Moses Udam and his pregnant wife by armed herdsmen. The NBA also urged the Federal government to establish the North Central Development Commission to rehabilitate parts of the region which have been affected by the destruction caused by herdsmen and bandits. 10. The Ambassador Aminu Wali, Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, faction in Kano has sacked former Governor Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso from the party, for alleged gross violation of the constitutional orders of the party. The Ambassador Aminu Wali-led PDP faction also elected new leaders of the party under Muhammin Bako Lamido as State Chairman, while Garba Abdullahi Gezawa emerged Secretary of the party.