The apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, Ohaneze Ndigbo at the weekend appointed senator Ken Nnamani and two others as mediators in the feud between two prominent Igbo leaders; Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim. The three-man committee consisting of Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu, Igwe Alfred Achebe and Senator Ken Nnamani were charged to stop the duo from continuing in the war of words, which is capable of affecting Igbo’s 2023 ambition. The President-General of Ohanaeze, Chief Nnia Nwodo made this known during a general meeting ( Ime Obi) held at Nike Lake Resort Enugu. Chief Nwodo described as unfortunate the media war by the two Igbo leaders in the past weeks and charged the committee to stop at nothing to reconcile them. The Organisation also received and approved the report of Prof Osita Ogbu led Alaigbo Stabilization Fund Steering Committee. Nwodo said under the arrangement, Ndigbo Development Foundation and Ndigbo Investment will be set up to serve as a catalyst for the development of Igbo land. In a related development, Nwodo spoke on the forthcoming general election of Ohanaeze slated for January 10, 2021. He appointed an electoral committee saddled with the responsibility of conducting elections into various offices and appealed to Ndigbo to be diplomatic in all forms of agitations for the sake of national unity. Responding, the Governor of Imo State, Sen. Hope Uzodinma urged the technical committee to come up with implementable proposals that will benefit Igbos at home and in diaspora and assured that Imo whose turn it is to produce the next President General will ensure that a credible candidate emerges. He announced that the South-East Governors approved a parting gift of a Prado jeep to Chief Nnia Nwodo, and Igwe Alfred Achebe, the outgoing President General of Ohaneze Ndigbo and outgoing Chairman of the South East Traditional Rulers council respectively. The ” Imeobi” which is the highest decision making organ of Ohaneze was attended by notable Igbo Sons and Daughters including the Governor of Ebonyi State Engr David Nweze Umahi who was represented by the Deputy Governor Dr Kelechi Igwe.