Olusegun Bamgbose, a chieftain of the New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, has called on the National Assembly to amend the Constitution to provide for the recall of the President by those who voted for him. According to the frontline lawyer, considering the spate of insecurity in the country, and the lackadaisical attitude of the government to nip it in the bud, it had become necessary and imperative to amend the Constitution. In a chat with DAILY POST on Tuesday, Bamgbose noted that if the Constitution provided for the recall of any member of the National Assembly, same should be extended to the Executive President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The senior lawyer, who is hoping to take over at the Aso Villa come 2023, further noted that the procedure provided by the constitution to impeach a sitting President is almost impossible to be carried out. “It’s a difficult task to impeach the President in view of the conditions laid down in our Constitution. There should be alternative to this, the Constitution should be amended to provide for the recall of the President by those who voted for him,” he said. According to Bamgbose, “President Buhari is due for recall by the electorate if the constitution had provided for it. I wonder how Nigerians can cope with Buhari’s Presidency for the next 30 months. “It’s like spending 30 months in hell. Lives and properties of Nigerians are now at the mercy of Boko Haram insurgents, bandits, gunmen, kidnappers. “May God deliver us. Our lives can no longer be guaranteed. Those in their houses are not safe, those that are traveling are not really sure they won’t be kidnapped. “Farmers can no longer harvest or work in their farms without obtaining permission from the military. We are certainly living in hell. All our President does is to condemn and condole. “This is certainly not the best of time for Nigerians. We have certainly been scammed by APC. We have been trapped by promises of change, this is so sad. “No doubt if the impeachment of Buhari were left in the hands of Nigeria, by now he would have been impeached. One wonders how Nigerians will survive another 30 months of Buhari’s administration. “Nigerians should brace up for the challenges ahead. Nigerians are fed up with Buhari’s administration. They promised change but we are experiencing crisis, we expected dividends of democracy, but difficulties have become our daily experience. “May God deliver us from this government given to excuses and propaganda. Nigerians never bargained for this type of government.”