The Premier League continues to roll in mouth-watering games across various match venues in the English topflight. And it will be a great feat to witness the games involving Chelsea and Liverpool as both sides look to make-up in this Day 16 fixtures. Arsenal returned to winning ways against Chelsea while Leicester City drew 2-2 with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s Manchester United. The Citizens were spot on beating the Magpies 2-0, thanks to strikes from Ferran Torres and Ikay Gundogan. This week promises to be even more interesting as Match Day 16 clashes begin. Chelsea vs Aston Villa It promises to be a grand finale of a game to envisage at Stamford Bridge as the Blues go head to head against London rival Aston Villa. Dean Smith’s men would be confident ahead of this match after claiming a 0-3 away win at the weekend even as Chelsea are in desperate measures after losing 3-1 at the Emirates. The festive period seems to have been a tough period for Frank Lampard and his wards as they continue from one London derby to another, having faced West Ham United and Arsenal in the last two games. Visitors, Aston Villa would fancy their chances away from home since they’ve nothing to lose playing against Chelsea on the road. It could be an uphill task for Chelsea who is expected to make changes to the side owing to their defeat on Boxing Day against Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal. Everton vs. Manchester City Manchester City would be in the quest to beat Everton but the home side could be somehow the favourite going into this match owing to the threat they’ve got going forward. Their form suggests they are in the best possible shape to claim the vital points since they are at home in the contest. Carlo Ancelotti would be aiming for a win against Pep Guardiola as pride would be at stake between the two managers. Everton claimed a 0-1 home against Chelsea thanks to Gylfi Sigurdsson early Penalty goal. And they would be confident they can achieve the same against Pep Guardiola’s men though Sergio Aguero is available for the Sky Blue side in this all-important Premier League clash. Manchester United vs. Wolverhampton Wanderers It will be a mouth-watering encounter when both sides clash at Old Trafford. Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer would be gunning for the three points at home after dropping two points at the King Power Stadium. Brendan Rodgers’ men pushed United to the limit before they were able to get their goal for the equalizer thanks to Jamie Vardy who forced an own goal from Axel Tuanzebe with few minutes remaining. On the Wolves side, they managed to crawl their way back in the match against Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspur side and they would have the ultimate believe that they can get something out of this game. The Red Devils side has shown some level of inconsistency in the Premier League especially at (Old Trafford) and it will interest the visitors as they aim to pull off an impressive display away from home in this one.