The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Friday said the revelations trailing the abduction and release of students by bandits have further exposed the President Muhammadu Buhari’s All Progressives Congress, APC-led government as a party in league with bandits, insurgents and terrorists ravaging our nation. PDP said the revelation has exposed that the Buhari-led APC government was in what it termed “blood business with bandits, insurgents.” PDP reacted to a report by the Zamfara State Governor, Bello Matawalle that the Fulani apex socio-cultural organisation, Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria, MACBAN, negotiated the release of students abducted from Government Science Secondary School in Kankara Local Government Area of Katsina State. The students, who were abducted last week Friday, were last night released by bandits. Reacting, PDP’s spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan said such revelation indicated that the Buhari-led government has become the mouthpiece of bandits, kidnappers and terrorists. A statement by Ologbondiyan said: “Such revelations further explain why the APC has been acting as the mouthpiece of bandits, rationalizing killings and kidnapping, showing express sympathy to terrorists, refusing to condemn acts of terrorism but attacking any person or groups that dare to criticize the activities of these bandits or demand unconditional release of abductees. “The posers are; why is the APC always showing sympathy for and canvassing understanding for bandits, insurgents and terrorists? “Why is the APC not always forthcoming in condemning acts of terrorism and banditry but only issuing lame and patronizing press statements after being prodded and called-out by well-meaning Nigerians including the PDP? “This is particularly against the backdrop of reported declaration by President Muhammadu Buhari that the abductors and tormentors of our 600 traumatized and brutalized students were rather “settled”; a statement that does not only confirm that the Buhari Presidency cannot combat terrorists but also explains why banditry, kidnapping and acts of terrorism have become a thriving bloody business under the APC. “It is imperative to state that the APC’s sympathy for acts of terrorism had led to escalated attacks on our compatriots in the last five years. “It is also very worrisome that our government under the APC can no longer battle bandits and insurgent and now has to rely on nascent groups coordinated by APC leaders to negotiate and pay ransom to assailants. “Such devious designs have elevated acts of terrorism to a per-second affair in our nation under the encouragement of the APC.” PDP urged Nigerians to hold the APC responsible for the escalated act of banditry, kidnapping and terrorism ravaging the country. “Perhaps, the time has come for Nigerians, whose loved ones have been kidnapped or killed by kidnappers or bandits, to approach the APC for redress,” he added.