The Oyo state chapter of the Socialist Party of Nigeria (SPN), has faulted the decision of Governor Seyi Makinde-led government to introduce park management system (PMS) and the appointment of park managers for the control and management of parks, and quarries across the state. DAILY POST reported that Makinde sometime last week introduced park management system when he appointed a former acting Chairman of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW), Alhaji Mukaila Lamidi as Chairman of the disciplinary committee. But, SPN while reacting, described the decision as unlawful and contravenes section 7 (5) of the Fourth Schedule of the 1999 Constitution as amended. The party while condemning Makinde’s action, added that control of parks, markets and abattoirs are functions of the local government and not the state. The party said, “According to this section, the control of the parks, markets, and abattoirs is stipulated to be the constitutional responsibility of the Local Government Council and not of the state government. It is only expected of the state government through the state house of assembly to enact a law that will enable the local government to effectively perform and carry out the stipulated function”. The party described the appointment of Mr. Mukaika Lamidi as a way to return thugs to the state “The appointment of Alhaji Mukaila Lamidi as the chairman of the disciplinary committee of the PMS and some other known park thugs with proven records of criminal and violent activities as park managers clearly show that, the PMS in itself it is a dubious agenda to return through the back door, the control and management of the motor parks, to the section of the park thugs that are loyal to the Engr Seyi Makinde-led government. Under this kind of arrangement, one does not need to be a soothsayer to know that the exploitation, harassment including intimidation often suffered by mass of poor commercial drivers and operators of motorcycles and tricycles under the banned park thugs controlled NURTW will not only continue but deepen in multiple folds especially now that the PMS arrangement has provided an official and legitimate basis for the exploitation and extortion of poor road transport workers. “SPN frowns against the continuous proscription of NURTW. It is illegal and undemocratic. We, therefore, demand the return of the NURTW that is democratically controlled by transport workers (registered commercial drivers and operators of bicycle and tricycle across the state) with guaranteed right to freedom of association and election of leadership devoid of imposition, force, violence and thuggery. “While we recognize that the operation of the banned NURTW under the control and management of the park thugs is condemnable in all ramifications, we do not believe that dastardly and criminal acts of a few known park thugs should be a strong reason to continue to deny other willing law-abiding commercial drivers and operators of tricycles and motorcycles their fundamental right to association and peaceful assembly for an adequate defense and protection of both their economic and political rights. “NURTW like other trade union organizations like NUT, NULGE is a registered union by the law and intended to be a union for interested road transport workers for the defense and protection of their interest. As it is obtainable in other trade unions, members are meant to pay dues and democratically direct the affairs of the union through popular participation such as meetings, congresses etc. Proceeds realized from such dues are meant to be subjected to democratic and open administration of members through the co-ordination of their elected representatives strictly for the purpose of achieving the goal of the union. Neither is the proceeds realized from the dues paid by road workers meant for the advancement of the self-serving interests of the few individuals as we used to have it under the proscribed thugs controlled NURTW nor a means of generating revenues for the government as being proposed by Engr Seyi Makinde-led government that will be largely stolen by the privileged few. “We call on the state leadership of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) to initiate discussion with the state government with a motive to request all necessary logistics including provision of security that will be needed to convene a congress of all legitimate road workers in the state to democratically elect a new leadership for the union as a step to begin to reconstitute the union in the state. This we believe is the only step in the right direction”.