As part of Niger State in the North Central Nigeria is currently under siege by bandits and kidnappers, Senator Sabi Abdullahi representing Niger North Senatorial district has urged the red chambers to take action. Coming under order 43 of Senate rules, Sabi on Tuesday in Abuja decried the incessant attacks in Niger North Senatorial district, wondering how there were kidnapping and banditry without the security operatives helping the situation. In his explanation on the floor, he revealed that criminals were operating from government reserves without any resistance from the security agents, while calling on the military to rise to the occasion. “The personal explanation, I want to make here has to do with the unfortunate incident of insecurity in Niger State. “Few days ago, I was disturbed that there was kidnapping along Mokwa – New Bassa Road in Niger State. “The kidnapping of some of our Constituents, one of which turned out to be an Imam attached to a mosque located in the Emir of Borgu Palace. “Mr. President, this issue I would say is turning into another rampant thing along that corridor. You may recall that on that route, we have the zuguruma sector and I think the bandits were operating on that route. “In one of my earlier contribution, I maintained that Bariga Local Government Area has a forest reserve there and these bandits have invaded that area. Sabi insisted that the upper chamber should take action to curtail the level of insecurity in Niger State. “This is to say that we are taking the issue of insecurity seriously and we have to take events as it happens and it even give credence to the fact that we need to take urgent action. “This insecurity started somewhere and it is expanding. It is expanding on the corridors of forest reserves which is one important point we need to take note of. “It is expanding to the border with Benin Republic and we need to take serious action and as a way of calling on the Army formation around there, they should please take action”, he concluded.