Imo State was today thrown into confusion as the two rival parties, the Peoples Democratic Party and the All Progressives Congress clashed over the January 14 Supreme Court judgment. DAILY POST reporter who took stock of the protest said the rally took off at the popular Ugwu Ekwema along Egbu road and ended at the fire service roundabout where members of APC intercepted the PDP supporters and threatened a showdown. The PDP protest, according to our reporter, was the third since the supreme court judgement that ousted Chief Emeka Ihedioha as the Governor of Imo state. Charles Oputa, the founder and national coordinator of “Ourmumudondo” led the delegation alongside his fellow activists. Speaking, he said the judgement delivered by the supreme court was the worst count in the nation’s judiciary, describing it as unhealthy for Nigeria’s democracy. He asked that the judgement be reviewed and Chief Emeka Ihedioha returned because, according to him, he won convincingly and was declared winner by the INEC. The activist popularly known as “Area Father” further accused the apex court of having erred in its duty to deliver a fair judgement as the last hope of the common man. A PDP chieftain, Hon. Igwe Silas as well the executive chairman of Imo State Universal Basic Education Board IMSUBEB, Prof. Obioma Iheduru said that the party will continue to protest until the judgement is reversed. The IMSUBEB boss said over 15,000 Imo people thronged out for the rally, showing how desperate the people are in bringing back their Governor. They expressed confidence that the proposed judgement review will favour Chief Emeka Ihedioha whom, they said has shown uncommon capacity within the shortest possible time he held sway. Adding his voice, Rev. Stanley Anyanwu, a PDP chieftain in diaspora said the unfair judgement has placed an asterisk on the image of the country before the international community, calling for its reversal. The Reverend popularly known as Multi Mayor called on party faithful to continue to be committed and resilient for there are better days ahead. Meanwhile, the PDP protesters displayed various placards with inscriptions such as “bring back our Governor, Emeka Ihedioha”, “no Ihedioha, no democracy”, ” Imo wants Ihedioha back”, “we don’t want level 1, step1 governor in Imo state”, among others.