The Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Umahi at the weekend ordered immediate sack and arrest of Ubeyi Development Centre Coordinator, Hon. Uche Ibiam, who allegedly shot dead one Enyinna Ibiam at the state primaries of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. The order came barely two days after the bloody councillorship primaries of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, which took place in the 13 LGA and in 171 political wards of the state. The councillorship primaries were said to have recorded lots of damages, as many prominent persons, candidates were attacked and maimed by thugs at the various ward’s. Recall that the sacked coordinator Hon. Uche Ibiam was said to have pulled out a gun and shot at his own brother Ibiam Ogbonnaya Junior, (aka Terror) Technical Assistant (T.A) to the governor on security, but fortunately, he dodged the bullet and it hit another person. The victim, Enyinna Ibiam was before his death a staff of the Federal Polytechnic Uwanna but died while trying to separate a fight between the sacked coordinator and his brother, when the bullet hit him and pierced through the nose. The governor, who ordered the arrest and sack of the said person, made this known in a statement signed by the secretary to Ebonyi state government, SSG, Dr. Kenneth Ugbala and forwarded to DAILY POST in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi State. The statement reads in part: “His Excellency, the Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief David Nweze Umahi, has directed the immediate removal from office and arrest of the Coordinator Ubeyi Development Centre, Hon. Uche Ibiam and Mr. Ibiam Ogbonnaya Junior, (aka Terror) Technical Assistant (T.A) to Governor on Security, for allegedly being involved in a murder case. “The Governor further directed that security agents should carry out full investigation and prosecute all those found guilty in accordance to the law. “His Excellency further assures Ebonyians of his continuous commitment in protecting life and property in the State,” the governor stated.