Ahead of the Saturday’s Local Government elections in Enugu State, Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, on Thursday, called on the people of the state to ensure peaceful conduct of the exercise. The governor made the appeal when he led stakeholders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to the grand finale of the party’s campaign which held at the headquarters of Udenu Local Government Area. The PDP had flagged off its chairmanship campaign last week Thursday at Ikem, the headquarters of Isi-Uzo LGA, where the leaders of the Party and Ohanaeze Ndigbo in the state applauded Gov. Ugwuanyi for entrenching peace and good governance through participatory democracy. Addressing party members and teeming supporters at the grand finale at Udenu LGA, Gov. Ugwuanyi urged the electorate to exercise their franchise on Saturday, noting that all hands must be on deck to sustain the existing peace in the state. The governor thanked the people of the state for their show of solidarity, prayers, goodwill and support for the PDP-led state government saying that “we don’t want crisis anywhere. We sue for peaceful and hitch-free free elections, which our state is known for.” Speaking on behalf of members of the National Assembly from Enugu State, the Senator representing Enugu West Senatorial District, Senator Ike Ekweremadu, appreciated God and Gov. Ugwuanyi for the peaceful processes of the Local Government elections in the state, starting from the party’s primaries to the campaigns. Senator Ekweremadu who was supported by other members of the National Assembly from Enugu State noted that the processes of the Local Government elections in the state had been difficult in the past resulting to various crises, attributing the existing peace in the Party today to the uncommon leadership style of Gov. Ugwuanyi. He also charged the candidates of the party to keep faith with their campaign promises if they win the elections on Saturday by ensuring that they execute development projects in the varoius council areas for the wellbeing of the people, saying: “PDP is our party. It is our destiny”. Earlier in her speech, a member of the Board of Trustees of the Party, Amb. Justina Eze, commended Gov. Ugwuanyi for his administration’s peace and good governance initiatives, which she said have led to massive developments in the rural areas where the majority of the people reside. Amb. Eze also thanked Gov. Ugwuanyi for the payment of new minimum wage to workers of the state without rancour or industrial action. The state Chairman of PDP, Hon. Augustine Nnamani, who described Ugwuanyi as “the 13th Month Governor of Enugu State”, expressed gratitude to God that the party’s campaigns ended peacefully and successfully in all 17 LGAs and 260 electoral wards. Hon. Nnamani disclosed that the acceptability of the PDP in the state as demonstrated during the campaigns, was a confirmation that “Enugu State is the capital of PDP in Nigeria”. He lauded the governor for the peace in the party in particular and the state in general, adding that he is “the only governor in the history of our country who got over 95 percent votes cast to win his reelection”. Other speakers, such as the Speaker of the State Assembly, Rt. Hon. Edward Ubosi, former State Chairmen of the party led by Dr. Charles Egumgbe, and Chief Hyde Onugaluchi, extolled Gov. Ugwuanyi’s leadership qualities and urged the people to continue to support the party and its government in the state.