Popular Afrobeat musician, Burna Boy has stirred reactions online from Nigerians following his statement making boast about being the best in Nigeria. The African giant seems to have stepped on toes with his statement as some Nigerians saw his utterance as being proud. Burna on Wednesday night described himself as the best in Nigeria since Fela Anikulapo-Kuti. He noted that nobody in the industry paved the way for him like some fans think, adding that he brought respect to Nigeria. His post on Twitter read, “Everybody they find them own. I have been out here, if you knew the way they made us look weak by begging and paying the western world to like us you will see that no table was set and I’m the one that brought you the Respect you currently enjoy.” His comment has since stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST: @Jezzyjoseph “Where were you since 2010-2018? I mean where were you when Afrobeat was struggling to hit the mainstream? The BEST paved the way for you. You came In when the table has already been set and here you’re claiming the BEST since Fela.” @Skeply1586 “There is nothing you’ve done that no Nigeria artist has done. You brought nothing here, you are just part of the people that pushed afrobeat to the world “So you did not set any table a lot of artist have already set it before you started getting ur fame last 2 years!! @Oga.Bobby “I wonder what would have happened if you won the Grammy. Pride comes before a fall Burna, you’re good but someone’s way ahead of you and he’s not even bragging. Be humble Dami.” @Saintdop3 “Burna is actually saying the truth though, where was y’all when Headies gave someone who isn’t as good as Burna Boy as Next Rated 2013, nobody paved way for anybody everybody dey do him own for this our industry.” @Ladtube “If you’ve never been outside of Nigeria please don’t comment on the “respect” part because Burna is damn right.” @Beezidominik “The best doesn’t say he’s the best. Check all Fela’s documentaries he never said he was the best. Reasons why I prefer 2face.” @Volqx “Everything Burna Boy said is FACT ! and applies to every industry and sect of life . When you are winning among a range of people doing the same thing , you should know only you and God truly has your back . The same people that cheer you might stir the soup that would kill you .” @Biolakazeem “I like Burna Boy a lot because his refusal to perform humility or pretend he owes his outstanding success to anyone except himself, his talent, his team and his God. And all comments that “pride comes before a fall” threat is just comedy. “Humble” artistes fall even faster.”