Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Supreme Court, on Tuesday, affirmed David Lyon as the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, under whose platform he emerged victorious in the last election in Bayelsa State. In a unanimous decision, the Court affirmed the nomination of Lyon as the candidate of his party and thus struck out an appeal by former Minister of State for Agriculture, Heineken Lokpobiri challenging the emergence of Lyon as APC’s governorship candidate. 2. A bomb, on Tuesday, exploded around the residence of the Secretary to the All Progressives Congress in Edo State, Lawrence Okah. Okah told newsmen in Benin that he was lucky to be alive, following the incident which occurred in the wee hours of Tuesday. 3. A High Court sitting in Lokoja has fixed March 6 March, 2020 to deliver judgement on a matter brought before it to determine the rightful owner of the Peoples Democratic Party ticket in the last year September 3, PDP primaries. Justice John Olorunfemi of the Lokoja High Court 4, fixed March 6 to deliver judgement after counsels to all parties in the suit adopted their written addresses. 4. A suspected Boko Haram terrorist has been arrested in Plateau State by soldiers attached to the Special Task Force, otherwise known as Operation Safe Haven. The Commander of the STF, Maj.Gen.Augustine Agundu, told journalists in Jos on Tuesday that the suspect identified as Umar Musa Tello was arrested by the troops while loitering around Zaruwan village in the Bassa Council Area of Plateau State. 5. The Reform and Advancement Party has sued the Independent National Electoral Commission for deregistering it. The party, along with its National Chairman, Dr Nonyerem Davidson, and its National Youth Leader, Alexander Ocheinu, on Monday, jointly filed the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/129/2020 before the Federal High Court in Abuja to challenge its deregistration. 6. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire, on Tuesday in Kano, confirmed that three laboratories had been established at strategic points in the country to diagnose cases of coronavirus. Ehanire, who made the disclosure while declaring open the Kano 2020 Primary Health Care Summit at Coronation Hall, Kano Government House, said nobody had been diagnosed of coronavirus in the country, saying those tested so far for the virus proved negative. 7. The National Centre for Disease Control said in its latest report on Tuesday that 19 people had been killed by Lassa fever in the country, with 318 suspected cases reported in 19 states. The report said the 318 suspected cases of Lassa fever were reported from 56 council areas in 19 states. The states are Edo, 135; Ondo, 52; Ebonyi, 15; Enugu, 6; Kano, 7; Borno, 8; Nasarawa, 4; Kogi, 10; Rivers, 3; Abia, 8; Adamawa, 4; Benue, 1; Kaduna, 8; Bauchi, 11; Taraba, 11; Plateau, 10; Delta, 9; Osun, 8; and Ogun, 8. 8. The President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari ( retd.), said on Tuesday that he was not against Nigerians in diaspora voting during elections, however, he noted that the National Assembly was required to pass relevant laws to give legal backing to Diaspora voting. The President spoke in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, during a meeting with the Executive Committee members of the Nigerian Community in Ethiopia. 9. Following the setting up of a Reconciliatory Committee by the National Working Committee of the All Progressives Congress to reconcile aggrieved members in the party, an aggrieved member of the APC in Rivers State has listed out conditions in which peace can return to the party. The aggrieved member, Igo Aguma, said one of the conditions in which he would withdraw his suit against the party is for the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi to step aside as the leader of the party in Rivers State. 10. The United States of America, Ambassador to Nigeria, Mary Beth Leonard, on Tuesday, hinted that the Immigration ban placed on Nigeria is a temporary measure that will hopefully be resolved “in a single-digit month.” The Ambassador gave the hint on Tuesday during a courtesy call to the Speaker of the House of Reps, Femi Gbajabiamila.