The Yoruba Socio-Cultural organisation, Afenifere, on Sunday called for the removal and prosecution of Adams Oshiomhole, National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, over his recent inflammatory comment. Afenifere’s spokesperson, Yinka Odumakin made the call in an exclusive chat with DAILY POST while condemning the inflammatory comment by Oshiomhole over the Supreme Court ruling on Bayelsa State governorship election. Recall that the Supreme Court had on Thursday sacked David Lyon of the APC as Governor-Elect of Bayelsa State while declaring Douye Diri of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, winner of the election. Displeased by the ruling, Oshiomhole had vowed that nobody would be sworn-in as governor of Bayelsa State. The APC National Chairman had anchored his threats on the fact that Lyon had the highest number of votes during the election. Despite Oshiomhole’s threat, the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, had on Friday declared Diri winner of the election and issued him the Certificate of Return. The ruling, however, led to some angry youths in the state attacking PDP and Diri’s properties in the state. Reacting to the violence that broke out after the apex court verdict, Odumakin stressed that Oshiomhole should be removed as National Chairman. According to the Afenifere spokesperson, only an irresponsible organisation will allow Oshiomhole to continue leading them after making such an inflammatory comment. Asked if Oshiomhole should be arrested and prosecuted, Odumakin said: “In a sane clime, that is the right thing for making frightening and provocative statements, which had led to arsons and burning of properties in the state. “Any organisation that retains such a man (Oshiomhole) as its National Chairman after what has happened will be an irresponsible organisation. “The best thing to do now is to remove him, find a more suitable replacement and be prosecuted for the damage he has caused. Note that if they fail to remove him others will do what he has done.”