A human rights group has called on the Service Chiefs to honourably leave their offices if President Muhammadu Buhari refuses to sack them. DAILY POST reports that following the rising cases of insecurity in Nigeria, there have been unending calls from major stakeholders, asking the President to relieve the military bosses of their posts But President Buhari has been adamant, insisting the Service Chiefs have assisted in winning the war against Boko Haram insurgency. However, the group, under the auspices of Ogun State Coalition of Civil Society, said the Service Chiefs should not wait for the President to sack them, but should rather leave the stage for others. The Chairman of the group, Comrade Yinka Folarin, in an interview with DAILY POST on Saturday, said the Service Chiefs have overstayed their tenure, adding that they have no knowledge of how to go about the rising insecurity in the nation. Folarin emphasised that keeping the Service Chiefs will dampen the morale of other officers and will lead to sabotage of efforts; asking “What are they still waiting for? They should not wait to be sacked, they should leave for others.” Folarin said: “They have overstayed their tenure. What are they waiting for? We have not seen that exceptional performance that should retain them. They’d better leave now. If anybody has failed an examination, he needs nobody to tell him to leave. I don’t know the parameters the President is using to justify their stay, but 98% of Nigerians will tell you the Service Chiefs have failed us.” Folarin described as lies, claims by the presidency that Boko Haram has been technically defeated, saying, “it is unfortunate that a supposed anti-corruption regime that should be up to its words is dishing out lies to Nigerians.” He berated the Federal Government for releasing captured Boko Haram insurgents, while also asking Buhari to resolve the crisis between the National Security Adviser, Babagana Monguno and his Chief of Staff, Abba Kyari; adding, “stop playing politics with the lives of Nigerians.”