A three-year-old girl, Ihsan Ashiru Tsafe, was allegedly defiled by a sixty- year-old man, Bala Harana Oranjigada within a span of thirty minutes on the night of February 26th in Tsafe twon of Zamfara state, the police said Thursday. Narrating the sequence of event, the command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Mohammed Shehu, said that the accused person, Bala Haruna Oranjigada was first arrested by the Tsafe police Divisional headquarters which later transferred the case to criminal investigation department (CID) in Gusau, the state capital. According to him, Oranjigada was arrested based on the Information given by the father of the victim, Alhaji Ashiru Nuhu Tsafe, saying that the accused person had since been remanded in the police custody for investigation. The police spokesman, who confirmed the incident, said the accused person would be helping the police with necessary information as part of the ongoing investigation into the incident. When interviewed by newsmen at the state police headquarters in Gusau, the state capital, the father of the victim, Alhaji Ashiru Nuhu Tsafe, explained that the accused person is their neighbour whom he said came to his house to buy kolanuts. “He came with a N500 note and said he wanted to buy kolanuts of N50 but there was no change to give him but he demanded for the kolanut and a N50 which he said he would come back and collect his balance,” Ashiru said. According to him, when they got the balance, Ashiru said he sent the victim and her brother to take the balance of Haruna’s money to him, pointing out that Oranjigada seized the small girl and raped her. The brother ran out of the house with tears as his sister was crying seriously and told his parents who quickly rushed to Bala Haruna Oranjigada to rescue the small girl and get her treated. ” When we examined the small girl, it was discovered that her private part was reddish but no blood was visible. We had to boil hot water and applied local medication,” he said ” After that, we arrested Bala Haruna Oranjigada and detained him at the Tsafe Divisional police headquarters,” he noted. “But when the police took the small girl to the hospital for medical check up, the doctor said that it was too late as the hot water applied in the private part of the small girl has destroyed what would have determined the medical position of the infant.” However, the Police public Relations officer (PPRO) SP Mohammed Shehu, said that the accused person would be arraigned before a court of competent jurisdiction on Friday.