The Senator representing Osun East senatorial district at the upper chamber of the National Assembly, Francis Fadahunsi has berated the Minister for works and Housing, Mr Babatunde Fashola over his recent outburst against Nollywood. The lawmaker expressed disappointment over what he termed “unintelligent blame games” on the part of government, in a bid to play down the level of vices in the system. This was contained in a press statement made available to journalists by his media Adviser, Sam Segun-Progress in Osogbo, the capital of Osun State. Fadahunsi opined that the level of employment the movie industry is generating for the teeming unemployed youths is a big relief for the nation. He said : “I am disappointed with Fashola’s allegations against the Nollywood. Why has Americans not taking to terrorism and robberies like we see in their movies? Why are these people like this? Why blaming hardworking and thoughtful Nigerians for governments’ failure?” “The Nollywood is one of the fastest growing industries that is employing scores of the youths the government has failed to engage. It is unwise to castigate the producers. They should be praised and encouraged for opening the eyes of the masses to reality and educating people through their stories.” “Let the honourable Minister tell Nigerians how many youths he has engaged since he came into office. Let him tell us how is using the wealth he has accumulated to create jobs or empowered people.” “As a retired Customs officer, I know that the law allows you to bring a bag of rice and other little things. Those boys bringing in cars and the artisans who work across the borders have been thrown into labour markets by reason of the closure of the boarders. “The Nollywood has employed scores of our youths and its growing and even marketing the Nation than the impression we the politicians have given the country. How the failure of our security is now the responsibility of actors beats imagination.” Fadahunsi further alleged that the government of creating more unemployment by implementing policies that are inimical to economic growth and development.