The Coalition of United Political Parties (CUPP) has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to resign. CUPP made the call while expressing shock at the immigration visa ban slammed on Nigerians by the United States government. Imo Ugochinyere, its spokesman, in a statement on Saturday, said the development was one of the visible signs of the pariah state Buhari has turned our country. He said all indices are pointing to the fact that this All Progressives Congress (APC) government is bent on running this country aground. “All parts of the country are currently under security siege with killings, kidnappings, banditry and insurgency becoming the order of the day”, CUPP noted. “The electoral impunity being displaced under this government has reversed the gains of electoral reforms carried out by past administration. “Poverty is endemic on a large scale and it is visible wherever one turns to in the country while corruption, especially in high places, has continued unabated. “Adding to judicial/legislative rascality and ethnic cleansing that we have been leaving with is this international ostracization. All of these and more are consequences of Buhari’s incurable incompetence. “Concerned about the fate of Nigerians and generations yet unborn, the CUPP hereby call on Buhari to resign before it is too late. He should to save Nigeria from further embarrassment. “The only patriotic thing the President can do for the country at this moment is to step down for a more competent person to take over. The time is now.” Earlier in the week, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe had also asked Buhari to resign. Abaribe, in his contribution to a motion sponsored by the Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi, on national security, said the nation’s leader and his government have been lying to Nigerians that Boko Haram has been defeated. He said: “Those who live on propaganda shall die by propaganda. Defeat is staring us in the face. “Nigerians did not elect the Chief of Staff, Nigerians did not elect heads of Security. “Nigerians elected President Muhammadu Buhari in 2015 and in 2019. He should resign with immediate effect.”