Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Several people were reported dead after suspected armed robbers attacked two commercial banks in Ile-Oluji, Ile-Oluji/Oke-Igbo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Thursday. The two banks affected were First Bank and Polaris Bank situated in the central part of the community. 2. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) on Thursday deregistered 74 political parties in Nigeria. INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu at a news conference in Abuja, disclosed that the decision was taken by the commission in line with the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, as well as the Electoral Act 2010 (as amended). 3. Former Imo State Governor, Emeka Ihedioha, Thursday, prayed the Supreme Court to set aside the judgment it delivered on January 14 which nullified his election. The applicants, among other grounds, argued that the majority judgment of the Court of Appeal dismissing Uzodinma’s petition as incompetent continues to subsist as the appeal against that decision was not considered by the apex court. 4. The House of Representatives on Thursday passed the local government autonomy bill through second reading. The bill, which seeks to amend the 1999 constitution, was passed through second reading by the House. 5. The Inter Party Advisory Council of Nigeria (IPAC) has reacted to the deregistration of 74 political parties by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). IPAC in a statement signed by its National Legal Adviser, Mr Ezeobika Chukwudi, on Thursday in Abuja, called on INEC to immediately reverse its decision on the de-registration. 6. The Senator representing Benue South Senatorial District, Abba Moro, has lamented the outbreak of a strange disease in Obi Local Government Area of Benue State In a motion sponsored on Thursday, Moro said the first victims, Happiness Ogbu, Onah Ogbedu, Wisdom Agwo and Andy Edu, who were hit by the disease, all died alike within 48 hours of contacting the undiagnosed disease. 7. The Federal Government of Nigeria has slashed visa application charges for citizens of the United States from $180 to $160. Comptroller-General of Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Muhammad Babandede, said the reduction followed a review of the visa reciprocity fee slammed on Nigeria last August. 8. The Ondo State Governor, Mr Rotimi Akeredolu, has said the recruitment forms for the Operation Amotekun outfit will be ready next week. The governor, who spoke through his Special Adviser on Security Matter, Alhaji Jimoh Dojumo, said the recruitment on the operation process had begun. 9. The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ ad Abubakar, on Thursday blamed the northern elites for allowing some youths to float “ what they called Operation Shege Ka Fasa .” He asked the governors of the northern states to tackle the security challenges in the region and not setting up any security outfit. 10. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan has inaugurated a 56-member Constitution Review Committee to be chaired by the Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege. The committee, inaugurated during Thursday’s plenary consists all the eight principal officers, one Senator each from the 36 States and two members from each of the six geo-political zones, including Senate Leader, Yahaya Abdullahi; Deputy Senate Leader, Ajayi Borrofice; Deputy Chief Whip, Sabi Abdullahi; Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe; Senate Deputy Minority Leader, Emmanuel Bwacha; Minority Whip, Philip Aduda and others.