Lagos State Government on Sunday stated that there was no case of Coronavirus in the city. The clarification came just as the Nigerian government declared readiness to contain the disease. Lagos, however, urged all travelers returning from China or exposed to a traveler from China or any country where cases of novel Coronavirus have been reported to observe self-quarantine on arrival in Lagos. A public advisory by Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi noted that unsupervised self-quarantine for travelers is the first step in containing Corona Virus in the State. He said self-quarantine is a public health strategy used to separate and isolate individuals who may have been exposed to a communicable disease. “During unsupervised self-quarantine, we expect persons concerned to respond to the State advise and act like responsible citizens. “You are required to restrict your movement to your home, monitor yourself closely, report any symptoms that may develop to the Ministry of Health on the contact numbers provided and engage in good personal hygiene”, Abayomi said. The commissioner explained that persons observing self-quarantine must stay at home during the whole duration of the self-quarantine, and must avoid workplace, minimize contact with family members, ensure no contact with visitors, refrain from attending or going to public or social functions and must not ride or fly in any mode of public transportation. “You must monitor yourself closely and diligently during the self-quarantine period, to identify if you develop symptoms including, but not limited, to headache, cough, sore throat, fever, chest pain, chills, shortness of breath, breathing difficulties and pneumonia”, he added Abayomi stressed the need for citizens observing self-quarantine who develop any of the aforementioned symptoms to immediately contact the Ministry of Health on 08023169485, 08033565529 and 08052817243 for further instructions. “Novel Corona Virus Infection has an incubation period of 5 to 14 days. This means if you have been in China or any other country that is now experiencing Coronavirus transmission from person to person, you may become unwell after a period of 5 to 14 days of your return. “If you feel unwell or develop symptoms, immediately contact the Ministry of Health on the numbers provided to communicate how you are feeling”, he said. Abayomi, who dismissed news making the rounds, that a case of novel CoronaVirus has been recorded in the State said Lagos State has no suspected or confirmed cases of Corona Virus infection. “I would like to reassure Lagosians that our vigilance levels are very high and we are putting more measures in place to safeguard the State. “Through our strategic initiatives with Federal Authorities we are putting higher levels of surveillance into effect at all international airports in Nigeria including Lagos to ensure that we minimize the threat of entry of any cases of Corona Virus”, Abayomi stated.