As scuffle between Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Olawale Akanbi and Agbowu of Ogbaagba, Oba Dhikirulahi Akinropo lingers, Oluwo has alleged that monarchs in his domain are land grabbers. He said what transpired between him and the Ogbaagba King was a fallout of a courageous move on his part to put a stop to economic oppression against the downtrodden by kings in his environment. Oba Akanbi expressed dissatisfaction over what he termed misrepresentation of his intention, saying kings in the axis, who were involved in the act of land grabbing deliberately blew the matter out of proportion purposely to nail him. The monarch made this assertion during a press conference at the NUJ Correspondents’ Chapel in Osogbo, the Osun State capital. He, however, denied trending report of physically assaulting Oba Akinropo; he said what really happened was a mere altercation and not physical combat. “I did not punch Agbowu of Ogbaagba, although there was altercation that almost resulted to exchange of blows, but that didn’t happen at all. “If I am that boxing king you people are calling me, I should have done that in Iwo and not in Osogbo. Because I am a peace loving personality, I personally initiated the peace meeting in which I involved the AIG when those kings refused to desist from land grabbing despite my several warnings and advice”, Akanbi opined. He further accused kings in his domain of selling land to foreigners from Republic of Niger, who he claimed poses serious danger to the area. “Can you imagine kings selling land as ridiculous as N60,000 per hectare, and using the proceeds to marry new wives and drink alcohol, not minding the economic condition of their subjects. “They even went as far as selling our land to dangerous foreigners from Republic of Niger, those who always come with sophisticated weapons to terrorise the people. “That is why I always advocate that government must start conducting background check on those that are aspiring to be king. ” I have never in my life sell a single plot of land in my domain, I can’t take people’s property and turn them to paupers to enrich myself. I have been alleviating poverty in my domain instead, by organising vocational trainings and supporting them materially in all ramifications”. Oba Akanbi added that there was a gang up against him by royal fathers in his domain on the issue of land, saying “I am fighting for the poor people, kings have made their subjects destitute in this area , as their lands have been take over forcefully. “I know I am fighting a very big battle, and I am ready to fight it. I am indeed fighting corruption in the traditional system.”