A teenager, who was identified as Abosede Idowu, is in police net for allegedly stabbing her acclaimed boyfriend, Aliyu Ibrahim, to death over N3,000. The incident, DAILY POST gathered, happened in Sagamu on Wednesday, barely two days after a crisis that rocked the ancient town as a result of the death of Kazeem Tiyamiyu, a Remo Stars footballer, who was allegedly killed by a police officer. The girl, it was learnt had spent two nights with Ibrahim. She alleged that the young man accused her of stealing his money and later brought out a knife. In the course of their altercation, Abosede, it was gathered, said she managed to collect the knife from him and in an attempt to dispose of the knife, it mistakenly went into Ibrahim’s neck, saying “I didn’t know he would die.” Confirming the incident, the Ogun State police Spokesperson, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said the duo of Abosede and Ibrahim were dragging a knife in the public, adding that she stabbed the boyfriend in the chest and neck. Oyeyemi said the case was reported at the Sagamu police division by the Seriki Hausa. According to him, Abosede was apprehended by the DPO of Sagamu Police Division, SP Okiki Agunbiade, adding that the bloodstained knife was also recovered. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 23-year-old stabs lover to death for refusing to release birthday money Woman allegedly kills husband in Ekiti, invites neighbors to eat his meat Man stabs girlfriend to death in Bauchi