The Ekiti State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has described as untrue reports by a certain section of the social media in Oyo State that the former Governor of the state, Sen Abiiola Ajimobi has been endorsed as the next Deputy National Chairman of the party. Former Minister of Communications, Barrister Adebayo Shiitu, also in a statement said that endorsing the former Governor for the position will amount to bad luck for the state. In a statement released in Ado Ekiti by the state APC Director of Media and Publicity, Elder Sam Oluwalana, on behalf of the State Chairman of the party, Barrister Paul Omotosho, referring to the meeting held at Oshogbo, Osun State capital, where the purported endorsement was made, there was no mention of any sort of endorsement at the meeting and the report was reckless and smacks of mischief and misinformation on the part of the writers. The statement reads; “I was present at the meeting and nobody said anything about endorsing anybody for the position at that meeting.
He continues; ” We made our position clear that our state has to serve out its tenure and that we are endorsing Senator Gbenga Aluko for the position. “The South West chairman of the party, Pastor Oluwajana received a petition which we submitted at the meeting and promised to forward the same to the National Secretariat of the party. That was all that transpired at the meeting. For anybody to say or report anything to the contrary is not only false, but pure mischief”. He said. Meanwhile, the immediate former Minister of Communications in the country, Barrister Adebayo Shiitu has warned that endorsing former Governor Ajimobi will only bring misfortune to the state. According to Adebayo, the former Governor has only being a source of embarrassment to the state. He also tagged the former Senator as an anti- democratic agent, who denied members of the party in the state the dividends of democracy in his eight year reign in the state. In his statement, he said that; “Ajimobi’s choice would be a very bad luck for our dear party, APC, in Oyo State and South West Nigeria as a whole. “That somebody whose bad luck led to APC losing Oyo State to the less fancied PDP in the 2019 gubernatorial and State Assembly elections in the State is now being recycled and foisted on APC in Yorubaland is most insensitive. “What democratic credentials is Abiola Ajimobi bringing on board when, as a two time Governor, the self styled CONSTITUTED AUTHORITY never, for once, allowed democratic party primaries to hold in Oyo State APC and, over his said two terms as governor, only organised what, at best, was a kangaroo local govt election of officials who were merely hand picked by Ajimobi to become APC Candidates.”