President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with Governor Udom Emmanuel of Akwa Ibom State over the death of his father, Elder Gabriel Nkanang saying the deceased lived a fulfilled life. President Buhari, represented by the Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo at the burial service in Awa Onna on Saturday said Pa Gabriel left behind blessings of thousand generations.’ He said because the deceased served God during his lifetime and died as a Christian, he left behind an inheritance for his children, explaining that according to the Bible, the inheritance was not money, property or wealth but the blessings that would last for a thousand generations. He explained that the late Nkanang would indeed rest in peace as a result of his works on earth, noting that only the deeds of a person while alive would determine whether they rest in peace or not. His words,”But his greatest legacy will be the faithful and prolific spreading of the gospel of Jesus Christ through the Qua Iboe Church. Through the great work that he did, it was clear to all that not only was he a teacher and a mentor of men but also a leader and father to so many. “At funeral services such as this, one of the prayers is that for ‘the soul of the departed to rest in peace’. But for many who are familiar with Christian theology, you would agree with me that the prayer is medicine after death. “The truth of the matter is that men and women rest in peace depending on what they do before they die and we know that Elder Nkanang not only served and loved the Lord Jesus Christ while he was here, and accepted him as Lord and Saviour, but he also propagated the gospel. So the confidence is that today, he is also resting in peace. “I say to the children of Pa Nkanang led by the Governor of Akwa Ibom state that you are very fortunate indeed. The scripture says in Deuteronomy 7:9, that ‘know the Lord your God, who keeps covenant and mercy for a thousand generations’. Because your father loved God and kept his commandments, there is a promise of blessing for a thousand generations. “And so, we congratulate you on this great blessing that your father has left behind. The scripture says that a good man leaves an inheritance for his children’s children. That inheritance as we know is not money, is not property and is not wealth of any kind. This is what your father has left for you, the blessings of a thousand generations because he served the Lord Jesus Christ”. Chairman of the Governor’s Forum, Governor Kayode Fayemi of Ekiti state who spoke on behalf of the state governors said the gathering was a celebration of life. He stated that the gathering was not to mourn the deceased but to celebrate a father who reared great children, and spent his life well. While speaking, Governor Udom Emmanuel said the ceremony was a bridge building one because of the calibre of people that came to the occasion. He said though his father was not a rich man, he was caring, and a man of character, adding that he was thankful to God that he has honoured his father. He stated that there are different kinds of fathers including spiritual, economic and political fathers of which he has many. He noted that though all other fathers can be represented, it is only a biological father that cannot be represented. He appreciated the dignitaries and persons across all strata who attended the burial, saying he felt so loved and was grateful for the show of love. “I never knew I am this loved by Nigerians. I can only say Nigerians, I am deeply indebted to you. I love you all, I appreciate your show of love. On behalf of my family, we are very grateful.” He said. Nigerians and dignitaries who graced the occasion were: Vice President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, Senate President, Ahmed Lawal, former Presidents, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, Dr Goodluck Jonathan and his wife, Patience Jonathan, past and present state governors, former governors of Akwa Ibom state, former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, members of the Federal Executive and State Executive Council, members of the National and Akwa Ibom State House of Assemblies, Peoples Democratic Party Cheiftains led by Prince Uche Secondus, the Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, Religious leaders like Prelate emeritus, Sunday Mbang, Rev. Dr Umai Ukpai, and Captains of Industry like Jim Ovia among others.