The Ekiti State Government has called on communities to cooperate with it to attract investment that will boost economic activities and create more jobs. It also warned individuals and communities against fanning the embers of discord that could lead to bloodbath over land and boundaries. The Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, made the remarks while hosting traditional rulers and community leaders from Iye Ekiti and Ikun Ekiti to a peace meeting over land dispute between the two towns. A statement signed by the Special Assistant (Media) to the Deputy Governor, Odunayo Ogunmola, said the meeting was consequent upon a petition from the Iye Ekiti Community over alleged encroachment of its land by the people of Ikun Ekiti. The Oniye of Iye Ekiti, Oba Jonathan Adeleye-Oni led the delegation from his town while the Onikun, Oba Olusola Olatunde led the delegation from his community. Egbeyemi stressed that the Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, was passionate about attracting investment to the state and would not want communities to be involved in violent clashes, anarchy and bloodbath over land. The Deputy Governor said clashes and killings over land could discourage investment and scuttle the Governor’s efforts towards boosting economic profile of the state. Egbeyemi described the two neighbouring communities as brothers and urged them to continue living together peacefully as the process to resolve the boundary issue continues. He subsequently directed the officials of the state Boundary Commission and Ministry of Lands, Housing and Urban Development to visit the disputed areas to identify the said pillars that show demarcation or other means of identifying the boundaries. The team is expected to carry out a physical inspection of the disputed boundaries on 3rd March and report back to the government for further action. In a bid to settle the matter, the Deputy Governor said that the representatives of the two communities should come to terms and settle their differences or risk forfeiting the disputed land to the state government. Egbeyemi advised the Obas, Chiefs and Elders of the communities to call their subjects into order adding that the state government will not tolerate any form of unrest in the state. The Onikun, Oba Olatunde said the crisis was between two families between the two communities, while the Oniye sought for harmonious relationship between the people. The Oniye, Oba Adeleye-Oni appreciated the Deputy Governor for the fatherly role played in settling the crisis between their communities.