A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Ibrahim Emokpaire, has advised President Muhammadu Buhari, to ignore calls for the sack of the party’s national chairman, Adams Oshiomhole. He also condemned the use of “children and street urchins” for protests against the ex-Edo governor. Emokpaire, a former APC national chairmanship aspirant told NAN on Saturday in Abuja, that Oshiomole was a victim of party stalwarts bent on subverting the party. He alleged that persons who insisted on the removal of the former national chairman, Chief John Oyegun, were trying to have their way again. “My advice to those who are bent on sabotaging our party chairman is that we should not join the opposition in bringing our party and government down,” the chieftain said. “Oshiomhole worked to increase the number of APC legislators in the two chambers of the National Assembly alongside ensuring victory for President Buhari during the 2019 general elections. “It is pertinent to point out that prior to Oshiomhole being elected as APC national chairman, party congresses had already been conducted in all the 36 states plus Federal Capital Territory (FCT). “It is also on record that all the current disagreements in the party were not only inherent but also apparent as records would show,” Emokpaire said. He advised those who want Oshiomhole to resign to be civil and democratic and more importantly, adhere to the party’s constitution. “You do not remove the national chairman of a party through protest by urchins, especially the embarrassing type we witnessed recently, where young children were seen carrying placards.” He lamented that “majority of these children neither understood the purpose of their protest nor the message on the placard; you must go through an established process to remove a party’s national chairman if at all there is need for it. “The immature behaviour exhibited in luring adolescent children who should have been in their various schools and who are not card-carrying APC members, not only denigrates the image of President Buhari, it was ridiculous and demeans our party,’’ Emokpaire said.