Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Supreme Court has adjourned the hearing of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and Emeka Ihedioha’s application to review its earlier decision on the Imo State governorship election till March 2, 2020. In a brief ruling, a 7-man panel of the apex court, led by the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Justice Ibrahim Muhammad, granted the request for an adjournment. 2. Tony Iwelu, the Chief Security Officer of the Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amaechi is reportedly dead. Reports said Iwelu was electrocuted in a hotel in Kaduna State. 3. Unidentified gunmen have murdered an Assistant Director attached to the State House, Laetitia Naankang Dagan in Abuja on Tuesday. 47-year Ms. Dagan from Plateau State, worked in her office on Monday till 8pm, but by 11pm, she was gruesomely murdered in her apartment by unknown persons in FCT. 4. A community in Chibok Local Government Area of Borno State, Korongilum has come under heavy attack by the Boko Haram sect. Sources said many houses were set ablaze by the attackers, who stormed the village on Tuesday evening. 5. The United States of America ambassador to Nigeria, Mary Beth Leonard, has said the recent visa ban to Nigerians will be reviewed if certain conditions are met. Speaking during a courtesy visit to the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, in Abuja, on Tuesday, Leonard explained that the US wants Nigeria to sort out problems with information sharing before the ban would be reviewed and possibly lifted. 6. The Presidency on Tuesday said sacking service chiefs would create cracks in the country and threaten national unity. According to the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha there were processes that should be followed in the disengagement of heads of security agencies insisting that “at the right time, those processes will be followed.” 7. President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Tuesday urged security agencies to beef up security at the National Assembly. Lawan at an emergency closed-door meeting the Senate leadership had with top security officials, stated that he had received reports of security threat to the assembly complex. 8. The House of Representatives has described the inability of planes to land at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport Lagos, leading to flights diversion to neighbouring countries as embarrassing. The House, at the plenary on Tuesday, resolved that both the airlines and the Federal Government, through the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency, should be responsible for the compensation of passengers inconvenienced by the development. 9. The Kogi State Police Command has confirmed the abduction of another set of 12 persons in Itobe/Ajegu community in the Ofu Local Government Area. The state Police Public Relations Officer, DSP William Aya, said the victims were travelling from Warri in a Toyota Hiace bus when they were abducted. 10. The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation has said the nation lost about $750m to crude oil theft in 2019. The Group Managing Director, NNPC, Mallam Mele Kyari, who disclosed this on Tuesday, decried the growing activities of oil thieves and pirates which he described as a threat to the operations of the corporation.