Panic on Saturday gripped Ado Ekiti, capital of Ekiti state, as a suspected bomb explosion rocked Ekiti state old government Secretariat. The explosion, according to information made available to DAILY POST occurred around 7.05 am and shook some buildings located two kilometres away causing panic among residents. The old government secretariat is located at Oke Ori Omi area of the metropolis, it also houses the ministry of local government and chieftaincy affairs. The explosion is reported to have emanated from the Ordinance Explosive Disposal Department (EoD) of the Ekiti Police Command, situated within the premises of the secretariat popularly called old governor’s office. Reports from residents indicate that the sound of the explosion reverberated as far Okesa, Okeyinmi, Irona and Ilawe road. A bungalow, housing the EoD office was reduced to rubble while the adjoining offices that housed the office of the Nigerian Union of Journalists, correspondents’ chapel, Ekiti chapter was also affected. All the offices around the area were affected, with their louvre blades and glasses shattered to pieces while the asbestos and polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) ceiling, doors and windscreen of vehicles parked around the offices were also removed and scattered . As of 10.00am, the police Commissioner, Mr Asuquo Amba and officers of the anti bomb squad were still removing some of the explosive materials from the area. Governor Kayode Fayemi and the Deputy Governor, Chief Bisi Egbeyemi, also visited the site of the explosion. Fayemi, however, said the EoD office shouldn’t have been located in the area, saying : “it ought to be in a far distance. The CP while addressing newsmen at the site of the bomb blast added that he suspected that the explosion was caused by counter terrorism accessories kept in office. He said: ” Let my men from anti bomb department check around. Officers of the anti bomb are combing the place as you can see. “This is the office where they keep detonation accessories. The explosion must have been caused by equipment kept in their stock house. “The area has been cordoned off. We are going to devise means of ensuring improvement in the stocking of these equipment next time. “We are happy that there is no loss of life, no casualty. Some of these devices are used to detect bombs and to detonate it . Some of them used to detonate on their own and that must have caused the explosion, Amba stated. A statement signed by the Commissioner for Information, Muyiwa Olumilua , shortly after the incident , said: “an explosion was reported earlier this morning at the Explosives Ordnance Disposal (EOD) office in Ado Ekiti. “An initial on -the- spot assessment confirms that there are no casualties and the area is secured with no further threats. “Members of the public are advised to go about their normal duties”, the statement said.