Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A man suspected to be a suicide bomber gained access into the Living Faith Church’s auditorium at Sabon Tasha in Chikun Local Government Area of Kaduna State on Sunday, scaring worshipers. Having a device suspected to be improvised explosive device (IED) in his bag, the suspect was caught and his bag searched after he was monitored on close circuit television (CCTV). 2. The General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, Pastor Enoch Adeboye on Sunday led a massive protest against the insecurity situation across the country. Adeboye and the protesters started the march at about 11am shortly after the church service at RCCG’s National Headquarters in Ebute Metta, Lagos State. 3. The immediate-past Secretary to Government of the Federation (SGF), Babachir Lawal, has named the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, as the best man to replace President Muhammadu Buhari when his tenure ends in 2023. Lawal also said it was not enough for the South East to keep crying over being marginalised, but has to stand up and work for it, if they want to produce a President. 4. The Senior Pastor of Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Pastor Paul Enenche has said that there is an ongoing war in Nigeria. He spoke while lamenting the level of insecurity in the Northern part of the country, which has led to the death of Lawal Andimi, Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria in Michika Local Government Area of Adamawa State and some university students. 6. The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Kogi State chapter, has urged President Muhammad Buhari to take decisive actions to save lives and stop the killing of innocent Nigerians across the country. The state chairman of the association, Dr John Ibenu made the call on Sunday at a press conference at Chapel of Freedom International, Lokoja, to mark the three-day prayer and fasting declared by the CAN National President, Dr. Samson Ayorinde. 7. Fire on Sunday gutted the office of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, in Ogidi, Idemili North Local Government Area of Anambra State. Reports said the fire started at about 12:30 pm from a burning bush near the building housing the commission, gutting parts of the office, while firefighters battled to save what was left of it. 8. The Police have arrested twenty-four suspected cultists during initiation of new members at the Ashaka area in Ukwuani Local Government Area of Delta State. The suspects had just arrived in Ashaka from Ubulu-Okiti when Police arrested them based on information. 9. Rev. Father Andrew Ihonda-Ovienloba of St. Andrew’s Catholic Church, Aruogba in Oredo Local Government Area of Edo State has disclosed that robbers broke into his office and stole a huge amount of money belonging to the church. Ihonda-Ovienloba, who made the disclosure during Sunday mass in the church, added that the robbers did a ‘very neat job’, indicating that they might probably be people who were familiar with the environment. 10. Three staff of the Special School for the Blind and Deaf in Ikoro Ekiti, Ijero Local Government area of Ekiti State, Friday lost their lives in an auto crash. Eyewitness revealed that many occupants of the vehicle sustained various degrees of injuries in the fatal accident .