Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Sunday declared that his government has weakened Boko Haram. Buhari, in a statement by his spokesman, Garba Shehu, condemned the attack on Garkida in Adamawa State, assuring that no part of Nigeria would be abandoned. 2. Millions of Christians across the Diocese of Roman Catholic Church in Nigeria have concluded plans to come out on Wednesday, 26th of February in all black attires during the procession of Ash Wednesday to show their grievances over the killings in Nigeria and the insecurity situation of the country. The Church has also mobilised its members all over the world to pray for the current insecurity challenges of the country. 3. Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai, has said that the Presidency should rightly return to the Southern part of the country in 2023. El-Rufai told newsmen during the weekend that it would be unjustified for the North to seek to retain the Presidency after President Muhammadu Buhari might have completed his eight years. 4. South West Governors’ Forum Chairman and Governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu, has declared that the establishment of South West Security Network, codenamed, Operation Amotekun, is not an attempt to secede the region from Nigeria as being rumoured. He said those believing that Operation Amotekun was initiated to ensure the South West secede from Nigeria are enemies of the nation, adding that such individuals will be disappointed when the new security outfit becomes operational. 5. The Ogun State Police Command says the footballer that was killed on Saturday was knocked down by a hit-and-run driver and not by a policeman as widely reported. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, who made this known in a statement made available to newsmen on Sunday in Abeokuta, added that the footballer was also arrested for wearing a military cap and not on suspicion of internet fraud. 6. Ebonyi State Governor David Umahi, on Sunday, announced the sack of two of his aides – the Coordinator of Ubeyi Development Centre, Uche Ibiam; and Ogbonnaya Ibiam (Jr), who was his Technical Assistant on Security over their alleged involvement in the killing of one Enyinnaya Ibiam, a Peoples Democratic Party member in the state. They were accused of masterminding the violence that broke out in their ward in Unwana Community, in the Afikpo North Local Government Area of the state on Friday during the PDP councillorship primary election, during which Ibiam was reportedly killed. 7. The Director General of the Progressives Governors’ Forum, Salihu Lukeman, has in a memo addressed to the Chief Bisi Akande-led All Progressives Congress National Reconciliation Committee fingered the APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole, as the source of the party’s woes. According to the document sent to reporters in Abuja on Sunday, the PGFDG noted that when the APC came on board, it successfully minimised the problem of imposition of candidates, at least for the 2015 elections. 8. A Federal High Court in Abuja has issued a bench warrant for the arrest of a Principal Manager with the National Identity Management Commission, Ms Jamila Muhammed, for failure to appear in court over allegations of corruption. A statement from the spokesperson for the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences commission, Rasheedat Okoduwa, said the NIMC manager and a former Director General of the Security and Exchange Commission, Mounir Gwarzo, were being prosecuted by the commission over their complicity in the N12.8m contract scam. 9. Residents of Garkida town in the Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State were on Sunday fleeing the area, following a fresh threat by the Boko Haram insurgents to attack the town. A resident of Garkida, in an interview with the Hausa service of the British Broadcasting Corporation, monitored in Kaduna on Sunday, said the insurgents had threatened to launch another attack on the town. 10. Gen. Yakubu Gowon (Rtd), former Nigeria Head of States and National Chairman of ‘Nigeria Prays’ on Sunday, led a prayer rally against killings, Boko Haram attacks in North East region and Nigeria at large. Gowon, speaking during the one-day prayer rally held in Bauchi , lamented about the issues of terrorism, insurgencies and various kinds of insecurity reigning in the North East zone and Nigeria at large.