A Federal High Court, Asaba has jailed Tonwerigha Oyintonbra Tombrown to 66 years imprisonment without an option of fine over €55,000 fraud. DAILY POST learnt that the convict defrauded Izabela Glogowska under the pretext of paying it into her Perfect Money online account. But Tombrown on November 9, 2016 had pleaded not guilty upon arraignment by the Port Harcourt Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. EFCC Acting Spokesman, Tony Orilade who disclosed this in a statement in Abuja explained that the convict was prosecuted on thirty-three count charge, bordering on impersonation and obtaining money by false pretence. In another twist, the anti-graft agency said the convict later in February this year switched gear and pleaded guilty to all the charges. One of the charges reads: “That you Tonweirigha Oyintonbra Tombrown (alias Michael Freeman, Yoshinaka corporation) on or about the 8th day of May 2015, at Warri, Delta State, within the jurisdiction of this honourable court, with intent to defraud, did present yourself as one Michael Freeman a famous online trader and obtained the sum of (€5800) Five Thousand Eight Hundred Euros from Izabela Glogwoska under the false pretence that you were going to pay the said sum into Izabela Glogwoska’s Perfect Money account, a pretence you knew to be false, and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 1(1) (a) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Related Offences Act 2006 and punishable under Section 1(3) of the said Act.” Based on the convict’s later admission of guilt, it was gathered that the Prosecution counsel, A.I Arogha reviewed the facts of the case and urged the court to convict him accordingly. In his judgment, presiding Justice Nnamdi Dimgba convicted and sentenced the defendant to two years imprisonment on each of the thirty-three count charges without an option of fine. The sentence is, however, to run concurrently from August 11, 2018, the date the convict was taken into custody. He added that the EFCC should remit to the victim of the fraud, the sum of €30,475 being part of the proceeds of crime, which the convict had returned through the Commission in the course of investigation and prosecution of the case. Man bags seven-year jail term over N32m fraud Ex-New Prudential Bank MD, Abudu bags 2-year jail term over N195m fraud Court jails man over N71m oil fraud