The country home of a political leader of Okigwe zone in Umueze I in Ehime-mbano local government area of Imo state, Chief Tony Chukwu is currently being besieged with different aspirants of the vacant Okigwe Senate seat barely 48hours after Benjamin Uwajumogu’s burial. DAILY POST gathered that apart from a former Senator, Ifeanyi Araraume whose body language has indicated his interest to contest, many other contenders have joined the race. In a stakeholders’ meeting held yesterday at the residence of Chief Tony Chukwu, political leaders from across the six LGAs, including the Minister of State for Education, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba were present. The meeting, according to our findings, ended in stalemate as leaders from various LGAs want the slot given to them. The immediate past speaker of Imo state House of Assembly, Acho Ihim said that Okigwe Local government where he hails from is the parent LGA in the zone and has long been marginalized. He asked that the slot be given to the area. Chief Longers Anyanwu of Obowo LGA, while speaking, said that the major problem of the zone is Isiala-Mbano where a former Governor of the state, Ikedi Ohakim and Senator, Ifeanyi Araraume hail from. He insisted the area has benefitted so much from any government in power, adding that the current speaker of Imo House of Assembly, Chiji Collins is also a son of Osuama in Isiala-mbano. Similarly, leaders from Ihitte-Uboma said that Uwajumogu’s soul will be reposed if he is replaced by a son of the area to complete his remaining years. Meanwhile, some of the resolutions reached at the meeting were that the zone would write a letter to the president, Muhammadu Buhari commending him for appointing a son of Okigwe zone, Chukwuemeka Nwajiuba and a daughter, Gloria Akobundu in his government. In the same vein, they unanimously agreed to pay a courtesy call on the Governor of Imo state, Senator Hope Uzodinma to pledge their unalloyed support for his government. Our reporter further gathered that Nnamdi Obiareri, Mark Uchendu, Chikwem Onuoha, Eze Okoro and many others have joined the race. The meeting was attended by all the political leaders in the area except Senator Ifeanyi Araraume and Ikedi Ohakim who are from Isiebu and Okohia in Isiala-mbano LGA, respectively.