All may not be well with the Ogun State chapter of the African Democratic Congress (ADC) as two State House of Assembly members boycotted a meeting convened by the lawmaker representing Yewa North and Imeko-Afon Federal Constituency, Hon. Jimoh Olaifa. The meeting, which held at Ayetoro, Yewa North Local Government Area of the state, on Saturday, was shunned by the duo of Hon. Adegoke Awoso and Hon. Haruna Egungbohun. Both lawmakers represent Isokan and Ketu State Constituencies of Yewa North local government respectively. Our correspondent reports that ADC members, who refused to defect from the party were at the meeting with Olaifa. DAILY POST earlier reported that the governorship candidate of the party in the state, Gboyega Nasir Isiaka, had defected to the All Progressives Congress (APC). It was also reported that lawmakers, who won their elections under the platform of the ADC, did not defect to the Dapo Abiodun faction of APC with Isiaka. However, our correspondent gathered that Olaifa and the lawmaker representing Imeko-Afon State Constituency, Hon. Jemili Akingbade, had in a way deserted Isiaka, as they held a meeting with the Lagos West Senator, Olamilekan Adeola, allegedly to join forces with him. Adeola, it was learnt, is going to Ogun State to contest in 2023, after failing to achieve similar ambition under former Governor Ibikunle Amosun in 2015 and 2019. Speaking about his reasons for not attending the meeting, Hon. Adeyanju said he was not in the know of the purpose for the meeting and the urgency. According to the Assembly member, he got wind of the meeting through the Legislative Aide of Hon. Olaifa, Mr. Wale Junaid. He, however, faulted the manner in which the meeting was communicated to him. “Hon. Olaifa did not talk to me about the meeting and I do not know the agenda of the meeting. How would it sound if the LA of Hon. Olaifa just called me on phone for a meeting and I just jump into the vehicle. No, I should do things that I can defend if asked. Hence, attending an impromptu meeting may not speak well of me in case of future references. “Just a week ago, they attended a meeting without informing the two of us. They hardly carry us along. So, people should have nocturnal meetings, agree on something and then ‘railroad’ me into its implementation? “We are not fighting anybody. We are still in the ADC. We still believe in the leadership of the party, but we must not be playing the divide-and-rule game among ourselves,” he said. On his own part, Hon. Egungbohun decried the manner the meeting was convened without his involvement, despite being an elected lawmaker on the platform of the ADC, and by extension a leader within the State constituency. He said Hon. Olaifa ought to have met with all the stakeholders in the constituency to chart a course for the meeting. The lawmaker, however, maintained that all was well within the party. His words: “As an elected member in the house, I don’t think there is supposed to be any meeting without carrying us along. Remember, we are, in our own rights, leaders within the party in the said constituency. For a meeting to be held, there must be an agenda that the meeting would be about. “A lot of people in my constituency are not happy with the way things are going and I think I’m not too. If there must be a meeting, all stakeholders must know the reason for it. Assuming my people ask me about the reason for the meeting, what do you want me to say? “We don’t know the purpose of the meeting and they didn’t inform us as well. I feel before the meeting would hold, we’re supposed to sit together and chart a direction for the meeting.” “We just heard that a meeting of the ADC would be held on so so so date. So, we asked if the meeting was for the Rep (Hon Olaifa) or for us. I expect the Rep to call a meeting with us before the meeting would be held.”