The Senator representing Borno South in the National Assembly, Ali Ndume, has expressed optimism that the war against Boko Haram may soon be over. Ndume explained that the Army situated in the Northeast are currently chasing Boko Haram members to their “enclaves” and operational bases. The former Senate Leader spoke to journalists on Sunday while disclosing that the Army repelled an attack on Kalla near Dabua and chased the terrorists back to their base. Ndume said the security operatives also destroyed the insurgents operational bases in the area. He said: “On Saturday night, Boko Haram insurgents attacked Kalla, a village near Dabua. The Army Brigade there responded promptly. This time around, they did not only repel the insurgents, they also went after them. “Up till Sunday afternoon, the military personnel are still chasing the insurgents. The Brigade Commander said they have chased them to their enclaves and recovered some arms, and other dangerous weapons. He said the soldiers have also killed many of the insurgents. “The Soldiers are still chasing the Boko Haram insurgents to their permanent bases where they are operating from. If the soldiers continue in that manner, insurgency will not only be defeated, but would come to a complete end. “What the soldiers have done is to remove the roots from a tree. I want to commend the Nigerian Army for responding quickly to the villagers’ distress call, and by extension, call on Nigerians that they should intensify the fight against insurgency. “Other army formations have been given the order not only to repel the insurgents but to take the fight to the operational base of the insurgents. “That is what also happened in Askira Uba last week when the insurgents went there to attack the people. The armed forces took the fight to them and advance to where they can.” Ndume’s disclosure is coming at a time when the Theatre Command of Operation Lafiya Dole had vowed to end the activities of the Boko Haram terrorist group in the country. Olusegun Adeniyi, Theatre Commander of Operation Lafiya Dole had made the declaration while insisting that terrorists would never be allowed to get hold of any part of the country again.