Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has joined voices with those calling for the immediate resignation of President Muhammadu Buhari. DAILY POST reported earlier that Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe, had while contributing to a debate on the deteriorating security situation in the country on the floor of the Senate, called on President Buhari to resign, adding that the present administration had failed to proffer solutions to the high rate of insecurity across Nigeria. In a reaction to the call, the Presidency, dismissed Abaribe as an “arm chair critic” describing the comment as “foolish.” Adding to the calls, Bamgbose, said there is no doubt that the insecurity in the nation is assuming a new dimension. According to the senior lawyer, it’s really alarming that on daily basis, the press reports stories of kidnappings, killings, abductions, destruction of properties. He told DAILY POST on Saturday that “It’s quite unfortunate that Buhari’s government has failed woefully to tackle this menace. “It’s against this background that the call by Abaribe for Buhari to resign is overdue and justifiable. President remains the Chief Security Officer of the nation and he should take responsibility for the intractable security crisis in the country. “The unfortunate thing is that most of the victims possibly voted for Buhari believing that as a former military officer, he should be a in better position to effectively checkmate the wave of insecurity. “The call by the Reps for Buhari to sack the service chiefs was out of fear. The blame for insecurity should be on the President. It’s quite unfortunate that the National Assembly has become toothless bulldog. “They seem to be unconcerned because they are always being followed by security men. To be sincere I don’t have confidence in the National Assembly. They are very docile. “Some of those who voted for them are victims. This is unfortunate. One would have expected that by now they should have invited Buhari to clearly address them on this issue of insecurity. “The primary responsibility of Buhari is to secure lives and property, if he fails in this area, he should quietly bow out. After being in the saddle for almost five years, nothing has really changed. “After going through the reactions of Nigerians to the Garba Shehu and Femi Adesina on social media, I was delighted to know that even the Northerners are tired of Buhari. “They are badly hit and they really showed their disaffections. Buhari has certainly lost his credibility and reputation even in the North. I’ll advise our President to buckle up or resign.”