A Federal Road Safety Corp (FRSC) member, Cross River State Command, James Itekim, on Tuesday, narrowly escaped death after he was knocked down by an unlicensed driver. The incident, DAILY POST gathered occurred on Tuesday along the Murtala Mohammed Highway near the popular Calabar-Calabar roundabout at about 7am. An eyewitness, a taxi driver, who declined giving his name, said that the incident occurred when Marshals of the FRSC were carrying out their regular routine checks of vehicle particulars. He said “The Marshals were carrying out their regular duty of stopping vehicles and checking their particulars and other things along Calabar-Calabar roundabout when one of the drivers just drove on top speed and knocked down one of the men. “The Marshal in question was seriously injured with fractured bones on the face and leg, I hope he survives because the suspect hit him at a very close range. “He was not stopped directly, he was supposed to slow down like other vehicles, I believe his papers were not complete and out of fear he drove recklessly and made a very stupid move by speeding and knocking down the marshal in the process,” he said. A source at the FRSC Headquarters of the Command, who pleaded anonymity, said the culprit has been arrested and was now cooling his heels at the police station. “The injured Marshal has been hospitalised, his facial bone was fractured and his leg too, he need urgent surgery as we speak to prevent further damage. “We have insurance coverage for such occurrence but we also want the police to do their own investigation and charge the suspect to court, we are not the ones to determine what will happen, but the law should take its course.” The victim, our reporter was told was in a very serious critical condition. “As we speak, the victim was under serious critical condition. The driver has been arrested and his vehicle impounded. He was reckless because he has no licence and was trying to run away. When we contacted the Police Public Relations Officer, Miss Irene Ugbo, she refused to pick her calls but a Police source who pleaded that his name should not be mentioned, said that the suspect was detained at Akim Police Command.