Former Watford coach, Quique Sanchez Flores, has warned Manchester United that Odion Ighalo will need “one month to recover full rhythm”. Flores worked with the Nigerian striker at Vicarage road, where he netted 39 goals across two-and-a-half seasons, with 16 of those coming in the Premier League. Ighalo has signed a six-month loan deal with United and arrived in the UK over the weekend from Chinese side, Shanghai Shenhua. “Mainly, the problem is how they train in China. It is not the same as in England. “Is he really ready for first-team matches in the Premier League because the physical difference is so big? He probably needs one month to recover the full rhythm. “The good thing is he knows his body well, works hard on injury prevention and he is always working after training. “I should say, also, that I felt in China, he gave exactly the same effort and quality as he gave me four years ago. We had the feeling in China that he could recover a high level with any team in Europe,” Flores told The Athletic. Flores however believes that Ighalo will prove to be a good addition to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad. “I have an amazing impression of the player. I fell in love with him. As a guy, he’s professional. He’s a straight arrow. As a person, his life is private. He has strong Christian values and he is respectful. “As a player, it is difficult to explain Ighalo. His first quality is he can protect the ball and he gives time to the team to get up the field and win the second ball. It’s so difficult to get the ball from him. He’s stronger than he looks. “Four years ago, when we put ball in the space, he was also super fast. Now, with five years difference, he is a bit different… but he will always be fine in a physical battle. “We played him up front in a two with Troy Deeney and they knew each other inside out but he is absolutely fine to play as a lone frontman, too. One of his most valuable qualities is that his team-mates very quickly learn his strengths and he adapts very well,” he added.