Catholic faithful in Imo State, Wednesday during the marking of ‘Lenten Period’ known as ‘Ash Wednesday’, wore black attires to Church to protest against rising insecurity in the country. This followed a directive recently given by Catholic Bishops Conference after a meeting. DAILY POST reports that the black attires brandished by Christians across the country was to protest against the incessant killings by the Book Haram insurgents and Fulani Herdsmen. A parishioner, who gave his name as Augustine Diala, said that it was worrisome that Nigerian leaders seem not to have regards for the people whom they swore to protect. Mr. Augustine, who worships at St. Michael’s Catholic Parish Amakohia in the state, further accused the leaders of intentionally strangulating the people through bad governance. He recalled the extra judicial killings of Nigerians especially the clergies by the Boko Haram insurgents. “The black attires you are seeing is to show that our people are not happy with the killing going on in the country. We have a government that promised us change, unfortunately, what we are seeing is the reverse. “We Christians condemn this inhuman acts. It has to stop and stop permanently. “The President should rise up to the occasion because everybody is looking up to him. We have had enough of this and we are fed up.” Meanwhile, the archbishop of Owerri archdiocese, A. J. V Obinna has called on Roman Catholic faithful in the state to leverage on the Lenten period to reflect over their life, appealing to the leaders to apply human face in governance. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Ash Wednesday: Christians to dress in black attires to protest killings in Nigeria Killings in Nigeria: Catholic Bishop begs international community Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Monday morning