The Director-General of the Voice of Nigeria, Mr. Osita Okechukwu has commended Malam Nasir Elrufia, Governor of Kaduna State, “for honourably and patriotically joining the advocacy for the continuation of the rotation convention which midwifed the 4th Republic Nigeria.” This is coming after the Kaduna Governor advocated for a power shift in the North upon the expiration of President Muhammadu Buhari’s tenure in 2023. Reacting on Monday, Okechukwu told DAILY POST that “I am impressed when I read in one of the national newspapers, Malam Nasir El-rufia’s support for the continuation of the rotation convention which midwifed our 4th Republic and no doubt cemented equity, natural justice and good conscience. I sincerely commend and thank him immensely.” The VON DG added that “To me, this is a patriotic statement from one of the most qualified northerner, who ordinarily could have placed personal interest above the equity, natural justice and good conscience, which the rotation convention engenders. His selfless stance is why one commends him for his uncommon patriotism. Malam Elrufia no doubt is eminently qualified as one of the most performing governors in this dispensation.” Reminded that Malam Elrufia didn’t mention which of the south the rotation should go to, Okechukwu said, “the most important thing is that Malam Elrufia as a major political actor, foremost northerner, foundation member of the APC, and a Buharist, joining the agitation for continuation of the rotation convention of presidency from north to south is a vital plus, plus. “All we of the southeast is adding is that we deserve the Falae/Obasanjo model, where the two main candidates should come from the two dominant political parties -APC and PDP. For in the southern belt, Ndigbo or the southeast in particular is the only geopolitical zone which has not presided over over Nigeria since the advent of the rotation convention. All equity and good conscience perspective agree that it’s the turn of Ndigbo.” On the issue raised by some prominent politicians like Isa Funtua that Ndigbo are not in the mainstream and are agitating for secession, and therefore should not count themselves when the issue of president is being discussed, Okechukwu insisted that “The southeast or Ndigbo are core foundation members of both the APC and PDP, so nobody should use that as an excuse. We are uncountable in all the political parties and have eminent members. “Otherwise how many Yorubas voted for Chief Olusegun Obasanjo In 1999? On the issue of agitation for secession, God knows that the agitators are the fringe elements of the southeast mainstream. “The main question is which ethnic group invests in other geopolitical zones more than Ndigbo? None, we live and invest in all the nooks and crannies of our dear country. We are true patriots and deserve all the laurels due to us. Nigeria president of Igbo extraction will signal the end of the civil war.”