Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday, sentenced Olisa Metuh, a former National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to seven years in prison for money laundering and criminal diversion of funds to the tune of N400 million. Justice Okon Abang handed down the sentence in his judgement on seven counts brought against Metuh and his company, Destra investment, by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). 2. The Osun State House of Assembly, on Tuesday, held a public hearing on the proposed death penalty for kidnappers, as a response to ravaging insecurity in the state. The parliamentarians unanimously agreed that whoever was found culpable of kidnapping should be sentenced to death, which elicited applause from different groups at the event. 3. The Assistant Inspector-General of Police in charge of Zone 2, Ahmed Iliyasu, has approved the dismissal of one Olaniyi Ogunsoro, an Inspector with the Abeokuta Zonal Intervention Squad of Special Anti-Robbery Squad, who was the policeman involved in the death of the Sagamu-based footballer, Kazeem Tiyamiyu, on Saturday. Report said the Ogun State Police Command on Monday, tried Ogunsoro and found him guilty of conducts considered to be unprofessional and thereby recommended his dismissal. 4. The Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Abubakar Adamu, on Tuesday, ordered closure of all Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) satellite offices. Adamu, who announced the scrap when he accompanied Governor Dapo Abiodun, on a condolence visit to home of the deceased Vice-Captain of Remo Stars, ordered that all activities at the satellite offices should be handed over to Commissioners of Police in the state. 5. A staff of the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC) was stabbed to death on Tuesday afternoon in Kabusa, Abuja, while one escaped with different degrees of injuries following an attack by assailants. The AEDC workers were on duty disconnecting the electricity of customers who failed to pay their bills when a man attacked them from behind. 6. Aminu Abdullahi Shagali, member representing Sabon Gari constituency, has resigned his position as Speaker of the Kaduna State House of Assembly. Shagali, who informed the House of the decision on Tuesday morning in a handwritten letter personally signed by him, cited personal grounds as reasons for his resignation. 7. The Kano State Hisbah Board has arrested one Hauwa Ali for allegedly marrying two husbands. Public Relations Officer, Alhaji Lawan Fagge, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday, said the woman was apprehended after her first husband, Bello Ibrahim, 45, who was critically ill and taken to his village for treatment, reported the case. 8. Security has been reinforced to salvage the rising tension on the Rumuola-G.R.A axis of Aba road between some members of Bureau D’change and officials of the Rivers State taskforce on Illegal street trading and motor parks. An old man identified as, Alhaji Yusuph was said to have died during a fracas with the taskforce officials. 9. At least, one person has been confirmed dead, while four others escaped with varying degrees of injuries in a road mishap that involved a commercial bus and a motorcycle in Mbosi junction, Ihiala Local Government Area of Anambra State on Tuesday. The incident, which happened at about 12:30hrs on Tuesday, saw a crash involving the shuttle bus with registration no. WER 858 ZS and a motorcycle with registration no. MGD-708 QJ ridden by a man who is popularly known as ‘Action’ in the area. 10. The All Progressives Congress, APC, in Lagos State has said its national leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is qualified to be the president of Nigeria in 2023. The newly-elected Secretary of State Party, Lanre Ogunyemi (Secretary) at a press briefing in Lagos to unveil newly elected executives, said the former governor has a right to aspire to be president in 2023 whether he has informed the party or not. Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Tuesday Morning Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Thursday Morning Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Wednesday morning