The Federal Government of Nigeria has responded to a recent report by the Amnesty international about killing and burning of houses by the military. The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) had recently accused Amnesty International (AI) of a campaign of calumny targeting the Nigerian Military and deliberately supporting the callous acts of terrorism perpetrated by Boko Haram Terrorists (BHTs) and Islamic State of West African Province (ISWAP). Addressing newsmen in Abuja on Thursday, the Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed warned that Amnesty International not to cast themselves in the league of Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists. Amnesty International Nigeria had earlier slammed the federal government for failing to investigate and address various right violations by military personnel and other security agencies in the country. But Mohammed said, “I’m aware that the Defence Headquarters has responded appropriately to this accusation. “The military denied razing down villages and detaining locals unlawfully; that it does not employ arson as an operational tactic; and that looting and burning of villages is the style of Boko Haram terrorists. “I will like to add that in carrying out their duties, Amnesty International should not cast themselves in the league of Boko Haram and ISWAP terrorists. “They should stop the growing practice of constantly attacking the military and casting them as the bad guys, when all they are doing is putting their lives on the line to fight terrorists who have no respect for the sanctity of life, who willfully go after women and children, who attack houses of worship without respect or allegiance to any religion. “Amnesty International should stop providing succour for terrorists by attributing their atrocities to our troops. “Our soldiers, who are defending the country, are guided by extant rules of engagement and operational codes of conduct. They should not be made to look like the aggressors here. “I am aware that the Federal Government has always taken seriously any allegation of rights violations by soldiers or other security forces. “Investigations have been carried out and culprits, if any, will be punished. And it is a continuous process.”