Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to listen to the cries of Nigerians and stop further killings by members of the Boko Haram. Giwa, while reacting to the travel ban on Nigeria by the United States on Saturday, said it was glaring to the international community that “there is serious maladministration in the governance and democracy of Nigeria.” DAILY POST reported earlier that US president, Donald Trump had imposed a visa ban on Nigeria and five countries. The proclamation, signed by President Donald Trump on Friday, is expected to take effect on February 22. However, Giwa, in a statement to DAILY POST on Saturday, described the developments as “Unfortunate”, blaming the administration of the All Progressive Party and President Buhari for handling the issue of security with levity. He said,” Can you see what they have turned the ‘Giant of Africa’ to? The attitude of Buhari’s presidency to the spate of killings shows that lives of Nigerians are not important to him. “Imagine a country where Boko Haram and herdsmen are slaughtering human beings like an animals while we have a sitting president. “I think President Buhari can still do something before February 22. He needs to openly admit and tell Nigerians that he has failed to manage the people. “He needs to speak to President Donald Trump to change his decision.You are not a good leader when you watch and allow some miscreants to be killing innocent Nigerians. “What are you still doing in that office when you are not capable to provide adequate security for the people? Why are you still holding on to power when things are falling apart? “What is currently happening in Nigeria has not happened before. How does it sound that the US includes Nigeria to the travel ban list? “I warned Nigerians that the APC and Buhari do not mean well for them. They have brought bad luck upon Nigeria, and I am sure that God will sweep them away. “It is a matter of time, the goliaths in Nigeria shall fall flat. A thief is monitoring a thief. How can you have good results when you allow northerners to be the Security Chiefs of fighting Boko Haram? “You want them to be killing themselves? God will judge them all for allowing innocent Nigerians to be killed by these sects on the daily basis. “A country where herdsmen address a press conference and nothing is done to bring them to book. These people kill innocent Nigerians every day and the government is folding its arms.”