An educationist, Mr. Clement Adebayo, has advised candidates for the 2020 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME), to be wary of unapproved institutions and unaccredited courses. Adebayo, a retired Principal and Proprietor, Success Academy, Omu-Aran in Kwara, gave the advice on Saturday in an interview with News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Omu-Aran, Irepodun LGA of Kwara. Adebayo emphasised the need for the candidates to consult widely on the genuineness of available institutions and courses before finalising their choices. According to him, experience has shown that embarking on such illegal academic venture would amount to a waste of energy and resources. “Many stories abound about students who are being denied participation in the National Youths Service Corps (NYSC) upon graduation due to their enrollment in such illegal institutions or unaccredited courses. “Scores of victims of this dastardly act are also denied their certificates upon graduation or such certificates when even presented, are rendered useless,” he said. Adebayo advised students to dedicate enough time toward studying the status of every institution and their courses, adding that they should not be carried away by the excitement of admission. “It is better to do it right at the beginning than suffering and regretting at the end. “The National Universities Commission (NUC) had, time without number, rolled out lists of unapproved institutions and unaccredited courses in institutions across the country. “So, it is the duty of every student, either already in higher institutions or seeking for admission, to do a thorough investigation on schools and their courses. “This is the only way they will not fall for the antics of these illegal school operators who are only bent on making illicit money at the expense of genuine academic standard. “Some of them (schools) will only tell you that the approval or accreditation processes are already on, but in actual sense, nothing is on ground. “So, the students need to be thorough in scrutinizing the institutions and their courses to know the truth before enrolling,” he said. Adebayo urged NUC to evolve workable synergy and work closely with JAMB in enlightening students more on the important issue. Recently, JAMB warned candidates, schools and parents against engaging in illegal transactions on the UTME. 