It was a night of glitz and glamour as Nigeria’s emerging power solutions company – Bhojsons Powerhub, a subsidiary of the Bhojsons Group launched ‘Amaze’ Power Backup solution into the Nigerian market at an exclusive event attended by its key dealers and celebrities alike. L-R: Vice President, International Business, Schneider Electric, Aditya Bhargava; Ex-Big Brother Naija Celebrity Housemate, Tobi Bakre; Chairman, Bhojsons Plc, Deepak Dalamal; Group Managing Director, Bhojsons Plc, Vishant Dalamal and Business Unit Head, Bhojsons Powerhub, Rajneesh Gupta during the launch of Amaze Power Back-Up solution at the 2020 Dealers’ Meet held in Lagos on Friday The new Power Backup solutions was unveiled amidst lots of fun and entertainment featuring Big Brother star – Tobi Bakre and Host of the day, PencilComedian who celebrated the dealers and created excitement with comedy, dance performances and competitions. The revolutionary Amaze (Inverters and Batteries) from in India, is one of the best-in-class Power Backup solutions in its segment with a pedigree of over 30 years of manufacturing excellence and category experience. L-R: Vice President, International Business, Schneider Electric, Aditya Bhargava; Chairman, Bhojsons Plc, Mr Deepak Dalamal; Ex-Big Brother Naija Celebrity Housemate, Tobi Bakre; Group Managing Director, Bhojsons Plc, Vishant Dalamal and Business Unit Head, Bhojsons Powerhub, Rajneesh Gupta during the launch of Amaze Power Back-Up solution at the 2020 Dealers’ Meet held in Lagos on Friday. Introducing the brand, Vishant Dalamal, Group Managing Director, Bhojsons Group Plc explained that the Amaze brand offers customers access to the best quality power solution manufactured with cutting edge technology in a complete package that guarantees maximum performance. “Amaze Power products are designed for young achievers who demand more in their lives. Amaze delivers more performance, more reliability, more attractive designs with consistent power, and the assurance of the quality of global manufacturing standards and 24×7 after sales service across Nigeria. The brand also has one of the most interesting aesthetic designs from France with a smooth sophisticated architecture and refined edges,” he said. Earlier in his welcome address at the Dealers Meet, Dalamal expressed profound gratitude and appreciation to the dealers for their immense support and contributions, which has seen the company grow over the years despite the difficult operating environment and challenges of the Nigerian economy as a whole. He described the dealers’ as partners and strong pillars to the continued growth of the company. “We are really excited to see and celebrate you, our esteemed business partners for your support in growing our business to where it is today. Without you all, it won’t have been possible to get to where we are,” he added.  Also speaking at the event, the Business Unit Head Bhojsons Powerhub, Rajneesh Gupta stated that Amaze offers a technologically advanced Power Back Up solution that meets the yearnings and Power Back up needs of Nigerians. “Customers in Nigeria truly deserve a comforting experience, with Amaze, a lot of money will be saved on diesel & petrol, generator repairs and other agonies that often come with the regular power outage experienced in Nigeria. The Amaze brand is more resilient, performs much better and delivers more durability,” Gupta said. “Amaze power back up products are designed to reduce electrical losses, thereby improving power savings and efficiency. They are very safe, protecting appliances by delivering safe power output even under fluctuating input conditions,” Gupta added. About Bhojsons Group Bhojsons Group is a Nigerian conglomerate with a 150 year history of serving Nigeria with world class products and services. The group has interests in varied Key economic sectors of Nigeria spanning Automobiles, Fast moving consumer goods, Consumer Durable goods, Power solutions, Packaging solutions, Polymers, Agricultural machinery, Domestic machinery and infrastructural needs for the telecom industry. About Bhojsons PowerHub Bhojsons Powerhub is an emerging power solutions division of the Bhojsons Group. The division is a one stop Power shop that specializes in the provision of the complete spectrum of power solutions, from Domestic to Industrial Generators, Inverters, Batteries, amongst other energy solutions. 