The Abia state chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC), on Monday, said the governing party is not using the Economic and Financial Crime Commission(EFCC) to achieve political points. The Abia APC stated this while reacting to viral social media reports credited to a chieftain of the party, Chief Amobi Ogah, who had called for the resignation of executives of the APC in the State over its silence on the purported discovery of public funds in the bank account of the Speaker of Abia House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Chinedum Orji by the EFCC. This came following widespread news reports that the Economic and Financial Crime Commission (EFCC)’s had interrogated the ex-Abia governor Senator Theodore Orji and son over the purported discovery of N153 billion naira alleged fraud during the latter’s administration as Abia governor. Chinedum Orji is the first son of the ex-Governor, Theodore Orji, who is currently representing Abia Central Senatorial district in the Nigeria upper legislative chamber(Senate). But, addressing newsmen in Umuahia, Abia state on Monday, the Chairman of APC in Abia, Hon. Donatus Nwankpa, said the leadership of the party cannot be stampeded by the EFCC through media warfare over purported allegations of fraud levelled against the ex- governor and the Speaker. Nwankpa said “We cannot undermine and jeopardize investigation through exhibition of “infantile radicalism” by mobilizing and then, before you know it, they go into hasty judgment”. “Yes, we read in the newspaper and APC is still waiting for the official pronouncement of the EFCC and APC is the government that occupies the centre. We cannot be among the said opposition that undermines the principles of separation of powers and the principles of true democracy as preached by President Muhammadu Buhari. “Justice hastened is justice miscarried”, while “justice delayed is justice denied”. “What we have been waiting for is the official response of EFCC. This is because, this is an investigative level and the paper said “from the authoritative source”. “We are not doubting the authenticity of the report, but we want to get it directly from the body that is statutorily given that responsibility. “After this, we also want to believe that the next step is prosecution and that is why I said “justice delayed is justice denied” and “justice hastened is justice miscarried”. “APC is not an opposition that is characterized by infantile radicalism. It is a responsible party, a party that respects all institutions of government and all arms of government. “It is not a government that is built around speculation, but a government that is very much against the exhibition of juvenile exuberance. “When APC takes this matter (up), before you know it, it will be politicized and people will think that we want to defeat our opponents through the back door when we know that Abia is already conquered by the APC, come 2023. “Nobody in PDP is a problem to APC, come 2023. APC started slowly in 2015 and by 2019, we have made a giant stride and by 2023, APC by the grace of God and the will of the people, will take over the state. “For that, we don’t need to hit below the belt, but what we know is that we are waiting for the EFCC to do its duty. We will not dictate for them, but what we know is that EFCC has a time limit to do their job and they will not keep Nigerians waiting”. He said, “EFCC is administered by responsible persons. They are selected people of integrity, impeccable character, people with conscience and dexterity to work, and people who are committed. “There is a statement we will make, the same people who are saying APC did not, will say that the party is using EFCC for politics. We want to avoid that. “What we want is to let the law take its course and we want independent, objective and professional investigation in this matter and whoever is found culpable should be brought to book. Ogah’s anger is alleged to be against the party’s inability to come out with a press statement, ever since the reign of fraud allegations in the state. He had said that if the party cannot rise up to the occasion and play its role very well, the executive of the party should have no other option than to resign honourably. DAILY POST learnt that Amobi Ogah, was a former House of Representatives aspirant for the seat of Isuikwuato/Umunneochi during APC 2018 primaries and the younger brother to the Minister of State for Mines and Steel Development, Dr. Uchechukwu Ogah.