The National Chairman of the United Progressives Party(UPP), Chief Chekwas Okorie, has berated the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) over deregistration of many political parties including his party, UPP from the nation’s democratic space. Okorie said the action of the Nigerian electoral umpire would not advance democracy in Nigeria. DAILY POST recalls that the INEC Chairman, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, had announced that the commission deregistered 74 political parties out of existing 92 registered for not satisfying the requirements of the Fourth Alteration to the 1999 Constitution. The United Progressives Party(UPP) was among the political parties winded up by INEC. However, the UPP National Chairman, while reacting to the de-registration of 74 other political parties by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), in a statement made available to newsmen on Monday, stressed the importance of multiple political parties in deepening democracy. He claimed that the electoral body was constricting its expansion in the Nigeria political space. The statement read, “The implication is very clear. INEC has disrupted the democratic project unnecessarily. INEC has a duty under the law to register political parties. There is also the provision for deregistration of political parties, which is at INEC’s discretion. In that provision, there are certain conditions that, if political parties were able to meet even one of those provisions, such political party will remain on the register of parties. “The number one provision is that the party must have a functional secretariat in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja and also have its executive, a minimum of 24 in each state and Abuja. The one INEC relied on to deregister parties talked on not winning an election in the last general election. But even in that provision, so many things were put into it to make it ambiguous. Not winning an election in the general election is one of them, just like not winning 25 percent of the votes cast in any one local government in state elections. Not winning local government chairman or councilor is another. “As we speak, 30 of Nigeria’s 36 states have not conducted their local government elections. Right now, UPP and other parties in Enugu State have finished screening their candidates and are already campaigning for local government election that will be held on the 29th of this month, but now this has happened. What the party did in Enugu State, and not just our party, is to approach the court, which gave them the go-ahead to participate in the election, and that is going to happen despite what INEC has done. “This is really a very avoidable controversy INEC has introduced, even when it has so many problems to contend with. Everybody knows that there is no level playing field for the parties to operate to be properly assessed about their performance in the election. But we thought INEC should be working hand-in-hand with stakeholders, including political parties, the National Assembly and executive arm of government to come up with a legal framework to make elections in the future credible and transparent. What is the logic in deregistering political parties, some of which are growing like the UPP, which for eight years has been making contributions to the deepening of our democracy? “Before the party was deregistered, many people were already conversant with its manifesto and what have you. So, what happens to all of that? And in the next stretch, INEC wants to register over 100 political parties, whose applications are lying with it and who are due for registration. They are due for registration because the law says if you have any application for registration, and you have verified the parties, but you fail to register it after 30 days, it would be assumed that the party has been registered. Whether they like it or not, 100 new political parties will come on stream and they will start learning the ropes, start introducing their manifesto and logos and getting people to know who they are. “Meanwhile, you have whipped all those on the ground. What about the offices they have in various states, with all the rent obligations and staff that you just cleared out in one fell swoop? It is really unfortunate that this is the kind of leadership the current INEC is foisting on the polity. INEC is destroying the development of our political culture. It is sad. “We need more than this number. If you go to the United States of America, there are more than 200 political parties. When they go for election, those who wish to go for presidential election will step forward and do so. It is not every political party that is expected to contest the presidential election. Parties can contest for even local government council. In Benin republic, they have more than 100 political parties and this is a place with a population like that of Lagos State”.