The Kwara State Police Command has denied the speculations of a kidnappers den discovered at Oko-Erin Community in Ilorin. The Police Public Relation Officer (PPRO), DSP Ajayi Okasanmi, in a statement to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Ilorin on Sunday, said there is no kidnappers’ den in Ilorin, the state capital. The state Commissioner of Police, Mr Kayode Egbetokun explained that the 12 victims who were allegedly rescued from the hands of suspected kidnappers in the area have denied being abducted. Egbetokun added that the alleged victims confirmed to the police in a statement that they were not kidnapped as being insinuated. “A statement confirmed that the police had earlier received information from the residents of Oko Erin community that there was a group of people suspected to be kidnappers in their area. “The precedence to this information is that one Rukayat Wahab, who was said to have been missing when she was sent on an errand by her mother. “And in the course of her mother searching for her, she was found in the company of the said group of people, who explained that they were networking marketers of GNLD products. “The alarm raised by her mother in the course of these events, attracted the attention of many persons, from whom the story of the people being suspected kidnappers, emanated. “On receipt of the information at the police station, detectives from ‘B’ Division, Surulere, promptly moved to the scene, which was the house of the suspected kidnappers. “The suspects were immediately taken to the Divisional Police Headquarters, Surulere, along with the purported victims of the said kidnap. “The investigations, however, revealed that the people were, in fact, marketers of the popular GNLD brand, who were carrying out networking training for interested members of the public. “The said Rukayat had, on collecting one of their marketing flyers, abandoned her errand and joined the training exercise. “This led to her mother’s assumption that she was missing and the ensuing misunderstanding and consequent events. “The matter has therefore been resolved,” the statement added.