The founder of Odufunke Memorial Hospital, Doctor Odufunke Osundare, has declared that the deadly Coronavirus has no cure but can only be prevented. Osundare said Nigerians can avoid being infected by regular intake of water, washing their hands, avoid staying in a crowded place and around those sneezing and coughing. Reacting after the disease was confirmed in Nigeria, Osundare charged the Federal Government to take preventive measures at the country’s entry points like borders, seaports and airports. Speaking with DAILY POST, the Octogenarian warned that the disease has the capacity to wide out the entire third world countries. He said: “Coronavirus will wipe away almost the whole third world because we don’t have the prevention, it has no cure. “The only preventive measure is for people to wash their hands, drink water every 15 minutes then ensure you avoid a crowded place, a person sneezing. “And because Coronavirus has no cure and its already in the country, Nigerian government should ensure it gets working infrared thermometer like in South Africa as you are entering the country they put in on you and if your temperature is higher than 35.5 you will quarantine but in Nigeria, officials will give you a form to fill while they will be asking you if you have fever, cough, headache, are you having difficulty in breathing? “What Coronavirus does is to make the nerve functionless which is called fibrosis unlike the other hemorrhagic cases but with this virus you will not be able to breath. The sum total is that wash your hands with soap and water, wear face mask, try not to touch your face.” On the use of herbal drugs, Dr Osundare said no evidence that such can cure the disease. He stressed that herbal drugs must undergo research which could last for as long as ten years, hence not an immediate solution. “We have to do research and documentation and this type of research will last for at least 10 years. Let me tell you in Nigeria we can’t do anything because we are so fraudulent,” he said. On why experts are finding it difficult to find a solutions to deadly disease within a short time of outbreak, Osundare again hinted on research. He explained that research takes a long time, adding that a lot of finances is all spent. “If you want to cure any disease, first, you must be patient or have volunteers willing to be used as samples which will be used in finding cure. Mind you its not one or two thousand but hundreds of thousands. “When the analysis is done then experts will know what drug is useful, its very difficult that is why drugs are very expensive because a lot of money is spent on research,” he said.