The leadership of the Movement for the Actualization of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) has warned the Commissioner of Police, Abia State, CP Ene Okon to stop creating needless tension in Abia State. They accused the Police Chief of making unguarded and insensitive statements on the burial of the late traditional ruler of Afaraukwu, and father of Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, HRH Eze Israel Kanu and his wife, Ugoeze Sally Kanu. He said the warning issued by the police against the presence of IPOB members during the burial was uncalled for and “borne out of cowardice and hunger to satisfy the interest of his Abuja masters that employed him.” In a statement signed by MASSOB leader, Comrade Uchenna Madu, the pro-Biafra group told the CP that “no amount of his loyalty and self stabbing sacrifices to his Abuja masters will ever earn him goodwill from Abuja. “The same anti Christian stick they used on our brother, Justice Walter Samuel Onnoghen will still be used on you. The Abia state police boss statement is full of inconsequential morale boosting of his personnel and other security agents in Abia state. “The commissioner of police is being used to create unnecessary security tension in a peaceful Abia state. The people of Afaraukwu community are peace loving peace. We have made it clear that the burial of Mazi Nnamdi Kanu’s parents is not an IPOB or Biafra event. There will be no display or flying of Biafra flags or showcasing of any Biafra insignias. Abia state police boss should go and sleep.” Madu maintained that the burial “is purely an Igbo traditional burial of Afaraukwu Umuahia for their late Eze and his wife. The security agencies should stop creating unnecessary and artificial tension in Afaraukwu Umuahia. “Ndigbo have resolved to accord Nnamdi Kanu’s parents a befitting burial as a profound traditional ruler. Their burial ceremony is not a Biafra rally or demonstration. The molestation by the Nigeria army in Afaraukwu Umuahia and the unguarded outburst of Abia state police boss will never deter Ndigbo from the burial of HRH Eze Israel Kanu and his wife.”