Workers of the Imo State Civil Guard have threatened to take to the streets of Owerri if the government continues to turn deaf ears to their repeated demands to offset their accumulated salary arrears. DAILY POST Correspondent in the state who engaged one of their staff (name withheld) yesterday at a traffic point in Owerri, got a pitiable picture of their present condition from the immediate past government dating back to July 2019. The gallant traffic controller while narrating their ordeal said they are surviving by the grace of God. “We are owed 8 months salary. This February will complete it 8 months and the government has turned deaf ears. “It started from July last year during Ihedioha’s administration. We complained to him all the time, but he did not do anything.” “Now that we have a new government, let them pay us our salary.” “We can’t feed our family. Our uniforms are in shreds, we can’t buy new ones, yet we are working.” Asked if their state Commandant, Martins Ekeh is doing well, he said, “it is not my business if he is doing well or not, my concern is that they should pay us. We are going to match to the streets soon to protest it” But in a phone interview with the state commandant, Martins Ekeh, he said that the new government has promised to clear off the salary arrears, calling on his workers to hold onto the governor’s promise. “It is true that the salary accumulated from Ihedioha’s government but since the new government has come up to us and promised to clear off the arrears, we should continue to exercise patience.” “Hopefully, we are going to receive our salary before the end of February.” The commandant urged his staff to continue working especially now that the Governor has promised to pay. He further expressed hope that the 8 months arrears will be paid complete. Workers protest non-payment of 11 months salary in Abia, blast Ikpeazu Imo street sweepers protest in Owerri, demand payment of two months salary arrears Emmanuel Onwubiko: Little things can make a difference in Imo