The management of Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, has confirmed its first case of Lassa fever. A student of the University was diagnosed with the virus. Anambra is the 21st state to record case of Lassa Fever in Nigeria. It was confirmed that the patient was on admission at the University’s clinic for some days, before she was referred to the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital. The university in a statement signed by the Head of Information and Public Relations, Chika G Ene, advised students to remain calm as the situation was under control, as those who have had primary contact with the patient were being monitored. Also the chairman, Medical Advisory Committee of the hospital, Ifeanyichukwu Ezebialu, confirming the news of the outbreak in the states said the hospital has decontaminated the ward where the patient was nursed. Ezebialu disclosed that the student has been transferred to the Virology Centre in Ebonyi State and handed over to the federal government for treatment. The statement read in part: This is to bring to the notice of the university community and the general public the one position on the recent case of Lassa fever in the institution “A 200-level student of the university who was admitted into the medical center and later discharged herself against medical advice was later diagnosed to be a case of Lassa fever at the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching hospital Amaku, Awka. “Prior to the discharge and going by the standard protocol in medical practice the ward and the conveniences were adequately decontaminated and the environment made safe for both patients and members of the medical staff. “Contact tracing has been done for both medical personnel and students who had primary contact with the index case they are equally being followed up closely to monitor for secondary transmission. “The management assures that the university community and the general public to remain calm while they go about their daily routine.” As at 24th of January, 195 confirmed cases and 29 deaths had been reported in 11 states. Other states with recorded cases of the disease are Ondo, Edo, Ebonyi, Enugu, Kano, Borno, Nasarawa, Kogi, Rivers. Abia state is also one, as well as, Adamawa, Jigawa, Benue, Kaduna, Delta, Taraba, Plateau, Bauchi, Osun and Ogun.