Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola has declared that his government is avoiding frivolous spending to give priority to payment of salaries and other emoluments of workers in the state. He said the welfare of workers remained his utmost consideration, saying the two holy books frown at owing salaries of workers. Oyetola made this known at the maiden edition of a civic engagement programme, tagged “Apero”, which was held at Ikirun, in Ifelodun Local Government Area of the state. He averred that: ” It is in the two holy books that workers should not be owed. That is why I consider payment of salaries as utmost priority before any other things. “It is after I settle workers that I can consider any other things, and we have been very consistent about that. I pray God will continue to help us to sustain this feat. “Sincerely, there is no magic in the way we manage our finance, only that we have been very careful not to give in for frivolous spending to safe more for more important things that have direct impact on the lives of the people. “We also monitor our revenue and our expenditure as well”. Reacting to a question on what his government is doing to enhance agricultural activities and ensure food security, Oyetola said there was an ongoing efforts to create access roads that link rural communities with urban centres through Rural Accessibility and Mobility Project (RAMP). He explained that construction of access roads would help rural farmers to get quick and profitable markets for their farm produce, and guarantee food security, asides provisions of subsidized farm inputs to help farmers. The Governor, however, disclosed that his cabinet would carefully study and take position on the recommendations contained in the report of committee set up to look into issues surrounding education policy in the state. He added that several recommendations in the report would be evaluated and painstakingly examined on Monday, during the weekly State Executive Council meeting to select those that are in the best interest of the populace.