President Muhammadu Buhari, on Wednesday met with governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State following killing of 30 persons by Boko Haram in the state DAILY POST reported on Sunday that the Boko Haram insurgents stormed the village at about 9:50 pm on Sunday destroying about 18 vehicles. The President in a condolence visit to Gov. Babagana Zulum commended him for providing quality leadership in the state. Also speaking, Zulum demanded that the Nigerian military take the fight to the insurgents in the Sambisa Forest and other hideouts of the terrorists. Zulum told the military authorities to aid unity between them and the civil authorities even as he urged them to change strategies used against the insurgents. “We also call on the Federal Government and the military to open opportunities for the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs), in host communities to have access to their farmlands, livestock and fishing areas so as to upgrade their livelihood. “I equally implore all the citizens of Borno to be patient, law abiding and not to forget the past. “This is very important; I call on all of you to pray, may Allah bless our leaders, bless our state and Nigeria as a whole “Your Excellency sir, between the period of March 2019 to date we have started witnessing horrific and spontaneous attacks by the insurgents which has resulted into the loss of lives and properties of our people. “We are calling upon the Nigerian military to change strategies and we can borrow a leaf from the success our military was able to hugely record in the years 2016,” he said. Governor Zulum commended Buhari for his commitment and empathy to the people of Borno. “Let me appreciate Mr President for associating with us at this our very trying moment. I am so surprised that we have forgotten the past” Zulum said. The Governor lamenting about the current sad situation in the state recalled the days before Buhari’s emergence, when 20 out of the 27 local government areas in the state were in the hands of boko haram The president was accompanied by the National Security Adviser (NSA), Maj.-Gen. Babagana Monguno, Mrs Sardiya Farouq, the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, among other officials.