Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Tungoshe community, about 20km from Maiduguri last night came under attack by Boko Haram insurgents. Villagers who called their relatives in Maiduguri said they hid in the bushes. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with families of victims of the latest attacks in Maiduguri, Borno State. He assured that his administration will continually frustrate the devilish operations of Boko Haram, and bring it to an end. 3. The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has dared the Nigerian Police, to shoot guests at the funeral of his parents on Friday. The IPOB leader in a broadcast also hinted that he would not return to Nigeria for the funeral and would be monitoring events from abroad. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari and the leadership of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have approved the membership of the party’s National Reconciliation Committee. The committee has twelve members and has former Interim National Chairman of the party, Chief Bisi Akande, as the Chairman, Governor of Niger State, Abubakar Sani Bello, Governor of Osun State, Gboyega Oyetola, Senate Leader, Senator Yahaya Abdullahi Deputy Speaker, House of Representatives, Hon. Ahmed Idris Wase, Sen. Umaru Tanko Al-Makura as members. 5. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission has arrested a 38-year-old man, Festus Abiona, who was indicted by the Federal Bureau of Investigations for his alleged involvement in internet fraud. The suspect was nabbed by the EFCC, Ilorin Zonal Office, according to a statement on Monday by the EFCC acting Head, Media and Publicity, Tony Orilade. 6. The Oyo State Government, on Monday, ordered the immediate suspension of 13 primary school headteachers, two assistant headteachers and a classroom teacher for extortion and various misconduct. The government issued the directive through the Executive Chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, Dr Nureni Adeniran, following an inspection tour of some schools in Ibadan. 7. A former Deputy Governor of Plateau State, and Senator representing Plateau South, Ignatius Longjan is dead. Longjan died on Monday, at 75-year-old in a Turkish hospital after battling an undisclosed illness. 8. Suspected Boko Haram members, on Sunday killed no fewer than 30 people, majorly late travellers in a Borno village. Villagers said the victims arrived at the military checkpoint leading into Maiduguri after the 5pm closure of the gate and had no choice but to sleep in Auno, the neighbouring village on the Maiduguri-Damaturu Highway. 9. Ekiti Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi on Monday said the bill seeking legal backing for the Western Nigeria Security outfit code-named ‘Operation Amotekun’ initiated by the six Governors in the Southwest region would be simultaneously assented to on Friday, February 14. Fayemi, who disclosed this while receiving proposal bill on Amotekun from Ekiti Attorney-General, Olawale Fapohunda, said the bill when enacted, will give the security outfits legal strengthen for sustainability. 10. A former Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mohammed Adoke (SAN), on Monday, expressed his preference to be remanded in the Kuje Correctional Centre to the custody of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission. His lawyer, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN), spoke on his behalf shortly after he was arraigned on fresh money laundering charges at the Federal High Court in Abuja on Monday.