Good morning! Heres is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A former governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha, on Wednesday, asked the Supreme Court to set aside its January 14 judgment that sacked him and declared Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress the duly elected governor of the state. Ndukwe Nnawuchi, SAN, who served as the state Attorney -General during Ihedioha’s short-lived administration, said Ihedioha and the PDP filed an application before the apex court, asking it to set aside the January 14 judgment “on grounds of nullity”. 2. The Senate on Wednesday rejected the nomination of Mr Nnamdi Anyaechie as member, National Assembly Service Commission. This followed the adoption of the report of Senate Committee on Establishment and Public Service laid at the plenary by its chairman, Senator Ibrahim Shekarau (APC, Kano Central), who said the nominee did not show up for confirmation hearing. 3. Bandits have shot down a helicopter belonging to the Nigeria Police Force. Police Public Relations Officer, Frank Mba, who disclosed this in a press statement on Wednesday, said the terrorist attacked the police using sophisticated anti-aircraft rifles and General-Purpose Machine Gun, GPMG, during an operation by the police. 4. Suspected Fulani herdsmen have reportedly hacked three policemen to death along the Ugbolu-Illah Road, in the Oshimili North Local Government Area of Delta State. It was gathered that the incident occurred on Tuesday at the police checkpoint along the road while they were were trying to stop a motorcycle rider carrying two men, who refused to stop. 5. No fewer than 250 terrorists and bandits were on Wednesday killed at Ansaru Terrorist Camp in Kaduna State. DCP Frank Mba, Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), in a statement on Wednesday, said the camp was invaded by special operatives of Operation Puff Adder of the Nigeria Police backed by the Special Forces of the Police Air wing, 6. The Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) on Wednesday declared that the security situation in Nigeria required a desperate action. NSCIA while reacting to the insecurity situation in the country, urged government to urgently deploy intelligence to uncovering the sponsors, beneficiaries and perpetrators of insecurity in the country. 7. The Court of Appeal in Ilorin has upheld the judgment of a Kwara State High Court sentencing a former Chairman of the Governing Council of Kwara State Polytechnic, Saadu Alanamu, to 12 years in prison. A statement on Wednesday by spokeswoman for the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related offences Commission, Rasheedat Okoduwa, said Alanamu was nominated for the ICPC board in 2017 but was later dropped following allegations of corruption. 8. The Nigeria Army has commenced the prosecution of nine soldiers for committing various offences through a court martial sitting in Sokoto. Inaugurating the court martial panel at the Giginya Army Barracks Sokoto, the acting General Officer Commanding, 8 Division, Brig. Gen. Aminu Bande, said, “The conduct of military trials is to deal with matters that pertain directly to the discipline, efficiency and morale of the military. 9. A police inspector, Okon Essien, who was accused of extra-judicial killing, has committed suicide. Report said the policeman hanged himself on Wednesday in a cell at the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department, Panti, Yaba. 10. US President, Donald Trump is off the impeachment hook. US Senators on Wednesday voted that he was not guilty of abuse of power. The vote was 52-48.