Ahead of the Local Government Elections in Enugu State scheduled for tomorrow, February 29, a team of independent election observers under the auspices of Forum of Civil Society Organisations in Nigeria, has commended the Enugu State Independent Electoral Commission, ENSIEC, for its preparedness for the exercise. The independent election observers made the commendation during a pre-election press conference in Enugu on Friday. Addressing journalists, the leader of the team, Comrade Fidelis Nweke, flanked by the team secretary, Sam Onoja, among others, said they observed that “the Enugu State Government provided the necessary logistics for ENSIEC to organize and conduct credible elections in the State without State Government interference.” Comrade Nweke revealed that their findings showed that “ENSIEC was committed to conducting free, fair and credible elections in the State by providing a level playing ground for all political parties in the State to participate in the election”. According to the observers, “Our team observed the distribution of electoral materials by ENSIEC officials to various Local Government Areas of the State. “After our consultations with various stakeholders, our team was reassured that concerted efforts have been made to create a conducive atmosphere for the elections. “We observed that the electorate in Enugu State are ready and willing to come out en-mass on Saturday 29th February, 2020 to exercise their franchise. “We commend the electoral management body, ENSIEC, for a wonderful preparation in proving all the necessary logistics and materials on time. “We commend the State Government, especially, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for taking the bull by the horn by conducting Local Government Elections in Enugu State, at a time when some State Governors are complaining of poor allocation from the Federal Government. “Indeed, the Enugu State Governor is a true democrat by ending the use of caretaker chairmen in the State and making sure that democratic Local Government chairmen and councilors are elected in Enugu State come Saturday 29th February, 2020,” the observers said. While calling on the security agencies to discharge their responsibilities diligently, during and after the elections, they called for “restriction of movement of persons and goods on election day”, stressing that “relevant law enforcement agencies should ensure compliance.”