Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Kaduna-based veteran journalist and former Secretary of the Nigerian Union of Journalists, NUJ, Kaduna State Council, Mr. Dominic Ozoh and three other persons on Tuesday evening died in a fatal motor accident on Kaduna-Zaria expressway. The Zaria Unit Commander, Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC), Abubakar Murabus-Tata, said 12 people were involved in the accident, ten persons were inside the bus while two in the truck (truck driver and his boy), adding that nothing happened to the truck driver and his boy. 2. Operatives of the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS) on Tuesday, intercepted over $8.6million at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport.
Customs Comptroller-General, Hameed Ali, at a press conference in Lagos on Tuesday, disclosed that the cash was discovered in a car and wrapped in large brown envelopes and were to be loaded into an aircraft. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday launched Nigeria’s new visa policy. The policy allows citizens of other countries to visit Nigeria without visas and would be issued same on arrival. 4. A former Majority Leader of Ogun State House of Assembly, Hon. Asiwaju Yinka Mafe is dead. Mafe, who celebrated his 46th birthday on Tuesday, February 4 gave up the ghost after complaining of chest pain. 5. The Abuja Electricity Distribution Company, AEDC, has confirmed that power cut in Bwari Area Council of the Federal Capital Territory, FTC, was a deliberate act to punish those bypassing the use of pre-paid metres. This follows a petition signed by some Landlords of the Area Councils. In the letter signed by the Secretary of the group, Benjamin Otene, the angry residents lamented that the erratic power supply in the Area Council including Ushafa, Jigo, Kpambara, Dutsen, and some other areas of the council was becoming unbearable. 6. Suspected political thugs on Tuesday, invaded the venue of a meeting of a splinter group of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Adamawa State, causing injuries to some people and breaking the screens of some cars parked at the venue. The thugs stormed the Yola residence of Dr Umar Ardo, the convener of the splinter group named Reformed PDP (R-PDP), disrupted the meeting and left six persons injured. 7. The Edo State Police Command has foiled a robbery incident along the Benin-Lagos expressway, killing one of the armed robbers in the encounter. Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, of the command, DSP Chidi Nwanbuzor, told newsmen that one of the robbers was arrested with gun injuries while others escaped with bullet wounds. 8. Residence of House of Reps member, Kabir Mai-Palace, who represents Gusau/Tsafe in the House of Representatives, was on Tuesday gutted by fire. Abdullahi Jibo, Deputy Director, Fire Prevention and Public Enlightenment of the Department, who confirmed the incident, attributed it to power surge. 9. A Federal Road Safety Corp (FRSC) member, Cross River State Command, James Itekim, on Tuesday, narrowly escaped death after he was knocked down by an unlicensed driver. The incident which occurred on Tuesday along the Murtala Mohammed Highway near the popular Calabar roundabout at about 7am left the FRSC official badly injured. 10. The Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu has declared that the ban on commercial motorcycle and tricycle popularly called Okada and Keke Napep in the state would not be reversed. The Governor spoke yesterday while launching eight locally manufactured speed boats of the state ferry services, Lagferry, in Badore Ferry Terminal, Ajah. He explained that the ban was due to security and safety reasons, hence will not be reversed.