Some high ranking chieftains of the opposition party Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Kwara State and suspended local council chairmen, moved a step further late Tuesday towards defecting to the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, with a visit to the state Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, at his residence in Ilorin. Pledging their loyalty during the visit, the PDP stalwarts showered encomiums on governor Abdulrazaq’s leadership, saying he has produced a fresh atmosphere in the State of Harmony, according to a statement by his spokesman, Rafiu Ajakaye. Obalola Suleiman, from Ifelodun Local Government Area of the state, said, “we can see a difference and people can feel that they have a government. “The situation has changed in the area of road construction, water and health. You have also brought unmatched humility to governance,” he added. Also speaking, Ben Dutoye, a former Commissioner for Information, and loyalist of Dr Bukola Saraki said, you are a silent achiever, we can see things for ourselves and we want to be a part of this success story. We can see that you are doing more work than talk. This is evident in our various communities.” Contributing at the meeting attended by top government officials, a former member of the House of Representatives and political heavyweight from Kwara North Senatorial District, Engr Yahaya Yinusa, disclosed that “the next few months would record influx of thousands of opposition figures into the ruling All Progressives Congress government due to the governor’s sterling efforts to reposition the state. One of the suspended council chairmen from Ifelodun Local Government Area, Garba Labeka, noted Governor Abdulrazaq, “unrivalled tolerance and political maturity,” declaring that he has neither stopped their salaries nor subjected them to harassment as it was the case in some other states. Responding, Governor Abdulrazaq thanked the opposition leaders for the visit, asserting that everyone remained critical stakeholders for a greater Kwara. He said, “The situation we have found ourselves in Kwara is such that all hands must be on deck to move the state forward. We need everybody on board in this task. This is why I treat everyone as fellow Kwaran. From the civil service to other sectors, my concern has been how to stabilise our state for posterity.”