The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan zonal office on Thursday said it has arrested three persons for allegedly duping an Ibadan High Chief, Lekan Balogun. Those arrested are; Babatunde Ologunja, Olusola Olaoye Babatunde and Olufemi Lawa. They were arrested for allegedly duping the Otun-Olubadan of Ibadanland, High Chief Lekan Balogun. The three suspects and others still at large were accused of conspiring to dispossess the revered Ibadan High Chief of sums running to about N300m (Three Hundred Million Naira). DAILY POST gathered that Balogun was a Senator who represented Oyo Central Senatorial District under the platform of the Alliance for Democracy in the National Assembly between 1999 and 2003. Balogun is from Alli Iwo family in Ibadan North East Local Government Area. It was gathered that Balogun’s younger brother, Senator Kola Balogun who currently represents Oyo South District in the National Assembly, had written a petition to the EFCC as ‘a ‘concerned member of the Alli Iwo family’, seeking the Commission’s intervention in smashing the syndicate and ensuring that members are made to pay for their alleged crime. The younger Balogun feared that the High Chief may have been charmed by the suspected fraudsters as he was still unable to come to terms with the reality of his situation. Kola Balogun said, “This request became necessary because we believe strongly that the victim has been hypnotized, he is not in a position to admit it and his health condition is deteriorating”. It was gathered that preliminary investigations by the EFCC into the allegations revealed that for the past four years, the suspects have consistently collected various sums of money from the High Chief. The sums, according to findings, were not attached to any particular projects and no receipts were issued to indicate the existence of any genuine transactions between the parties. As at the time of their arrest, the syndicate had received about N300 million (Three Hundred Million Naira) through bank transfers from the Ibadan High Chief. The Commission has designated for possible forfeiture four vehicles and six landed properties traced to their alleged fraudulent activities. The EFCC is still on the trail of their fugitive partners, as further investigations are underway.