A pro-President Muhammadu Buhari group, PMB Solidarity Movement has declared that the people of the South-East must show availability to realize their quest to produce Nigeria’s president of Igbo extraction. They made the declaration during the inauguration of the Enugu State chapter of the group, where Comrade Adolphus Ude emerged as State convener. There have been clamours for the next President of Nigeria to emerge from Igbo land when Buhari’s tenure expires in 2023. However, Patron of the PMB Solidarity Movement and a former guber candidate in Enugu State, Rev. Oscar Egwuonwu said it was not enough for the Igbo to show ability. He said for the Igbo to realize the 2023 presidency, “it is not about ability but about availability; we need to be available, we need to come all out.” On the reason behind the Buhari Movement, Egwuonwu said, “It is to continue his legacy when he is out and for the Igbos to rally round and give him support everywhere. “We all have to key behind him in the anti-corruption fight for it to be effective; it is not a one-man show. “We can’t see Buhari’s work down here, our roads are being worked out now; we can see the Enugu Airport, very serious work, the 2nd Niger Bridge and all of that.” Also speaking, the South-East Convener of the Movement, Chief Abraham Iseh, represented by his deputy, Mr. Chukwudi Njelite identified some of the legacies of President Buhari to include the ongoing standardization of Akanu Ibiam International Airport, the reconstruction of Enugu-Port Harcourt Expressway and appointment of illustrious sons and daughters of the zone into his cabinet. He further mentioned the anti corruption policy of President Buhari led-federal government as a landmark achievement, which has restored the image of the country before the international community and stabilized the Naira. On his part, Ude, who is also the pioneer deputy chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Enugu State expressed optimism that they would live up to expectations. Ude, 2019 PMB Youth Coordinator in Enugu State said they had the obligation to enlighten Enugu people to que behind President Muhammadu Buhari. Meanwhile, Hon Robert Ngwu was chosen as State Secretary, Barr Maximus Ugwuoke, the Enugu state deputy Convener, Lolo Queen Nwankwo, women leader, Ambassador Ginika Tor Williams, Diaspora Convener, while Engr Ezeudo Itanyi and Hon Tony Ibekwe were inaugurated as leaders of the movement in Enugu West and Enugu North Senatorial districts of the state.