Amid controversies on the ban of begging in Kano state by Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, has faulted the position taken by some Islamic scholars. He made this observation while answering questions from the media immediately after he presented a paper at the Pre-Convocation Lecture organised by Kano State Polytechnic, on Friday. “What I am saying about this issue is, it is not appropriate for my brothers, Islamic scholars to come forth and be challenging the governor just like that. They should come and sit together to come up with solution on how to remedy the situation, on the way out,” he advised. Dr Pantami further argued that, “There is no doubt that taking those children back to school is the right thing to do, and it is beneficial to the Almajiris, their parents and the society at large. From the part of the government, as a leader, he has the responsibility of seeing how to make his people live well,” he added. Indicating his interest to be part of any discussion group about the issue he said, “And I want to be part of any such discussion, in a group form, if it appears to be raised. “We all have children. My children are with me. I feed them myself. You know feeding of children is the responsibility of their parents. If there are orphans, we know how our society is concerned and considerate to them and their condition of living. I was raised in my father’s home. I saw how orphans were also fed and being taken care of by our parents. “First and foremost, we all know that begging is not a religious activity or obligation. It is just something of necessity, for somebody to say he doesn’t have anything to feed himself, and as I know how concerned the governor is, he will not come up with a policy that will harm or destroy the life of beggars. I am sure there is a plan in place on how to assist such kind of people.” While commending the policy of free and compulsory education, the Communications and Digital Economy Minister, said “We encourage people to take their children to school to benefit from this laudable initiative. Any population that is given education will succeed in life. And the life of that society will not be wasted.” Earlier in his paper presentation for the Pre-Convocation, Dr Pantami praised the Ganduje administration for being concerned about skill acquisition for the people in the state. He was particular about the just completed Ultra Modern Skills Acquisition Centre, established by the Ganduje administration and named after the Chairman of Dangote Group, Aliko Dangote.