Pensioners of the defunct National Electricity Power Authority/Power Holding Company of Nigeria (NEPA/PHCN) now Benin Distribution Electricity Company, BEDC, from the South-South geo-political zone on Wednesday, staged a street protest creating gridlock around the city centre (King Square) and adjoining streets to demand payment of their benefit of over N25bn. The protesters said they took to the street because they have exhausted their patience in having talks with officials of the Pension Transitional Arrangement Directorate (PTAD). Carrying placards with various inscriptions, the protesters mostly elderly people, blocked the entrance to the building housing PTAD in Benin City and created some bottlenecks for the other users of the building in carrying out their duties. They alleged that dead pensioners were being paid while those alive were not getting anything. Spokesman for the protesters, Vice Chairman, South South National Union of Pensioners in the Electricity Sector, Comrade Monday Adodo, said the protest was a call to President Muhammadu Buhari to rescue them from suffering. He gave the breakdown of the N25bn pension benefit to include harmonisation arrears, N14,306,479, 450.49k, monetisation arrears, N7,072,029,6074.96k and year 2000 retiree/retirement benefit which amounted to N3,037,607,883.08k.  Adodo stated that the pension benefit was with the Nigeria Electricity Liability Management Company (NELMCO) l, which was in charge of payment of their pension and benefit until it was transferred to PTAD for settlement. He said “a letter was sent in 2017 to the immediate past Executive Secretary of PTAD, Barr. Sharon Ikeazor for necessary action but no payment has been made since then. Ikeazor promised that all pensioners would be paid at the end of the verification exercise. “Now that the verification is completed we are yet to see any change. Instead of positive result, some pensioners’ names are being removed from the payroll. “Mr. President, as much as we are aware of your disposition and concern for pensioners’ welfare nationwide, we strongly appeal to you to also look at that of NEPA/PHCN pensioners.” On their part, Pension Transition Arrangement Directive, PTAD, Cashmiar Audu, who addressed the pensioners, said their body was very much ready to assist and provide the needed information that will lead to breakthrough on the side of the senior citizens.