The panel of enquiry set up by the Enugu State Police Command in the wake of the alleged attack on a staff of the Women Aid Collective, WACOL, has indicted the non-governmental organisation. DAILY POST reports that the panel’s report was submitted to the Enugu State Police Commissioner, CP Ahmed Abdurrahman at the State Command headquarters on Monday. WACOL had alleged that policemen from the Abakpa Area Command invaded their office and beat up a female lawyer, Goodness Ibangah to stupor over ongoing investigation on a rape case the NGO reported to the police. However, the panel in its report has now come out to say that investigation showed that no one was beaten up either at the WACOL office or at the Area Command. The report was presented by a member of the panel, Barr. Onuora Okeke. The panel accused the WACOL Director, Prof. Mrs. Joy Ezeilo of misleading the public with false information. “Allegation of beating could not be substantiated. There was no form of beating or detention of any WACOL staff. No property or belonging of WACOL was also not destroyed,” the panel said. Part of the report said, “The panel’s findings did not disclose any form of dragging, beating or detention of any WACOL staff at the Area Command Headquarters Enugu on 30th January, 2020. “A closer scrutiny of testimonies received by the panel, especially the water-tight cross examination, show a great level of discrepancies on the part of WACOL as an organization, particularly in their statement issued on 31st January, 2020. “The allegation by WACOL that the investigating police officers destroyed WACOL’s office doors in the process has been discovered to be untrue. “It was further discovered in the panel’s finding that the only place the investigating police officers had squabbles, which led to dragging, was at the doorstep of wacol’s Head of Communications, Egodi Igwe. “The allegation of beating any of wacol’s staff to stupor on 30th January 2020 was found to be untrue.” It equally came hard on Ezeilo and the alleged victim of the said police brutality, Barr. Goodness for refusing to appear before the panel. “Ezeilo’s action of not attending the hearing is most uncivilized; she issued press statements without cross-checking her facts,” they further stated. It, however, said the policemen involved in the said incident acted with non-challance by not differentiating between arrest and invitation, stressing “the force on Goodness was unreasonable and avoidable. “They carried out arrest as opposed to invitation.” It recommended that the said policemen should be made to face full disciplinary measures.