Nnamdi Kanu, leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has cried out over the killing of Christians in Nigeria. Kanu called on the International Criminal Court, ICC, to take actions against the killing of Christians across Nigeria. In a series of tweets, the IPOB leader stated that the abduction of Leah Sharibu by Boko Haram, insurgents and attacks on people of the Southeast were examples of killings against Christians. The IPOB leader urged both ICC and the United States, US, State Department, and international communities to stop such atrocities. He tweeted: “When will the world take action to stop violence against #Christians in Nigeria? “The OTP of the @IntlCrimCourt’s preliminary examination of crimes against Christians in #Nigeria including #Biafrans must proceed to a formal investigation. “The abduction of Leah Sharibu is an example of the countless acts of violence that #Christians across #Nigeria, including #Biafrans, endure daily. @StateDept and the intl community must act to stop these atrocities! Boko Haram had in February 2018 abducted Leah and some students from Government Girls’ Science and Technical College, Dapchi, Bursari Local Government Area of Yobe State. Since their abduction, the terrorists have released some of the girls while holding unto Leah for refusing to renounce her fate as a Christian. A few days ago, President Muhammadu Buhari had lamented over Leah Sharibu’s continued stay in captivity over her refusal to renounce her fate. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Biafra: Lawyer drags Nnamdi Kanu to ICC, demands his arrest Give us Leah Sharibu as our Christmas gift - Northern Christian elders tell Buhari US vs Iran: Kanu reacts to killing of Soleimani, warns Nigeria