The National Assembly (NASS), Rivers State caucus, Sunday wondered why the Federal government allegedly maintained a long time of silence over the attack on the family house of a Supreme court Justice, Mary Odili. It also accused the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, of hiring political thugs who masterminded the dastardly act. Further, the lawmakers called on the International community to hold the APC and her supporters responsible should any harm befall Justice Odili or any member of her family. DAILY POST recalls that Justice Odili and wife of former Rivers State Governor, Peter Odili was among the Supreme Court Justices who delivered the verdict that invalidated the victory of the Bayelsa State erstwhile Governor-elect, David Lyon. Upon the affirmation of this controversial judgment, there has been uneasy calm in most political circles of the ruling party and, particularly the affected state. In a statement endorsed by Senator George Thompson Sekibo and Hon. Kingsley Ogundu Chinda, the caucus described the attack as an audacious act of primitivism and grave threat to democracy. It added, “the placard-carrying thugs invaded the privacy of the Odilis and erected barricades against their residence for no other reason than that Justice Mary Odili participated in the Bayelsa governorship appeal as one among a five-man panel who heard the appeal and reached a unanimous decision against the APC. “This latest wanton shamelessness constitutes a new dimension in the continuing assault against the judiciary and, once again, underlines Nigeria’s inexorable degeneration and descent into rapid lawlessness. “We recall that in 2015 Rivers State was the victim of unfavourable judicial decisions where, in literally one fell swoop, 15 out its 16 members of the National Assembly were sacked. Painful as the decisions were, there was no recourse to self-help or threat of violence against any of the Justices who sat on the appeals. “We would like to point out that Justice Mary Odili, who has been inexplicably and unfairly targeted since the Bayelsa governorship decision, was a member of other panels of the Supreme Court which gave judgment in favour of at least three APC governors who are in office today.”