President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday announced that soon no government financial transaction will be done in secret. The President revealed that with the various reform agenda implemented by his administration, all government financial transactions will soon be done in the open. Speaking during the Passing-Out Parade of Detective Inspector Course Five, of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, in Kaduna, Buhari vowed that there would be no hiding place for corrupt people under his administration. A statement signed and forwarded to DAILY POST by his Media Aide, Garba Shehu quoted Buhari as saying: “My resolve is to ensure that the reforms are deepened such that there will be no hiding place for corrupt persons and proceeds of corruption. My aim is to ensure that no government financial transaction is done in secret and all are subjected to public scrutiny. “The objective of this administration is to institute a level of transparency in governance through mainly information technology platforms. Just as advanced democracies and some developing countries, I am determined that within a short period, citizens would be able to follow core government operations online. “Our government has reached an advanced stage in Fiscal Transparency. The Appropriation Bill is placed online within hours of its presentation in the National Assembly. The Budget Office of the Federation has been engaging interest groups in the budget cycle. A pilot scheme of 10 MDAs has been test running online display of their budgets and expenditure movements.” The President stated that the Federal Government’s “commitment to online disclosure of Beneficial Owners of Companies generally within the framework of the Corporate Affairs Commission and in the extractive industries through Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) is on course.” “I am aware that the portals are ready but owners of companies are unwilling to comply with all disclosure requirements. May I use this opportunity to urge all well-meaning Nigerians to fully comply,”he said.