Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The first case of coronavirus in sub-Saharan Africa has been confirmed in Nigeria. The patient is an Italian citizen who works in Nigeria and flew into the commercial city of Lagos from Milan on 25 February. 2. The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, said a total of 28 persons who had contacts with the Italian, who was the first person that tested positive to the coronavirus have been quarantined. Gov Abiodun said the state government was leaving no stone unturned as items needed for health workers had been procured so that they can arrest the situation immediately. 3. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Friday, urged Nigerians to hold President Muhammadu Buhari responsible if Coronavirus leads to any major calamity in Nigeria. PDP said the negligence of Buhari’s administration was responsible for the entrance of Coronavirus into Nigeria. 4. Exactly 3 years after the Headquarters of Peace Corps of Nigeria (PCN) was sealed by the Nigeria Police, the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF), Mr. Abubakar Malami, has ordered that the office be unsealed, with immediate effect. Report says a letter of instruction was received from the office of the AGF Friday afternoon. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan as the substantive Head of the Civil Service of the Federation. Buhari conveyed the appointment in a statement by the Permanent Secretary (General Services Office) in the Office of the Secretary to the Government of the Federation OSGF, Olusegun Adekunle on Friday. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Friday, suspended the coordinator of the Presidential Amnesty Programme, Professor Charles Dokubo. Buhari also ordered that a Caretaker Committee be set up to review the programme and take over its running henceforth and was contained in a statement issued by the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Mr Femi Adesina. 7. Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has charged the state Livestock Guards to ensure that no herd of cattle seen openly grazing in any part of the state goes without being impounded. The Governor, who gave the charge Friday, in Makurdi while inspecting impounded cows at the quarantine unit of the state Ministry of Agriculture, said enforcement of the ranching law would continue to enable those who wish to do livestock business comply with its provisions. 8. An Italian-Nigerian footballer, King Paul Akpan Udoh has contracted the Covid-19, also known as Coronavirus. Udoh, who plies his trade with Pianese, an Italian division 3 side is the first football player to be infected with coronavirus. 9. No fewer than 13 lives were lost in multiple automobile accidents that occurred in Tashan Maiturare and Takandan Giwa all along the ever busy Bauchi – Jos road in Toro LGA of Bauchi state. Report said the first accident which occurred at about 9pm on Thursday involved a Peugeot J5 bus with another car in a head-on collision and subsequent fire which claimed no fewer than 11 victims leaving several others injured, while the second accident which occurred in the early hours of Friday involving a Vectra car, was a lone accident close to Takandan Giwa village when it swerved off the road into the bush, leaving two dead while others were injured. 10. Four people have been killed during an attack on Gurbi village in Kankara Local Government Area (LGA) of Katsina State. The Police Public Relations Officer in the state, Gambo Isah, who confirmed in a statement that the attack took place on Thursday afternoon, explained that the incident also left three other persons injured while scores of livestock were rustled after the bandits met fierce resistance by the local vigilante groups.