The Kaduna State Ministry of Health has confirmed two cases of Lassa fever in the state. The state commissioner of health, Dr. Amina Mohammed Baloni, in a statement explained that a total of 23 suspected cases have been recorded, 15 test results have come back negative. The commissioner said, “Kaduna state has recorded a total of 23 cases so far, 15 test results have come back negative but one new case has been confirmed. “However, six test samples are also pending. The new confirmed case is a 34 year old male from Kajuru local government area and he is being managed at the IDCC. “This brings the number of confirmed cases to two in Kaduna state, as the first victim has died last Sunday and has since been buried.” The statement added, “Similarly, a total number of 40 people who had been in contact with the cases are being monitored and none has shown any symptoms. However, contact listing and follow-up as well as active case search are ongoing.” The state commissioner advised the general public to continue to maintain a high level of personal hygiene and environmental sanitation and ensure that all cases of fevers are tested for malaria before treatment. The statement explained, following the Federal Government’s recent declaration of Global Public Health Emergency of International Concern, Kaduna state government is complying with the advisory on the Corona Virus Disease issued by the Minister of Health, Mr. Osagie Ehanire. The Kaduna State Ministry of Health called on the general public to wash hands regularly with soap under running water, cover the mouth and nose properly with handkerchief and tissue paper when sneezing or cough into the elbow where handkerchief is not available. “Other protective measures are, avoiding self-medication and report to the nearest health facility when experiencing any of the mentioned symptoms. “Health workers are also to observe standard infection prevention and control measures while attending to patients. They should also endeavor to take their travel history,” the advised.