The first case of Coronavirus disease has been confirmed in Nigeria. DAILY POST reported that the Nigerian government on Thursday night in a statement by the health minister,Dr Osagie Ehanire, Minister of Health said an italian citizen who works in Nigeria and returned from Milan, Italy on the 25th of February 2020. His case was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital, part of the Laboratory Network of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and is being managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital in Yaba, Lagos. Italy has recorded 12 deaths and 400 cases of infected persons. In order to avoid further spread of the viral disease, Health minister has advised Nigerians to take necessary precautions. DAILY POST has curated advice by medical experts on how Nigerians can prevent contratcting Coronavirus and and avoid further spread Symptoms of Coronavirus
*Cough`
*Fever
*Difficulty in breathing Meanwhile, some persons may not develop these symptoms and infect others. How you can be infected *When an infected person coughs or sneezes, they release droplets of saliva or mucus. These droplets can fall on people in the vicinity and can be either directly inhaled or picked up on the hands then transferred when someone touches their face, causing infection. *Staying close up to six feet to an infected person who sneezes or coughs for 10 minutes or longer. How Nigerians can stay safe *Wash your hands every time and avoid shaking hands. *Avoid eating raw animals in affected areas *Avoid touching the mouth, nose and eyes with unwashed hands after using public transport or toilet *Carry and use an alcohol-based hand sanitiser at all times “Use tissues at all times to cover the mouth and nose when coughing or sneezing (then dispose of it) *Do not eat shared or communal food *Avoid close contact with people suffering from or showing symptoms of acute respiratory infection *Stay indoors if you feel unwell having symptoms like cough, fever. *Use clean clothes and sanitiser to clean each surface in households so germs aren’t transferred from area to area. In general, washing your hands and avoiding people who are ill is way more important than wearing a mask to cover your mouth. The Nigerian government has advised that cases of anyone coughing nearby should be reported immediately to a nearby hospital or call call NCDC toll free number which is available day and night, for guidance- 0800-970000-10.