Two of the highest-profile witnesses in the impeachment probe of Donald Trump, have been fired by the President. This development has sparked accusations that Trump is on a campaign of revenge. US President Trump sacked twin brothers Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Vindman and Yevgegi, also a Lieutenant Colonel. The US President also recalled his ambassador to the European Union, Gordon Sondland. Vindman, a decorated soldier, who worked at the National Security Council, and his twin brother Yevgeni who also worked as an attorney in the NSC, were fired simultaneously, Al Jazeera reports. Trump took the decision 48 hours after the Republican-dominated Senate acquitted him of charges of abuse of office. Sondland, who was appointed as Trump’s EU ambassador after donating $1m to the President’s inauguration, said in a brief statement, “I was advised today that the president intends to recall me effective immediately.” The sacked Col. Vindman, who was wounded in Iraq, was ordered out of his NSC offices at the White House. He was escorted out of the White House, where he had worked on the National Security Council (NSC). His lawyer David Pressman said this in a statement, adding that the move was retribution for Vindman’s testimony. “There is no question in the mind of any American why this man’s job is over, why this country now has one less soldier serving it at the White House. LTC Vindman was asked to leave for telling the truth,” Pressman said. During the Trump’s trial, Vindman had told a Democratic-run committee “I couldn’t believe what I was hearing” in the phone call. Referring to the alleged Trump’s conversation with President Zelenskyy of Ukraine.
Vindman also downplayed concerns that he would suffer payback for speaking out. “I will be fine for telling the truth,” he said. When asked earlier on Friday about media reports that he might sack Vindman, Trump told reporters: “I’m not happy with him. You think I’m supposed to be happy with him? … They’re going to be making that decision.”