The wife of Ekiti State Governor, Erelu Bisi Fayemi, has urged churches in the country to establish a special endowment fund to tackle poverty among the aged and abandoned old people. Mrs Fayemi gave the advice on Thursday at Saint Andrew’s Anglican Church, Ikere Ekiti during the burial of her adopted mother, Mrs Rachael Jolaade Osho. Mrs Osho, who was adopted by Mrs Fayemi as a mother in 2018, having been abandoned by family and made to suffer, died at the age of 110 years. Addressing the congregation, Mrs Fayemi said: “I want churches, particularly this church where Mama attended to initiate an endowment fund to take care of the poor. “As a church, look for these people and give them what you have to take care of the abandoned old people. They are many across the state. “When I met Mrs Osho, we later found out that many of the old people are abandoned as a result of being childless or being neglected by children for lack of means across the state. “Try and get across to them, give them care and pray for them”, she advised. Mrs Fayemi promised that the government of her husband, Dr Kayode Fayemi, would be ready to contribute any amount to support such Initiative, saying “this will help the poverty alleviation programme of the government”, she said. In his sermon, a man of God, Rev. M.A.O Owabunmoye, urged Nigerian leaders to emulate Mrs Fyemi’s fraternity with the poor and quest to fight poverty, by initiating programmes that would tackle poverty in the lives of the people. Commenting on the life of the late Mrs Osho, the Cleric said: “she lived a life worthy of emulation. We learnt a lot of good things from her. She was devoted to the church”. Quoting from Psalm 71 Verse 9, the Cleric urged the people to always rely on God as their problem solver, and not human beings. “Only God can save you while in distress or old age. Begin to do good, because we will all return home one day. Don’t be wicked. Learn how to be good to humanity and serve them. “Mrs Fayemi decided to honour this woman because she knew the word of God. She understood that God commanded us to be good to the poor”, the Cleric stated.