The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described President Muhammadu Buhari as a failure in the area of security. PDP said Buhari should stop living in self-praise and denial because his administration had failed to provide adequate security for Nigerians. A statement by the opposition party’s spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan condemned the President for attempting to award himself an unearned pass in the area of providing security. The opposition party stressed that Buhari’s abysmal failure to tackle terrorism and violence has continued to worsen. Recall that Buhari while promising to equip the Nigerian Armed Forces had declared that his administration was winning the war against terrorism and insecurity in the country. However, Ologbondiyan said Buhari had betrayed the responsibilities of his office over his inability to resolve issues of insecurity while resorting to self-praise. Ologbondiyan said: “By resorting to self-praise, in the face of failure and escalated killings, President Buhari has exhibited a devastating betrayal of the fundamental responsibilities of his office and this further confirms that he is indeed not in touch with the reality on ground and as such has no solutions to offer.” The former ruling party anchored its failure claim on the fact that Buhari recently expressed surprise over the level of insecurity across the country. “It is indeed inexcusable that instead of accepting failure, Mr. President, who recently confessed his surprise over the level of insecurity in our nation under his watch, is now resorting to self-praise spurred by his handlers to divert attention from the consensus by Nigerians and members of the international community that he had failed as Commander-in-Chief, ” he sad. PDP described as scandalous Buhari’s claim that his “so-called successes” in the fight against insecurity has restored the pride and honour of Nigeria. PDP insisted that by resorting to self-praise in the face of insecurity, Buhari’s presidency had gotten to the level of exiting office for a competent government. “The fact is that by resorting to self-praise in the face of failure, the Buhari Presidency has laid down its armour. No one is now left in doubt that the Buhari administration has reached the end of its capacity and should heed the call by Nigerians to take the exit door and allow more competent, patriotic and proactive hands to effectively tackle the situation at hand, ” he added.