Four years after a devastating communal clashes in Bassa local government Area that claimed the lives of over 100 people, Kogi East Senator, Jibrin Isah wants Federal government to intervene. Speaking through order 42 and 52 of Senate rules, the lawmaker representing Kogi East Senatorial District explained that the devastation of parts of Bassa local government Area in Kogi State occasioned by the communal clashes in 2016 and 2019 has left the indigenes homeless till date. The Senator noted that Bassa local government which is one of the twenty local government areas of Kogi State comprises two different ethnic groups including Bassa Nwosu, Bassa-nge, Igbira and others. The lawmaker noted on Wednesday in Abuja that government’s intervention was necessary to restore social amenities to enable the displaced people return and live their normal lives. “Senate notes that Bassa local government with headquarters in Oguma in Kogi East Senatorial District has 1,925 kilometers and has a population of about 185,000. “Worried that communal hostilities ravaged most of the area between 2016 and 2019 and rendered most of the communities homeless “Aware that about 100 people were killed in 2016 including a wanton destruction of properties. It was also reported that a bridge linking Sharia and Oguma was completely razed down. “On the 8th of January, 2019, Sharia town was completely razed and people deserted for fear of their lives and after persuasion, the displaced people have agreed to return home. “Further concerned that the building of their traditional institution has been destroyed with a disheartening number of out of school children. “It is obvious that schools, and healthcare facilities are totally nonexistent due to the crisis and this has increased the rate of mortality in the area. “Obvious that shops, stores and petrol station in the affected communities have been completely destroyed leading to the state of economic helplessness. Based on the issues raised Senator Isah urged the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management to provide relief materials for the community. The motion was then adopted by the Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan.