Oyo State Police on Sunday warned local government Chairmen who were sacked by Governor Seyi Makinde in May last year and the recently appointed caretaker committee members in the state, that it (Police) will not fold its arms and watch them to cause chaos and anarchy in the state. The command was reacting to the imbroglio that is rocking the local government administration in the state. Police while reacting to the series of violence that have been recorded since the crises started advised the two groups to sheathe their swords and give peace a chance. In a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan, the state capital by its Public Relations Officer Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, Police warns that it will not stand by or fold its arms and watch any group or individuals cause chaos, lawlessness and cause destruction or inflict injuries on the peace-loving people of the state, a development that may lead to a breakdown of law and order. Fadeyi in the statement entitled, “Re: Lingering local government administration leadership tussle in Oyo State: An appeal for caution against bloodshed”, enjoined law-abiding citizens to go about their lawful businesses without any fear, threat or intimidation from any group or individuals whatsoever. “The Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Command, CP Shina T. Olukolu wishes to draw the attention of all Stakeholders in Oyo State to the lingering Local Government chairmanship tussle in the State and the subtle hint at digging deep by interests and the possible escalation which may entail destruction of property and bloodshed as the ultimate. “The professional handling of the delicate situation focused on the constitutional responsibilities of the Police i.e the protection of lives and properties is amongst others an effort at policing with an understanding of the environment and Humanness which is one of the hallmarks of community policing. It should therefore not be taken for granted. “The stakeholders are therefore strongly advised to sheath their swords and give peace a chance. More so, as the absence of the staff of the Local Government in the office will not allow any of the contending interest to achieve any tangible or concrete developments in the prevailing circumstance. “Consequently, chaos, bloodshed, lawlessness and destruction of properties or inflicting injuries on both sides will serve no purpose, but an avoidable loss of purposeful peace and tranquility for the entire peace-loving good people of Oyo State. A temporary euphoria, a fleeting victory that will not serve any other purpose than a pyrrhic victory that is not enduring and will disappear like the quicksand. “The Commissioner of Police, therefore, wishes to admonish all the stakeholders to reach deep and think deep to give peace a chance in the “Pace Setter State” where social-economic development will thrive while giving the Police a conducive atmosphere to deal with the common criminals in our midst as the patience of the Security Agency is not permanently inelastic. “Hence, economic development, peace and tranquility should remain the focus of all the exemplary leaders, sons and daughters of Oyo State, as bloodshed and destruction is an ill-wind that blows no one any good. “Consequently, the Commissioner of Police sternly warns all and sundry that the Police will not stand by or fold its arms and watch any group or individuals cause chaos, lawlessness and wrought destruction or inflict injuries on the peace-loving people of the state, a development that may lead to a breakdown of law and order. “In spite of the foregoing, the Command wishes to reiterate its belief in the capacity, ability and the exemplary leadership qualities of Oyo State sons and daughters to always find a common ground with an enduring solution to their common differences as in the lingering case of chairmanship of Oyo State Local Government Areas. “The law-abiding citizens are however enjoined to go about their lawful businesses without any fear, threat or intimidation from any group or individuals whatsoever”