Tension in Ondo community over missing farmer as family, residents suspect herdsmen attack. Palpable tension is currently building up in Arimogija town in Ose Local Government Area of Ondo State following the disappearance of a farmer in the community. The farmer identified as Vincent Ejeh who hails from Ogbadigbo Local Government Area of Benue was said to have been missing for the past three days after he went to his farm on Thursday evening. Arimogija is few kilometers drive from Owo, the hometown of the Governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu. Following his non-arrival from the farm, his friends and neighbours became apprehensive as to his whereabouts which they said was unusual of him. According to a family source, he said that a search party was raised in the community to look for Mr. Ejeh but only his motorcycle which he took to the farm was found. The source added that after a deeper search into the bush, some Fulani herdsmen were encountered who fired shot at them which made them to retreat to the community and consequently lodged a report at the community’s police station. “He left his house three days ago in the evening to check on his farm but he didn’t return home. “It was after he failed to return home that his people raised the alarm on his whereabouts. A team was immediately raised to visit the farm to find out what was happening. “On getting to the farm, we met only his motorcycle that he normally used for his farming activities. That prompted us to check the vicinity further. “It was when we were moving in the bush that we sighted some Fulanis who pointed gun and shot at us when they saw us. We had to rush back to the community after their attempt to kill us. We later reported the situation at the police station.” Sequel to the dangerous reaction by the herdsmen, residents of the community were of the belief that Mr. Ejeh must have been attacked by the herdsmen on his farm as they fear what might have happened to him. Meanwhile, the villagers have called on security agencies in the state to come to their aid in order to rescue Mr. Ejeh as well as the community from the terrorizing herdsmen. When contacted by DAILY POST over the incident, the spokesperson of the Ondo State Police Command, CSP Femi Joseph stated that effort was already ongoing towards ensuring that the farmer is rescued. “For us (police), it is still a case of a missing person because if it was a case of kidnap, the family ought to have been contacted for ransom since the incident happened. “We have embarked on search and rescue alongside local vigilante. We are working hard to reunite him with his family,” the PPRO said.