The Abia State Governor, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, has set up an eight-member committee to resolve pension related matters of Junior Secondary and Senior Secondary Schools in the state. This was contained in a press release signed by the Governor’s Chief of Staff, Dr. Anthony Agbazuere, and made available to newsmen on Tuesday night. According to the release, “This is with a view to realizing full implementation of the disarticulation exercise. The Governor named Elder G.C Ahuruonye and Amaechi Chukwu as Chairman and Secretary of the committee respectively. Other members of the committee included, Mrs. Helen Ekwuribe, Ibuchim Okorie, Emmanuel Nwacham, Igwe Peters, Okey Ihedioha and Ike Emmanuel U. The release further stated that the 8-man committee will be inaugurated today, Wednesday 12th February, 2020 by 1.00pm. In another related development, Governor, Dr. Okezie Ikpeazu, has equally set-up committee to document all those purportedly employed at the Secondary Education Management Board (SEMB) from 2018 till date. The Governor, in a statement on Tuesday, said, “The affected people are to tender papers issued to them as appointment letters, their qualifications, where they were posted and salary placements”. According to the statement, Dr. Mrs Kate Ndukuba is named as Chairman while Chukwudi Iheka serves as Secretary of the committee. Other members of the committee included, Kingsley Ogbuehi, Azubuike Anyatonwu, Mr. Ihuoma Ohajuru, Mrs. Linda Alaribe and Barrister Valentine Igboanugwo Meanwhile, Governor Okezie Ikpeazu, on Tuesday, visited his Rivers State counterpart, Governor Nyesom Wike on the death of his Late Uncle, Chief Charles Wike. This was contained in a terse press release made available to newsmen by Onyebuchi Ememanka, the Chief Press Secretary to the Abia governor. According to the release, “Governor Ikpeazu told his host that he came to commiserate with him on behalf of the Government and People of Abia State. “He prayed to God to console the Wike family on their loss. “Responding, Governor Wike expressed delight at the visit and thanked Governor Ikpeazu and the people of Abia State for their show of love and brotherhood to his family at this difficult moment”.