A Lagos-based senior lawyer Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, who is also the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, says it is now obvious that President Muhammadu Buhari cannot handle the security issues facing the country. Barrister Bangbose noted that Buhari’s lackluster approach to the security challenges has not yielded any positive effect, adding that the nation is groaning and grieving. He noted that no day passes without news of the activities of bandits, kidnappers, Boko Haram, gunmen, among others, wondering why after paying a visit to Maiduguri, Boko Haram struck immediately, adding that “In a sane society, Buhari ought to have resigned.” According to him, “It’s becoming very obvious that President Buhari lacks what it takes to secure the populace. This is as a result of recent developments. “Notable Nigerians, groups, politicians, leaders of thought have not hidden their disdain for the inability of the President to checkmate insecurity in Nigeria. “His lackluster approach has not yielded any positive effect. The nation is groaning and grieving. No day passes without news of the activities of bandits, kidnappers, Boko Haram, gunmen, etc. “This is really appealing. It has been reported that even after paying a visit to Maiduguri, Boko Haram still struck. In a sane society, Buhari ought to have resigned. “He has no business in the State House if he can’t secure the citizens of this country. His stay in State House is funded by the taxpayers and these taxpayers are dying every day. Some are kidnapped and pay heavily to secure their freedom. “They pay tax and equally pay taxes to criminals. One is happy that the pressure is mounting on him because insecurity is never a friend to anyone. It’s an ill wind that blows no one any good. If he can’t handle the situation, let him resign. “The National Assembly should as a matter of urgency invite the President as the chief security officer of the nation, to come and give them his plan to make Nigeria safe and secure. The investors, both foreign and local are scared. “How can there be meaningful economic growth with this type of insecurity in the country? Some of his supporters are equally falling victim to the insecurity situation in the country. “It’s only an unpatriotic citizen that won’t show concern for the deplorable state of things in the country. As a former military head of state, one would have thought that things will be better, but the reverse is the case. President Buhari should act fast because Nigerians are losing confidence in him.”