The Chairman, Zamfara State council of chiefs as well as the Emir of Anka, Alhaji Attahiru Ahmad, has urged the Federal government to reconsider its decision to ban illegal mining in Zamfara State. The monarch disclosed this on Tuesday while receiving the Commandant of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), in Zamfara State, Alhaji Aliyu Alhaji-Garba, and officials of the Federal Ministry of Mines and Steel Development, that paid him a courtesy visit in his palace. Our correspondent reports that the NSCDC boss in the state with the officials of the Federal Ministry of Mines and Steel Development, were in Anka to meet with local miners. “Government should enlighten the illegal miners and also monitor them closely to ensure that they complied with the orders of the trade. ” Most of the illegal miners don’t know that illegal mining has negative implications, especially on health, environment, ecology and security,” he said. According to him, total ban will result in massive unemployment and poverty which may escalate insecurity already bedevilling the state,” the monarch noted. Alhaji Garba said that most of the mining companies in the state were not helping their host communities, adding that unemployment was the main cause of illegal mining activities in the state. The monarch assured of total support and cooperation from the emirate and traditional rulers towards reviving and modernizing the mining sector in the state. Earlier, the NSCDC boss, Alhaji-Garba said that the sensitization program was aimed at ensuring that mining activities were done in line with the laws guiding mining activities. ” It is our aim that all illegal miners in the state should acquire the licence from the federal government to operate. “This is one of federal government’s policies towards diversifying the nation’s economy. According to him, Zamfara is one of the states in the country blessed with abundant mineral resources, saying that the state government was working with stakeholders to ensure that the resources are harnessed in line with best practices. He further stated that the NSCDC had a mandate to provide adequate security for licensed mining companies and monitor the activities of illegal mining in the state. In his response, the Plan Officer of the Federal Ministry of Mines and Steel Development, Mr Abunumah Samuel, noted that about 80 per cent of mining activities in Nigeria was carried out by artisan miners which he said were generally illegal. He explained that the federal government wants to make sure that all artisan miners acquired licences so that they would pay revenue to government. Our correspondent can authoritatively report that illegal mining activities have continued to persist in Zamfara State in spite of the ban on the crude trade.