Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. At least six people were on Sunday abducted along Magumeri – Gubio road by suspected Boko Haram insurgents operating in the area. Residents of Madamari village said the suspected terrorists mounted vehicle road block at the village, which is about 23 km from Magumeri, where they stopped vehicles and demanded for self identification of passengers. 2. Northern Elders Forum (NEF) has declared the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari a total failure. The group said it had warned Nigerians that Buhari has nothing to offer to them, adding that the President has failed to tackle insecurity and improve the economy. 3. A Major in the Nigerian Army, Akeem Oseni, who was among three army personnel jailed on Friday for 10 years over the death of a Lance Corporal, Benjamin Collins, has escaped. Oseni, whose judgement was delivered by the General Court Martial in Command Mess, Asokoro, Abuja, reportedly told court officials he was going to use the toilet before he escaped. 4. The Abia State Police Command has warned members of the Indigenous People of Biafra to steer clear of the burial of the parents of their leader, Nnamdi Kanu. The Commissioner of Police, Mr Ene Okon, said the police would not allow IPOB to participate in the burial, warning that if members of the proscribed organisation were seen anywhere around the burial venue, the police would scatter the burial. 5. Human rights lawyer, Mr Femi Falana (SAN), on Sunday called on Nigerians to demand improved health care from the regime of the President Muhammadu Buhari. Falana said it was unfair that Buhari “always travels abroad for medical care while the generality of Nigerians have no other choice but to go to Nigerian hospitals that have become mortuaries.” 6. Indications emerged on Sunday that the South-West state executive councils would on Wednesday discussed the bills on Amotekun corps. The Ondo State Attorney General, Kola Olawoye, said after the passage of the bill, each state would apply to the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, for a gun licence for the Amotekun corps. 7. Power distribution companies and the Transmission Company of Nigeria Plc have applied to the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission for a review of their tariffs. NERC, in a document, said the request for rate review was premised on the need to incorporate changes in macroeconomic parameters and other factors affecting the operational efficiency of Discos and TCN. 8. A Pan-Yoruba Socio-Cultural Group, Yoruba Ko’ya Movement, Sunday, urged President Muhammad Buhari to rise above ethnic bigotry and put a stop to consistent attacks on lives, peace, economy and unity of Nigeria by Miyetti Allah. The group Convener, Otunba ‘Deji Osibogun, threatened that refusal to checkmate the excess of Miyetti Allah will give Yoruba people no option than to exit Nigeria. 9. Governors of the South-East states have disclosed that they will soon name their own regional security outfit which its process started last year. In a communiqué read by Chairman of the Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Chief Dave Umahi, after a meeting in Enugu on Sunday, the Governors also reiterated March 31 as the date for reopening of the Akanu Ibaim International Airport Enugu to commercial activities. 10. A suspected child trafficker, Ndukeabasi Okon, has revealed how they sell a male child for N400,000 and a female child for N300,000. The suspect, who was arrested by policemen in Akwa Ibom State, revealed that she had been in the business of trafficking since 2016 with her husband, Ndianaabasi Okon, now at large.