The National Christian Elders’ Forum, NCEF, has lamented that some Nigerian leaders are working towards replacing democracy with Sharia in the country. NCEF said Sharia culture will soon make democracy impossible to exist in Nigeria because some of the country’s leaders are pretending that both are compatible. This was disclosed In a statement titled: ‘National Christian Elders Forum, NCEF, Reconciliation through litigation,’ signed and issued yesterday by the Chairman of NCEF, Elder Solomon Asemota. It, however, maintained that the culture of Sharia can’t replace democracy in Nigeria. The body decried that Nigeria was heading towards extinction. NCEF urged all Nigerians to come together and work hard towards saving the country and their investments. The statement reads: “The NCEF can go on and on, but what is important now is how best to save the amalgamation of 1914 to provide for the black race (Negro) throughout Africa and the world, country where though tribes and tongues may differ, in brotherhood we stand. Negros must work hard to save their investment in Nigeria over the years. “The truth, however, is that Democracy and Sharia are incompatible and Sharia cannot displace Democracy, the deliberate policy of some Nigerian Islamists in keeping with Sharia culture is attempting to replace democracy with Sharia by first pretending that Sharia and Democracy are compatible (taqiyya) until such a time that Sharia will dominate and make Democracy impossible to exist in Nigeria.” The Christian elders also cautioned against the possibility of another civil war, stressing that such may not augur well for the country. They called for education of Nigerians as a panacea to another civil war in the country. “We must go to court to educate Nigerians on Democracy and Sharia. We must emphasize that we, the Nigerian Negros do not hate Muslims; we reject Boko Haram, Fulani herdsmen, bandits in addition to Sharia in the Villa,” he said. NCEF also berated the current crop of leaders, saying they had failed. The Christians stated that some Nigerian leaders are destroying the country’s future by trying to ensure that democracy is “unworkable” in Nigeria. “Today, these young new breed politicians are in the Legislative, Executive and Judiciary. They must realize that collaborating with the Negroids to make democracy unworkable in Nigeria will destroy the future of their children, grandchildren and succeeding generations. “This paper and the facts available show quite clearly that the Negroids are determined to drive all the Negro out of Nigeria and as the Middle Belt Forum wrote ‘the National Livestock Transformation Plan, NLTP, in intent and purpose is an artful design to seize the lands of the states of the Middle Belt and South Nigeria for sole purpose of changing their demography calculated towards sustaining their political domination. There may be a larger agenda which the political domination of the South and the Middle Belt is just a minute plot,” NCEF added. This is coming at a time the Senior Pastor of Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Paul Enenche said there was war in Nigeria. Enenche had said the war was aimed at wiping out the practice of Christianity and Islamizing the country. He had made the remark in response to the killings of some Christians by Boko Haram terrorist group.