The apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo is in another round of crisis following the reported sack of its Secretary General, Uche Okwukwu. This is contained in a press statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary of Ohanaeze, Prince Uche Achi-Okpaga, on Tuesday. He also named the President General of Ohanaeze Youth Council (OYC), Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro as among those suspended. He said the decision was arrived at during the Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Imeobi held on Sunday. However, Isiguzoro has carpeted the said suspension, describing it as inconsequential. He said in a statement signed by Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, Secretary General, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council worldwide, Mazi Alex Okemiri, Nat Vice President that “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council worldwide is a registered Organisation under the law, that’s independently running her affairs within the ambit of the law. “We wonder how an illegal Organisation of PDP Igbo caucus meeting can expel a legal organisation. “PDP Igbo Caucus Meeting nicknamed Ime Obi Ohanaeze Ndigbo, without in attendance of any serving Igbo Governor, any serving Igbo Minister in APC, any Igbo serving Ambassador, or elected Senator, House of Reps from APC cannot be an Ime Obi meeting of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. “According to Ohanaeze Ndigbo Constitution, an elected member can be removed from office if such member is guilty of any offence and appropriate disciplinary Committee is set up for fair hearing, and if found guilty, recommendation will be sent to a well Constituted Ime Obi Ohanaeze Ndigbo inside Ohanaeze Ndigbo Secretariat Enugu, with attendance of Current Igbo serving Governors, Current Igbo serving Senators, Current Igbo serving ambassadors, Igbo Traditional Rulers, and all former Governors and Ministers. “If such elected Officer is found guilty, the General Assembly of Ohanaeze Ndigbo will pass the verdict on such elected officer with two third Majority Votes, but here is a case of witch-hunt and political vendetta against the leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council worldwide by few PDP Igbo Caucus members that have been retired from active politics by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. “They are now in a vendetta mission against those who supported APC victory in Imo State, because of our ounalloyed support for President Muhammadu Buhari and our declaration of Support for APC to take over the South East. “This is the third time Nnia Nwodo is expelling the leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council worldwide based on envy, jealousy and our commitment to 2023 Igbo Presidency Project as there’s no constitutional provision for any organ of Ohanaeze Ndigbo to expel a free born Igbo man or woman “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Constitution recommends only suspension from office, because every Igbo man is a member of Ohanaeze Ndigbo everywhere. “We will Continue to work with the secretary General Ohanaeze Ndigbo Dim Uche Okwukwu, who’s enjoying a robost relationship with Igbo Governors, and President Muhammadu Buhari, and we do not hesitate to say that we will continue to protect the collective political interests of Igbos and APC remains the hope for Igbos ahead of 2023. “We thereby pass vote of confidence in the leadership of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council worldwide led by Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro, as it’s only the General Assembly of Ohanaeze Ndigbo and only Igbo Youths Can remove him from the mandate given to him during Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth National Convention 2018. “Igbos and Nigerians should disregard such purported meeting of PDP Igbo caucus nicknamed Ime Obi meeting done in a hurry without meeting constitutional requirements, but done out of anger and frustration in a hotel.”