ATTENTION PLEASE!!! Liver is the  primary organ in the body which should not be toiled with. Maintaining a healthy liver as well as cure for Fatty ones are important for our overall health benefit. There exists the best scientific discovery for THE TOTAL CURE OF FATTY LIVER & ANY TYPE OF HEPATITIS. I strongly advice you LEAVE all you’re doing now and use 5 minutes to digest this article. It will not only save your life but make you live longer.  “Doctors Predicted I Would Die With Fatty Liver Disease and Hepatitis B. But with a little effort I made To my greatest surprise I Reversed My Fatty Liver and Hepatitis B Easily, Permanently & In Just Days.
I’ll Show You!” My brother also used this same Discovery to Remedy His Hepatitis B This is the most efective and curative solution for those diagnosed with fatty liver disease and any type of Hepatitis. It has helped more than 8,694 Nigerians. Dear Friend, Did you know that the most common disease in the world is something most of us haven’t even heard of, yet it affects a whopping 2.1 BILLION PEOPLE? That means there’s a 1 in 3 chance that YOU have it. So if you value your health, I’d suggest that you take a few moments to answer the following questions: And finally… Because you could be suffering from the effects of a “FATTY LIVER” or HEPATITIS And …if not treated fast may lead to liver cancer or liver failure And if you don’t do anything about it now, you could end up with a much higher chance of contracting fatal diseases like cirrhosis of the liver, heart attacks, stroke, diabetes and cancer. Most of the diseases you are suffering today like diabetes, bad vision, hypertension, etc are as a result of a DAMAGED LIVER I’m not saying any of this to scare you, there’s a bright light at the end of the tunnel… If fatty liver progresses to cirrhosis and liver failure, symptoms include: – an enlarging, fluid-filled abdomen – jaundice of the skin and eyes – confusion – abnormal bleeding “Fatty liver” has become increasingly common in recent years due to the rising levels of obesity in the world. As I’ve already stated, it now affects more than 2.1 BILLION PEOPLE. That’s 1/3 of the entire world population! So why is this so important to your health, and your life? Well, what might surprise you is that your liver is the second most important organ in your body – after the brain. It performs an incredible 800+ functions, including: So what does this mean? Quite simply, it means that if your liver isn’t functioning at 100%, you have ZERO chance of being healthy. And that’s because a fatty liver causes INFLAMMATION, which impairs your liver’s ability to carry out its 800+ jobs in your body. The more your liver is impaired, the unhealthier you become, and the more likely you are to contract a wide range of life-threatening diseases, such as liver failure, heart attacks, stroke, diabetes, cancer, and much more. That’s the simple and harsh truth. But most of us don’t. In fact, the typical modern diet – which is full of processed foods, chemicals, sugar and alcohol – has led to alarming rates of obesity, and is the #1 reason for the surge in cases of “fatty liver”. Essentially, your liver becomes full of fat, inflamed and enlarged, and can no longer do its job properly. So instead of your liver clearing out toxins, it starts to POISON you. Instead of breaking down fats and assisting your metabolism, it begins to STORE FAT, making it virtually impossible to lose weight. Instead of clearing your blood of harmful substances, it allows them to THRIVE & MULTIPLY. In short, your fatty liver is robbing you of your health and making it virtually impossible for you to lose weight, feel great and enjoy your life. BUT HERE’S THE GOOD NEWS! FATTY LIVER IS REVERSIBLE You’ll finally be able to… That’s right… Hello there, my name is Mr. Paul Chidi. I’m a Nutritionist, Author and Expert on the subject of Fatty Liver. Back in 2009, and at just 36 years of age, I was suffering from very poor health. I had recently been diagnosed with depression because every day had become a struggle for me, and I wasn’t enjoying life at all. I was constantly tired and sluggish, and finding it increasingly difficult to concentrate on my day job. I was stressed-out, irritable and struggling to sleep, which then made things even worse. My skin – which had been blemish free through my entire life was now starting to breakout relentlessly, and whatever I did, I couldn’t seem to get it under control. And as the months and years went by, my symptoms just got worse and worse… I started to develop pain in my lower back and abdomen, which really started to worry me. After visiting many different Doctors, I was eventually diagnosed with a “fatty liver”, or to be more precise, Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatisis (NASH) and Hepatitis B.  After some research, I found that Fatty Liver Disease can be categorized as 1. Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (AFLD), 2. Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) or Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatisis (NASH). Liver Cancer All 3 include a range of conditions from simple “steatosis” (a fatty infiltration of the liver tissue which can interfere with your health), to cirrhosis (an irreversible and potentially fatal build-up of scar tissue in the liver). Although NAFLD and NASH are similar to Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease, people who contract these diseases (like me) drink little or no alcohol, yet it can still lead to permanent liver damage, cancer and liver-related death. Plus, all people with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease have an increased risk of developing cardiovascular problems such as heart attacks and stroke. According to recent statistics, Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Diseases are becoming more and more common. In fact, it’s estimated that up to 35% of the entire world population may have either fatty liver or NASH. And the primary reason is the modern diet. You see, in my case, the cause of my Fatty Liver wasn’t what I was drinking… My diet had caused my Fatty Liver, and it was slowly killing me. In fact, my Doctor told me that the patterns in my liver enzyme levels indicated that if I didn’t do anything to reverse the damage, my chances of developing liver cancer or deadly cirrhosis within the next 5 years were over 70%. I was terrified, but as I soon discovered, he wasn’t exaggerating. After looking into Fatty Liver Diseases a little more, I found that a clinical study, conducted in Norway on 47,594 people with fatty liver, concluded that it INCREASES THE RISK OF CANCER. And not just liver cancer either – lung cancer, stomach cancer, pancreatic cancer, colon cancer, oesophageal cancer, and more. It was clear to me that my diet was ruining my health and putting my life in danger, and I had to do something about it – AND FAST. To begin with, my Doctor told me that the main thing I needed to do was lose some weight… And he was right… After all, studies show that 70% of people with fatty liver are OBESE. However, he gave me absolutely no advice or guidance about what I should or shouldn’t be eating! After an entire year of trying and failing to lose weight and improve my health, and after seeing multiple Doctors who didn’t seem to know anything about how to cure my condition, there was only one option left… I decided to do a Thorough Research to find out how to reverse my fatty liver and reclaim my health fast… Truth is I wouldn’t afford a Liver Transplant After 3 years of indepth research, where I paid particular attention to the liver, I only learnt a few things on how to improve my health. But I couldn’t find any lasting solution for my liver. At a time I almost gave up, but that would also mean giving up on my life… One of those days I stumbled upon a powerful information that introduced me to a shocking scientific discovery by an American-China health Experts… Quickly I took advantage of it and 3months down the line my health improved dramatically, and I lost 32 lbs, with barely any effort at all. I discovered during my research that the liver plays an ABSOLUTELY CRUCIAL ROLE in weight loss. One of your liver’s main jobs is to break down fat and turn it into energy, but when it’s not functioning properly, it simply can’t handle the excess fat and sugar coming at it, which results in fat piling up in all the wrong places all over your body including the stomach (A.K.A; Pot Belly). This makes the task of losing weight almost impossible. This is why your diets have failed. It’s like pouring water into a bucket, only to discover that there’s a bunch of massive holes in the bottom! So if you have a fatty liver which isn’t functioning properly, you can’t lose weight. And you can’t lose weight because you have a fatty liver! …And most Doctors simply don’t have knowledge and training to solve it… All the doctors do is collect your money and make you keep coming back. Well its not their fault, they don’t know how to tackle the root cause and hand you over your Health once and for all. LUCKILY I FINALLY FOUND SOMETHING THAT finally worked after many years of intense research. Before I could finish my  complete dosage I didn’t need any magician or Doctor to confirm that it was working. In fact… Not only did I look like a different person on the outside, but on the INSIDE too!! My liver enzyme levels had returned to normal, my liver was free from inflammation and back to its happy self, and I literally hadn’t felt better in my entire life. And that got me thinking… Now that I had the experience and knowledge to REVERSE MY OWN CASE OF FATTY LIVER, lost weight quickly and dramatically improved my health at the same time, I wanted to help other people too… people just like me who are scared, confused and frustrated by their Doctor’s lack of knowledge about HOW to actually go about fixing the problem. So I decided to put everything I’d learned about my Fatty Liver and how to reverse it to normal Then I started sharing it with fellow fatty liver sufferers all over the world. And every single one of them experienced incredible results. Over the Years getting the two herbal drugs wasn’t an easy task because i was importing for myself and those who care to try. And every single one of them experienced incredible results. AND NOW YOU CAN BENEFIT TOO!  INTRODUCING… “Hypoglycemic Herbal capsules and MEBO GI Capsule” These two combination has proven to be the most effective Fatty LiverRemedy and Hepatitis Remedy These two Chinese herbal supplement did wonders in my liver and make me a well living being again These two herbal capsules are brought and Marketed by NORLAND GLOBAL Address: A7, No.1, south bank of Xidian Village, Gaobeidian Township, Chaoyang District, Beijing China.  LETS START WITH THE HYPOGLYCEMIC HERBAL CAPSULES Hypoglycemic Herbal Capsules Prevent Chemical Liver Damage, Strengthen Detoxification Function of Liver Hypoglycemic Herbal Capsules is used for auxiliary protective function for chemical liver injury. It supplies the liver  the key micro nutrients it needs for stability and optimal functioning. Three key constituents of Hypoglycemic Herbal Capsules are L-cysteine, Soy lecithin and Pueraria Lobata Extract among others. L-cysteine is essentially used as glutathione antidote and for flushing heavy metals, scavenging free radicals while Soy lecithin effectively acts on fats and stones. The functions of Pueraria Lobata Extract are for detoxification and repair. Suitable for:
People with the risk of chemical liver damage Unsuitable for:
None  LETS SEE THE MEBO GI CAPSULES GI GREAT OPTION SOFTGEL Provides an innovative formulation that mimics mucus naturally secreted by mucosa and adheres to the GI lining to protect the mucosa from further injury or irritation. It isolates GI lesions from the low pH environment of the stomach so as to promote physiological regeneration and repair of mucosal membrane. HERE ARE JUST A FEW THINGS YOU’LL BENEFIT IN THIS NATURAL SOLUTION  *How much would you pay to look and feel better and healthier than you have in years? *How much would you pay to finally say goodbye to your current health complaints, and feel like your “young” self again? *How much would you pay to have a perfectly working liver that guarantees your health for years to come? *How much would you pay to potentially add years to your lifespan, so you can watch your grandkids grow up and ENJOY your retirement in excellent health? Would you pay N150,000  to achieve such transformational and life-changing results?
What about N100,000? That’s an absolute bargain, right? Here are the packages available and cost:  1month treatment N47,000  (Fourty Seven Thousand Naira) 2Months Treatment N85,000 (Eighty Five Thousand Naira) 2 Bottles of GI GREAT OPTION CAPSULES and 2 Bottles of Hypoglycemic Herbal Capsules 3 Months Treatment N115,000 (One Hundred and Fifteen Thousand Naira) 3 Bottles of GI GREAT OPTION CAPSULES and 3 Bottles of Hypoglycemic Herbal Capsules The full packages come with guarantee If you know the cost of liver transplant you wont say this is costly The Most Recommended Treatment Is the Complete Treatment Pack, You’ll Get Your Desired Result with That… I encourage you to order the complete treatment pack because you’ll get the desired result with that and you won’t have to keep spending money on this again. Complete treatment is the BEST for either Fatty Liver or Hepatitis DELIVERY IS FREE Here Is How To Make an Order and receive it while you Make payment upon delivery. You see my friend, I’m a Nigerian and I know you may be wondering if you will pay first before you get this product. NO! You don’t have to pay first, once you place your order. They will send the item to your state and once it gets to your state… They will ask their delivery agent to pick it up and bring it to your provided address at no extra cost. So, once the delivery agent brings it to you. You can collect the item and give the money to him/her. This delivery usually takes 2 – 5 working days after placing your order depending on your location. NOTE: Please, Do Not Place an Order if you are not ready to pay and receive Your Product within the Next 2 – 5 days. Incase you place your order on Saturday, Sunday or Monday… Delivery commence on monday morning. You should be expecting a call from delivery agent from monday, but if by Thursday you have not gotten the product, kindly call and they will sort things out so you can get it on friday. Please Do Not Place an Order If You Won’t be able to receive your product from Monday – Friday. Though, i will advice you to receive the product fast so you can start using it. This will enable you to start seeing result faster. I wonder why you would want to delay when you see this kind of solution. I was skeptic too but i took action immediately and thats why i am sharing this testimony with you. Look, if at all i didnt take a bold step to try this remedy, there’s no way i would have been here sharing my success story with you. I know as human, we are filled with doubt but let try to act upon any situation faster before it gets worsen. If i didnt take the risk to try this product despite my low financial status, i would have been worst or dead today because i know how bad it was. So my brother and sister, i will say… if you can afford it, go for it. if you can buy for others, try to as well. There’s always a reward for our good did. If you are not financially ready, don’t bother ordering.
You can just save my number so once the money is ready, you can order. Why i am giving this warning is because of some un-serious people who think i can not send the product to them before they make payment upon delivery. I know Nigeria is filled with wonderful people. some people will place an order and when i send the product to their state and the delivery agent call him/her to deliver, the same person that order will give an excuse of how he thought i was joking. Some order and when the delivery agent call to deliver, they give excuses, which is really unfair. In as much as i am not charging for delivery… I spend money to deliver this item to you. I do not want to charge you for that because I still want the whole world to know about my unique, life-changing discovery. Don’t Forget; There are 2 options to place your order… USE only one option please so they don’t receive multiple order. NOTE: Once you place order via any of the below options, They will waybill it to your state so once it gets to  your state. delivery agent will pick it up and call you to deliver. When the delivery agent gets to you. You collect the product and give the money to him/her.  DOSAGE FOR HEPATITIS/FATTY LIVER REMEDY 1. MEBO GI Capsule (3 in the morning, 3 in the afternoon and 3 at night) 2. Hypoglycemic Herbal Capsule: 1 tablet in the morning 30 mins before meal and 1 tablet in the evening after meal. If you have any question or Clarification before you order, call customer care with the below Phone Number: 08025008947 Please in case you call and the number is busy, kindly send a text message and they will reply you. Due to demands, the phone number is always very busy. Otherwise, If You’re Okay with every words on this page, You can go ahead and place your order. Don’t Forget, even after placing your order, you can still call them in case you have any question or you need clarification on anything. Option 1: Send an SMS/Text Message with the below details to 08025008947 – Your Full Name,
– Your Full address + LGA/State,
– Your Phone Number (Provide 2 Numbers If available),
– Specify the number of bottle(s) you are ordering + Product Name. EXAMPLE OF THE SMS; Mr Patrick,
Udi Street Lagos.
08025008947 , 08025008947
Fatty liver remedy, full package OR Mr Patrick,
Udi Street Lagos.
08025008947 , 08025008947 .
Hepatitis remedy, full package Option 2: Kindly fill the form below… Once you fill the form correctly, And please don’t fill the form if you have placed your order through TEXT Message already. Please Fill The Form Adequately. (If you don’t have a second phone number , kindly repeat the first number). and secondly, once you fill the form.. Click on “Submit Your Order”, immediately you do that, kindly wait for it to load so it takes you to the “THANK YOU FOR ORDERING Page”.  Please Don’t Fill This Form If You Don’t Have Your Cash Ready… You can Save our Number and Call Us When You Have The Cash… Thanks FILL THE FORM BELOW TO ORDER FOR HEPATITIS/FATTY LIVER REMEDY Sincerely, Mr. Paul Chidi Former Fatty liver sufferer