Former Governor of Anambra State and the Vice-Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 presidential election, Peter Obi, has told members of the Oyo cabinet to endeavour to give Governor Seyi Makinde “bad news”. Obi at the State Government Retreat on Wednesday said that was the only way the Governor will hear the truth about his administration. Obi said: “My interaction with the people really shows that you are on the right track,” adding that the people are happy with developments in Oyo State so far. Obi urged the Executive Council of the State must key into the Governor’s vision so that the State can arrive its destination safely. A statement by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Makinde, Taiwo Adisa, quoted Obi as also saying that the ship of the State must not carry any passenger who has passed his or her destination. He urged Makinde to always ensure 100 per cent commitment of efforts to his targets, as according to him, what the people want to see is not 100 per cent of results but 100 per cent of efforts. “I am happy the way things are going. Gov. Makinde is the driver of the vehicle taking you all to the destination. Your duty is to cooperate with him so that the vehicle will safely reach the destination,” Obi said. The former Governor also emphasised the importance of communication in governance, adding that members of the executive council must be ready to tell the Governor the bitter truth, which he called “the bad news” at all times. While addressing the retreat, Governor Makinde, who undertook a review of his Government’s service delivery around the four point service agenda, said that overall, “we are on the way to actualising the accelerated development of Oyo State.” He said: “We can only do more at the speed of two things; one, at the speed of the Team, secondly, we can do more at the speed of Trust.” He added that the retreat would help his team members review and set targets for service delivery in the coming months. He said: “I have so much trust in you. So, please come along and let us move together at a speed of trust. “We have quite a bit of work to do together as an administration. It may appear like are we really doing something that may seriously impact on governance? My answer is yes. “So, let us do our own bit as part of the team and I believe that setting that standard in governance will ensure that, in this room, we will have the opportunity for continuity. “When you are there when the ingredients are being put together, you have the chance to know how that soup will come out at the end of the day.”