Recently sacked Governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha has attacked Governor Hope Uzodinma for saying that time for election petition has elapsed and that the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, candidate will get nothing from the Supreme Court. He said Uzodinma was attempting to gain legitimacy with lies over the state of affairs of the state. The former Governor was reacting to Governor Uzodinma’s chat with State House Correspondents in Abuja last Friday, where he made several claims concerning the Supreme Court judgment. Ozodinma during the chat had also commented on the matters arising from the court ruling, payment of all outstanding salaries owed workers and
restoration of pipe-borne water and electricity. The ex-governor said that the Governor’s assertions were blatant lies and deliberate distortion of facts, aimed at currying legitimacy. Ihedioha’s statement was released by his spokesman, Chibuike Onyeukwu and made available to newsmen on Sunday. The statement added, “Firstly, we bear no grudge over his statement that the Supreme Court cannot review its January 14, 2020 judgment. “That is the extent he knows, in order to sustain the illegitimacy of his government.” The former Governor said that the truth remains that he {Uzodinma) is quite convinced that his position is founded on clear illegitimacy. He said for this reason, the Governor is not expected to say anything different from what he feels will interest his very few supporters. He added, “Uzodinma by claiming that time for election petition has elapsed was playing to the gallery. He engaged in a failed ambush of the Supreme Court. “The Court knows that Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha has a very good case as shown in all the glaring facts of the matter and so does not require his lame opinion. “Senator Uzodimma also claimed that no governor had visited State Secretariat, Owerri. “This is the height of mockery of the collective workforce in the state. It is well known that Rt. Hon. Ihedioha visited state Secretariat on the 2nd of July, 2019. “During that visit, he addressed very happy and enthusiastic workers who genuinely threw their support behind his administration.” The statement added that Uzodinma’s claim that he restored water and electricity supply to the Secretariat was another barefaced falsehood, adding that, “It is on record that the Rebuild Imo Administration ensured that electricity, as well as pipe-borne water, were restored after 8 years at the Secretariat on the 13th of September, 2019, following the express directive by Ihedioha to the Ministry of Public Utilities and the Imo State Power and Rural Electrification Agency – I-POREA, one of the agencies created by Ihedioha administration.”