The Arewa Consultative Forum, ACF, on Saturday, faulted the initiative of regional security outfits like Shege Ka Fasa in the North and Amotekun in the Southwest. In a chat with DAILY POST, ACF Secretary-General, Anthony Sani said regional security outfits was not the answer to Nigeria’s security challenges. Sani stated that the Armed Forces needed to be properly equipped and positioned to combat insecurity and not the “multiplication of security outfits.” Recall that Southwest governors recently launched Operation Amotekun security outfit to combat crimes in the region. Also, a few days ago, some Northern youths floated the Shege Ka Fasa security outfit in the region. Reacting to the creation of these security outfits, Sani said: “I do not know anything about the creation of the security outfit by northern youths.As a result, I cannot offer an informed take on the issue. But I do not believe that the solution to the nation’s security challenges lie in multiplication of security outfits. “What is needed for containment of security challenges is for the armed forces and the police to have enough number of their personnel who are well trained and fully equipped. “Happily enough,there are reports that the federal government has decided to do just that as a way for effective campaigns against security challenges. Another area is for state governments to address the underlying causes of insecurity which include poverty that comes with unemployment and ignorance.” He noted that States don’t have the resources to train and equip personnel of the regional security outfits. Sani said: ”I do not see how the regions can establish regional security outfits. Regions have since been abolished in favor of states which have no money needed for recruitment of adequate security personnel and can not train and equip them adequately. ‘We must also know that the present geopolitical zones are not in the constitution. As a result, they cannot make laws to back any zonal security outfits.”