Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has predicted the outcome of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, and the All Progressives Congress, APC Supreme Court cases. While the APC is seeking reversal of the apex court ruling that sacked David Lyon as the governor-elect in Bayelsa State, the PDP had earlier approached the court praying for the reversal of its judgement on the Imo State gubernatorial election. In a new development, the main opposition party has reportedly decided to return to the court demanding the review of the presidential election ruling that upheld the victory of President Muhammadu Buhari and in other States, the APC won. Speaking with DAILY POST on Wednesday, Bamgbose, a Lagos-based senior lawyer, said all the reviews presently being sought at the Supreme Court will end in futility. He described the fresh move by the PDP as a joke, adding it would be legally unhealthy for Supreme Court to reverse itself especially on cases of elections. According to Bamgbose, “The issue of judicial review by the Supreme Court has really been generating a lot of tensions since Iheordia has been butted out of Government House. “APC is not left out as they have equally applied for review in respect of Supreme Court verdict on the Governorship election. “To crown it all, the PDP is possibly preparing to head back to the Supreme Court as per the Presidential election 2019. “This is no doubt a joke taken too far. I would have expected the lawyers involved to have told their Clients that it’s like a wild goose chase. “I state categorically here that none of these review cases will see the light of the day. The Supreme Court won’t review any of the cases in favour of the Applicants. “PDP should start strategizing about how to take over power in 2023 rather that waste their precious time and resources pursuing a matter that is stone dead. “If APC wins again in 2023, then let Nigerians prepare to hold a funeral service for PDP. “It’s really unfortunate that PDP has lost focus and so the future is very bleak for them. “It won’t work. Supreme Court will by next month throw away all those review matters to the dustbin. “It’s legally unhealthy for Supreme Court to reverse itself, especially on cases of elections.” David Lyon was sacrificed to compensate PDP over Ihedioha's sack - Barrister Bamgbose David Lyon's sack: I told you APC will mess you up - Olusegun Bamgbose mocks Goodluck Jonathan David Lyon's sack: Buhari told to arrest, prosecute Oshiomhole immediately