The Special Adviser to President Mohammadu Buhari on Niger Delta Affairs, Bar Ita Enang has aired his views on the current impasse between the APC and the PDP following the recent Supreme Court judgement. Ita Enag claimed that the Supreme Court did not say that All Progressive Congress (APC) did not win the November 2019 governorship election in Bayelsa State. Speaking with DAILY POST via phone on Friday, Bar Enang lamented what the Party passed through and opined that Supreme Court is infallible because it is final but final because it is infallible. “Supreme Court is infallible, not infallible because it is final but final because it is infallible, as at this stage, certificate of return has been issued; the man is ready for swearing in. “We should not take any action that can endanger our followers. Supreme Court did not say that All Progressive Congress (APC) did not win the governorship election In Bayelsa State. “But it (Supreme Court) said that there were some foundations in our candidate that was not according to the law and so we have lost on those technical grounds, so we are prevented from being sworn in on those technical grounds” he stated. The President’s aide further stated, “So we will pick up ourselves, review the situation and take the best decision forward, but for now, we call on our members to keep the peace, no members should go out to the streets to protest because it will not produce any result. “It is a possible call for review after we have spoken with our lawyers who represented us in court” he stressed and on the outburst of the National Chairman after the Supreme Court judgment, Bar Enang said, he can only take what the National Chairman said and does. “I cannot advise our National Chairman and whatsoever the National Chairman does, I am bound by it that is my position, whatsoever he says I am bound by it. However, things have changed soon after that because certificate of return has been issued, we have to act on the basis of the current situation, I am bound by what he does. Bar Enang, however, declined further comment saying, “We will not speak more on this for now, let us heal our members and put on the party spirits and be able to get on the political stuff”.