The Senator representing Plateau North Senatorial District and Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Defence, Istifanus Gyang, has said there will never be forgiveness without restitution if true reconciliation is to be achieved in Plateau North. He equally said, “if you are occupying someone’s land or property that does not belong to you during the unrest that have happened in this place, you have to give it back”. The lawmaker also said the fears being expressed in some quarters about the establishment of state police were “elite fears”. DAILY POST recalls that Plateau State has suffered attacks in the last two decades which has claimed many lives and property destroyed. The worst hit was Plateau North Senatorial District. The recent major attack was in June 2018, where over 200 persons were killed, over 30, 000 persons displaced and property destroyed in Barkin Ladi and Riyom LGAs. It was gathered that most of the affected communities deserted by the displaced persons have been taken over by the alleged attackers. However, with relative peace and reconciliatory efforts underway, hence the call for restitution by the lawmaker. Gyang stated this while addressing journalists after touring the six LGAs that makeup his senatorial district, saying he will support any policy that will secure and guarantee the safety of lives and property of the citizenry at the grassroot. He said, “The concept of community policing; we in the Senate met the Inspector General of Police, for him to further explain the concept, and it is intended to have people at the community level engaged as special constables. They will inform the police about what is going on in their various neighbourhoods. “But some of us and I particularly, I’m an advocate of state police, despite the fears that are being exercise in some quarters. To me, those fears are elite fears.” According to him, “Whatever will secure our citizens and guarantee the safety of lives and property at the grassroot, I stand for it. “Some people are thinking that, there would be right abuse by Governors, as a result of the way they have conducted themselves in relation to local governments. The way they conduct elections in state with obvious impunity and disregard for rule of law, and democratic tenets. “But that not withstanding, it depends on the way we craft the law at both national and state levels, and the command and control structure; and who will take precedence in checkmating any tendencies of abuse of power and abuse of citizens rights. “But we have seen a situation, where African dictators have even after long tenures, had to face criminal charges and even conviction by the International Criminal Court of Justice”, he explained. On his agenda for his senatorial district, Gyang who represented Barkin Ladi/Riyom constituency in the House of Representatives between 2015 and 2019, before he was elected to the Senate, said, “But by and large, my three point agenda for Plateau North, is; first of all secure the people through peace not through arms, and through constructive engagement of the communities. “Secondly, is to reconcile the people on the pillars of forgiveness and restitution. “We forgive ourselves of what we have done, and we restitute in the way of, if you are occupying someone’s land or property that does not belong to you in the process of the unrest that happened in this place, you have to give it back. “You can’t be convicted for corruption and still retain the proceeds of crime, its not done”, he explained. “So if forgiveness is undertaken, you cannot retain the things that belong to other people in the process of this unrest, you know that they are not your own and you took ownership of them. “Thirdly, we empower the people, and I’m glad that the state government and other stakeholders have adopted that as a deliberate policy. “Our hope, desire and wish is that, we become a model of recovery and resilience.”