Following the call by the Senate Minority Leader, Enyinnaya Abaribe asking President Buhari to step aside over the increasing level of insecurity in the country, many Nigerians have joined in the call. DAILYPOST correspondent in Imo state, to this effect, had a number of interviews with some concerned Nigerians. Speaking with the national President of the Association of Southeast Indigenous Town Unions ASETU, Chief Emeka Diwe, he said no right thinking Nigerian, no matter party affiliation, will cover up with the country’s security ills. Diwe, a human rights activist regrette that the wind of change as professed by Mr. President during his campaign has blown more trouble to the nation. He stated categorically that the President has failed particularly to tackle the issue of security which, according to him, has become a menace ravaging the country. In the same vein, he said all service Chiefs serving under Mr. President are ‘unserviceable service chiefs’ who are only carrying out the directives of their paymaster hence, should also be shown the way out. “If President Muhammadu Buhari wants the insecurity to stop in Nigeria, he must call the Fulani herders to order because they are the root cause of insecurity in the country.” He saluted the gallantry of Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, counting him as among the very few Igbos who have so far exhibited rare legislative quality. Meanwhile, he has described the call as one which every Nigerian should support, insisting that Mr. President’s resignation will save the nation a great deal. Also the Chairman of Action Alliance in Imo State, Hon. Anthony Ahaneku, in an interview expressed worry at the height of insecurity currently witnessed in the country. Although, he admitted that the state Action Alliance party has a robust relationship with the President but that, according to him, it is not enough to keep mum when things are going the wrong way. Ahaneku said that the current security situation in the country is one that everyone should be concerned about. The AA boss noted that it was in the light of the foregoing that the presidency vehemently kicked against the ‘operation Amotekun’ in the Southwest and ‘Massob/Ipob’ in the Southeast. He alleged that a handful is feeding fat from the country’s current state of unrest. Hon. Reuben Obijiaku, the Imo state chairman of Majaparty also in his reaction, condemned Mr. President’s ‘I don’t care’ attitude towards insecurity, accusing him of using ‘double standards’ since his coming on board in 2015. Chief Obijiaku said that until the President resigns honourably, the country will continue to battle with many security issues. Also speaking during a phone interview the Special Adviser to immediate past governor of Imo state on Research, Hon. Ogubundu Nwadike, claimed that a lot has been said about the President’s lackadaisical attitude towards the safety of Nigerians. To this end, he advised the President to take the path of honour and resign, as many Nigerians, according to him, have no more confidence in his government. The Imo state born SA described the killings of Nigerians on a daily basis as barbaric. He said that this has indeed given a bad image to the country before the international community. A social media influencer and the Director General of Hope Uzodinma’s Official New Media, Mbazuwigwe David Asikaogu in his reaction, described the call as a hate speech, asking that the senator be called to order. He said that President Muhammadu Buhari should not be blamed for the country’s insecurity, maintaining that insecurity was part of the ills inherited from past administrations. Mr. Asikaogu further accused the callers of the President’s resignation of acting in defense of their principals who have failed to see anything good in APC administration. Meanwhile, he has asked that the president be allowed to concentrate, describing such calls by Senator Alaribe as capable of fanning the embers of disunity. On the service chiefs, he said it won’t be to the interest of all Nigerians to call for their sack, as he further described the call as unacceptable. Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe is representing Abia South at the upper chamber of the National Assembly.