The Zamfara State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has faulted the claims by the faction loyal to the former governor of the state, Abdulaziz Yari, that chieftains of the party were being persecuted in the state. Yari’s faction of the APC in the state had on Tuesday during a visit to the National Chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole in Abuja, said they were raising the alarm over the alleged persecution of party chieftains by the Zamfara State Government. However, in a statement issued in Abuja by Alhaji Surajo Garba Maikatako, factional chairman of Senator Kabiru Garba Marafa, noted that there was no reason in all the claims made by former Gov Yari and his camp, pointing out that, Yari is reportedly jealous of the successes recorded by the state government in the area of security. The factional chairman said, “While we agreed that all political parties should be allowed to function without any hindrance, harassment and intimidation as guaranteed by the Constitution, the creation of a parallel government by ex-governor Yari as a politician was abusing and casting aspersions on the respected judicial process and the judgement of the Supreme Court should not be supported by any democrat. “There is a time for everything, this is time for governance and not politicking. Politics is over, but the monthly meeting of Yari’s drowning faction with the sole aim of distracting the state government from governance to politics, making unguarded utterances that threatens the fragile peace achieved in the state, calling on people to revolt against the government, is counterproductive and causing more harm than good, it must be discouraged by all,” he said. He, therefore, urged Yari to have fear of Allah and allow the new government in the state to do what he allegedly failed to do, saying that the party said he must allow peace to reign in the interest of the people of the state. The party also urged Oshiomhole to ignore what they tagged as, “Yari’s crocodile tears” For genuine reconciliation, the party urged the National Reconciliation Committee of the party under the leadership of Chief Bisi Akande to ignore Yari’s claims that all is well in the party in the state, stressing that APC remain divided ( two factions) in Zamfara state. It also called for the conduct of fresh congresses across the state for the sake of peace in the party. “To put the record straight, Yari should be reminded that he was the one that took APC and INEC to court after conducting his primary elections, asking the court to compel APC to forward the names of his handpicked candidates to INEC and compel INEC to accept his fabricated list of candidates. That was the genesis of our party problem. “You are the spoiler not our leader. What our leader (Sen Marafa) did, was to just join in the suit filed by you (Yari) as an interested party to defend his rights as enshrined in the constitution of Nigeria. “Equally untrue is the assertion that APC in Zamfara is now one under one leadership and can win elections in the state anytime. This is far from the truth! The fact is, APC remain divided. Our faction is back to court, challenging the outcome of the party Congresses conducted in 2018 and Yari’s faction cannot win election in Zamfara state today,” the statement concluded.