Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately order the arrest and prosecution of the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole over his outburst shortly after the Supreme Court’s ruling that sacked David Lyon as Bayelsa State governor-elect. DAILY POST reported on Thursday that a five-man panel of the Supreme Court held that Lyon’s deputy, Degi-Eremieoyo presented a forged certificate to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Angered by the court’s decision Oshiomhole had vowed that no one would be sworn-in as governor in the State, adding that Bayelsa would remain without a governor. Angry mob suspected to be supporters of the APC had attacked the premises of the Bayelsa State Broadcasting Corporation, damaging and looting valuables to protest the declaration of the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Senator Douye Diri, as the Governor-elect by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Bamgbose, in a statement to DAILY POST on Sunday, said it is really quite sad and unfortunate that Oshiomole could descend so low to incite violence because Supreme Court sacked Mr. Lyon, the APC candidate. According to the senior lawyer, one would have expected Oshiomole to have decorum in addressing the issue, but he wondered why the APC national chairman chose to throw decency in the dustbin and dared the Supreme Court judgment by submitting that there was no fruit of justice in it. He said, “That is an affront on the Supreme Court of the land. He [Oshiomhole] should be charged with contempt of law and he may likely spend about 3 months behind bar to purge himself of this contempt. “Oshiomole has actually outlived his usefulness in the Party. One still wonders why the party is still keeping him as the leader. “If Oshiomole is the best person in APC, to be the National Chairman, then it’s most unfortunate. He has done more damage to the party than good. I’ve reasons to believe that Oshiomole was sidelined in the scheme of things. “The recent outbursts of Oshiomole, is to say the least shocking. It’s however more shocking that the [President Muhammadu Buhari-led] Presidency has maintained a stoic silence. “One would have expected the Presidency to order the immediate arrest of Oshiomole not minding that he is the party leader. “He incited violence and should be dealt with according to the law. Oshiomole has exhibited and promoted political rascality and this should not go unpunished.”