The police in Ekiti State have arrested three secondary school teachers for allegedly having carnal knowledge of female students who were deemed to be minors. The three suspects, who are currently being detained at the police headquarters in Ado Ekiti, are from Osi Grammar School, Osi Ekiti in Ido/Osi local government area and All Saints Grammar School in Ado Ekiti metropolis. The Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Mr. Wale Fapohunda had last week raised the alarm over incessant cases of alleged rape in many of the secondary schools across the state. Fapohunda pledged that all the cases already reported to the government and security agencies will be investigated and the culprits prosecuted, to serve as a deterrent to others. The Public Relations Officer, Ekiti police Command, Mr. Sunday Abutu, confirmed the arrests, on Wednesday. The police spokesman said the suspects were alleged to have had sexual intercourse with the victims. Abutu said the teachers were reported to the police through a petition received from an activist (names withheld) that the suspects allegedly molested the victims sexually. “The suspects, one from Osi Grammar school and two from All Soul’s Grammar School are in our custody and they are giving us useful information. “We have invited the victims and they are giving useful information to us, as well. “But as of now, the victim from Osi Grammar School declined the allegation while being interrogated. “But we are not resting, we will get to the root of the matter”, he said. Abutu said the victims from All Soul’s have been invited by the police for interrogation, saying they are yet to give information concerning the incident. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Two students drown, die in Ekiti river Tears as bus crushes three pupils in Ekiti Yahoo yahoo: How undergraduates reacted to EFCC's arrest of EKSU students