The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Imo State has told Governor Hope Uzodinma that he lacks the powers to stop the party from protesting. The party said it won’t stop its protest over Supreme Court judgment that sacked Emeka Ihedioha as the State Governor. Governor Uzodinma had warned against any form of protest in the State. The governor said he will no longer tolerate and will deal with individuals and groups of persons sponsoring protests in Imo. He said there should be no more of such actions designed to destabilize his government activities and tamper with the peace of the state. However, in response yesterday, the PDP said it would continue to employ every legal means to vent its displeasure over the alleged miscarriage of justice until the Supreme Court reverses itself. The main opposition party also said it’s exploring every legal and constitutional means to recover the seats of all state legislators elected on the party’s platform and later defected to the All Progressives Congress, APC. Demian Opara, the PDP spokesman in the State said in a statement yesterday that the party would not be cowed by Uzodinma as it was the constitutional right of the party to protest injustice. It added, “The party shall keep on demonstrating/protesting within the constitutional right of her members to peacefully and publicly show our support to Governor Emeka Ihedioha, his deputy, Gerald Irona and our unacceptable tendencies towards the Supreme Court Judgment.” DAILY POST had reported that the Speaker of Imo State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Chiji Collins, alongside seven other members from the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have defected to the ruling All Progressives Congress. Members, who defected included Uche Ogbuagu of Ikeduru state constituency, Eddy Obinna for Aboh-mbaise, Kennedy Ibeh of Obowo, Crown Onyemaechi Njoku of Ihitte-Uboma, Kanayo Onyemaechi of Owerri west, Chiagozie Nwaneri of Oru-east, Dominic Ezerioha of Oru-west and the speaker who represents Isiala-Mbano state constituency.