Nigerians have been cautioned against cursing or blaming leaders for the nation’s challenges. The founder of the Hour of Mercy Prayer Ministry, worldwide (Ori Oke Alaseyori), Ibadan, Oyo State, Prophet Moses Muyideen Kasali, who gave the advice, also said some actions and inactions of some Nigerians leaders were dividing the country the more rather than uniting its people. He stressed the need for the leaders to always stand as symbols of national unity and cohesion for the country to experience peace and rest on all sides. The cleric spoke during the day eight of the annual Alaseyori 30 day fasting and prayer programme of the church holding between February 1 to 29, 2020 at the headquarters of the church, Ibadan. Prophet Kasali said most Nigerian leaders, past and present are found of acting as if they are for a particular people, especially where they come from which is not good for the unity of the country. “Before we can experience total rest in the country, those in position of authority must start acting like real Nigerian, national and detribalized leaders. “When you see a Yoruba, Ibo or Hausa leader in Nigeria, you will see in their dressing where or tribe they actually came from. They are promoting tribe not unity of the country they profess.” Speaking on the recent call by a member of a national assembly that President Muhammadu Buhari should resign because of insecurity in the country, the cleric said that is not the solution to the country’s myriad of problem. “If Buhari resigned from the position who will take over? It is God who put all leaders our President in position of authority. All we need to do is to come together in unity and go to God in prayers and intercede for our country. If President is helpless about our problems only God can solve it.” On why the people must continue to pray for their leaders, he said “Christians, Muslim and traditionalists in the country are found of cursing and blaming our leaders in Nigeria. Let us try to pray for them and we will see how God will teach them what to do in order for us to get over our numerous challenges. We may not know those curses are working against their performance in office.” Prophet Kasali, who threw his weight behind the establishment of Amotekun security outfit in the Southwest, said it’s the best thing to have happened in the country in recent times. “In fact, it is the best thing we need now. When it eventually become operational, security challenges in the region will be a thing of the past. He, however, warned that it should not be allowed to be hijacked by the politicians. “It should be strictly for the security and protection of lives and property of the people. Their operatives should not be used for political activities which conventional police should be engaged for.” On the killing of a Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) leader in Adamawa state, the cleric expressed disappointment at the action taken by CAN and Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN). “I am not against the ransom paid to secure the release of the late man of God, but does it mean God doesn’t answer prayers again? “It is shameful. Where is our faith and power of God will ought to apply. I never see sense in what CAN, PFN did in the case of the slain pastor. Even if we pray, was it with one spirit. We are blaming our leaders but we citizens are leaders never examine ourselves.” The man of God lamented that religious leaders are fearful and can no longer speak the truth. “The foundational unity of Christianity has been lost. It all about competition to get and amass wealth, private jets and not competition for the power of God that is why strange messages are coming from our pulpits these days.”