Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Suspected bandits invaded Batsari Local Government Area of Katsina State and killed 33 people in two villages. The criminals invaded Tsauwa and Dankar villages around 6:30pm on Friday evening, burning several houses, animals and property worth millions of Naira. This incident was confirmed to newsmen by the State Commissioner of Police, CP Sanusi Buba on Saturday. 2. The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency, LASEMA, says the man who jumped into the lagoon on Saturday from an Uber taxi is a 22-year-old Daibo Davies. The incident occurred around 11am at the Third Mainland Bridge. Director-General of LASEMA, Dr Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, gave an update in an interview. The official said that LASEMA was collaborating with other agencies in the rescue operation. 3. The Presidency, on Saturday, cautioned a section of the political class against misleading the public and inciting protests against the heads of military institutions. Garba Shehu, spokesman to President Muhammadu Buhari, in a statement, said the warning became necessary in view of received reports that about two thousand men and women were allegedly hired to demonstrate against Nigeria’s service chiefs on Monday. 4. Leader of Boko Haram terrorist group, Abubakar Shekau, has threatened to ‘‘deal’’ with the Minister of Communications, Dr Isa Ali Pantami, following his alleged threat that he will ensure that their communication lines are disrupted. Shekau in a new video advised Pantami to become a good Muslim and stop following the infidels. He said Patami lacks true knowledge of Islam and must change his ways. 5. The Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike has referred to the APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole as a man of no character. Wike in his fresh response to Oshiomhole’s earlier attack called for the resignation of Oshiomhole for failing to stop the inauguration of Bayelsa State Governor, Douye Diri, as he earlier boasted. 6. The Supreme Court has fixed February 18 for hearing in the fresh application by ousted Imo governor, Emeka Ihedioha of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He is challenging the January 14 judgement which ordered the swearing in of Hope Uzodinma of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as governor. A former special adviser to Ihedioha confirmed the date on Saturday. 7. Professor Pat Utomi, a renowned economist has said that most citizens have lost hope and given up on Nigeria. He called for an urgent national dialogue on the political future of Nigeria and on security challenges. The former presidential candidate of African Democratic Congress (ADC) spoke on Saturday in Abuja at a citizens’ conversation on the state of the nation, NAN reports. Utomi noted that it was high time concerted efforts were made to fix the numerous problems in the country. 8. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has called on the Inspector General of Police, Adamu Mohammed, to immediately call the factional National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole to order by questioning and prosecution him for incitement. The party said the violence and arson being perpetuated by APC agents in Yenagoa, Bayelsa state capital, on Friday, was in furtherance of Oshiomhole’s inciting call that no governor would be sworn-in in Bayelsa state, contrary to the judgment of the Supreme Court. 9. The Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Bayelsa State Council, has condemned in strong terms the Friday attack on the state owned radio station, by angry youths suspected to be supporters of the All Progressive Congress (APC). In a statement, signed by state Chairman, Comrade Samuel Numonengi and Secretary Comrade Ogio Ipigansi, they decried the situation where a Radio Station becomes the target of political violence. 10. Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, has vowed that with his parents now out of the way, the struggle for the actualization of Biafra will know no bounds. Writing on Facebook on Saturday, Kanu also thanked members of the IPOB who defied all threats to attend the burial and “shamed” those he described as “enemies.” Nnamdi Kanu boasted that “even the satan is afraid” of the IPOB.