The Minister of State, Mines and Steel Development, Dr Uchechukwu Sampson Ogah, has charged Federal Mining Officers to ensure strict compliance with mining regulations by operators in mining in the states. This was contained in a press release signed by Tine-Iulun, M. A, for Director, Press & Public Relations, Federal Ministry of Mines and Steel Development and forwarded to DAILY POST on Monday morning. The Minister who gave the charge when he visited the Federal Mining Office in Abeokuta during his one-day working visit to Ogun State, urged the staff to be committed towards ensuring that miners in the state adhere to mining regulations and operate under established guidelines; tasking them to work as a united team to ensure success is achieved. He added that the Ministry will ensure there is direct access between the Federal Mining Offices and the State Governments. Dr. Ogah enjoined them to work towards generating more revenue by making sure mining companies in the state pay due royalties, saying that with the large deposit of limestone in the state, and the number of mining companies, generating more revenue could be achieved. In his brief, the Zonal Inspector, Southwest, Donatus Uba, said the zone is working out modalities to sensitize companies on the dangers of storing explosives and detonators without informing the Mines officers or adhering to safety rules; noting that such negligence could result in explosions and loss of lives and property. He thanked the Ministry for providing funding for Mines Surveillance Taskforce Vehicles for the zone and requested for improved welfare for the staff in the zone. Also, the Federal Mines Officer, Ogun State, Engr Ayelabola Olubunmi disclosed that a campaign, tagged, “Zero Campaign Against Artisanal Mining” has commenced, to curb the spate of illegal mining and increase the revenue generation in the state. He assured of the state office’s commitment to increase its revenue base as it is set to ensure due royalties are collected from mining companies.