A socio-cultural organization in Imo State, Orluzurumee Youth Assembly(OYA), has condemned the series of protests being sponsored by warring parties over the outcome of the Supreme Court judgment, which sacked Rt. Hon. Emeka Ihedioha and affirmed Senator Hope Uzodinma as the duly elected Governor of Imo state. DAILY POST recalls that the Supreme Court of Nigeria had last month, declared Uzodinma, the candidate of the APC in the 2019 governorship election as Imo Governor. A seven-man panel of the apex court led by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, Tanko Muhammad, unanimously declared Hope Uzodinma, the winner of the March 9, 2019, governorship election and the validly elected governor of the state. In the judgment read by Justice Kudirat Kekere-Ekun, the judges unanimously agreed that the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) was wrong to have excluded some votes from the scores of Uzodinma. The judge said with the result, the APC governorship candidate polled a majority of lawful votes and ought to have been declared the winner by INEC. But, Orluzurumee, in a press release issued by its Publicity Secretary, Comrade Odunze Chibuike and made available to reporters in Umuahia on Saturday, berated, particularly the actions of the opposition PDP and lamented that the needless protest has continued to disrupt the economic activities of the state. According to the statement by the socio-cultural youth group, “for almost one month, every other day in Imo state has witnessed people wearing black attires and flooding the streets of Owerri. It is easy to draw a line between genuine concerns and political grandstanding, and in the scenario we now have in Imo, nothing whatsoever is genuine; everything is stage-managed, and every participant is rented. “Day after day, the rented agents of the PDP cause mass misery in Imo state by grounding economic activities and making life unbearable for our people through protests. Commercial motorists are lamenting. Petty traders are weeping. Artisans are frustrated. “As the apex youth platform in the state, we are perplexed beyond imagination over this ugly development. We are further saddened to recall that these youths who are today being used for protests were those who the former PDP government in the state never had any regard for. “To be clear, the ousted government of the PDP never hid their disdain for the progress of Imo youths. What else, apart from deep-rooted disbelief in and hatred for the youths, could have accounted for the reality that the defunct PDP regime brought in old, retired, tired and worn-out men and women and gave them positions they had lost the strength, aptitude, and vigour to hold? “Under the PDP short-lived tenure, a former minister became a commissioner. A former governor became a sanitation officer. The State Executive Council was staffed by godfathers and their completely clueless lackeys. Virtually all old elements who had been in the corridors of power for four decades were brought back to power once again. Some of them had won elections in their twenties, yet in their sixties and seventies they still could not give way to the youths. This is wicked! How else can the youths grow? How else can Imo develop? In view of technological advancements, are the youths not more efficient, proficient and competent than these old men? Yet, Imo youths were never seen as relevant by the PDP for meaningful positions. Today, our youths are being used for protests. Our strong message to the PDP and their kingpins is clear: Go and bring your children to protest, and stop using the children of the poor who your administration even impoverished the more. “Again, we are strongly opposed to the idea of bringing women, our mothers, out in the streets for protests. Imo PDP, during the last dispensation, never had any respect for Imo women. Of all the 27 House of Assembly tickets, PDP did not give a single ticket to any Imo woman. For all the House of Representatives slots, none was given to a woman. For the Senatorial slots, no single woman was nominated. For governorship and its deputy, no woman featured. How then can a government and a political party like that be pulling our mothers out to the streets for aimless protests? It is reprehensible, evil, and should be condemned by all civilized minds”.