Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. A committee chaired by the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, has been set up by President Muhammadu Buhari to look into the updated security requirement by foreign countries before citizens are granted visa. The committee was set up following the visa ban slammed on Nigeria by the United States. A statement by Femi Adesina, Special Adviser to President Buhari on Media, charged members of the committee to work with the Government of the United States, INTERPOL, and relevant stakeholders to ensure proper implementation of the updated requirements. 2. The Are Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, Gani Adams, has said that anyone opposing the Southwest security outfit, Amotekun will be struck dead by Yoruba gods. At a South-West Security Stakeholders Group summit in Osogbo, Osun State, Adams said no form of threat over South West’s decision to set up the security outfit in the region will be tolerated. 3. The United States has further explained why visa restrictions on Nigerians and citizens of other countries became necessary. According to the US, Nigeria failed to comply with the established identity-management and information-sharing criteria meant to be checked by the performance metrics. The country further alleged that Nigeria has constantly failed to share information on public safety and the activities of terrorists necessary for general security. 4. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, issued a statement on Saturday, asking Nigerians to not only blame President Muhammadu Buhari government and the All Progressives Congress, APC, for the travel ban on Nigerians by the United States but to also hold the government responsible for the negative impacts of the restriction. It said the development was another huge misfortune brought by the Buhari Presidency in addition to escalated bloodletting and human rights violations. The statement was issued by PDP’s spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan. He also highlighted the consequences of the ban. 5. Report has it that the combined efforts of the Nigerian Army and the Nigerian Air Force successfully repelled an attack on Askira Local Government Area with a huge casualty recorded by the insurgents. According to the report, the insurgents came in a convoy of 13 gun trucks to attack the military base and communities but met strong resistance when a fighter jet arrived, killing many of them. It was the 10th of a similar attack since this year. 6. The Senior Pastor of Omega Fire Ministries Worldwide, Apostle Johnson Suleman, has written a letter to President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina over their disagreement following an article titled: ‘Beheaded Adamawa pastor: CAN got it mixed up’ written by Adesina. In the letter, Suleman alleged that president Buhari was surrounded by the wrong people who are painting him wrongly as he is not exactly the bigot alleged by many. 7. The indigenous people of Biafra (IPOB) has hailed the leadership of the US Republicans Party in Iowa for inviting their leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu to Trump’s campaign rally at Des Moines Iowa as a VIP. IPOB disclosed that Kanu was a special guest at the rally which held on Thursday. It said that it was an irony for its leader tagged as a terrorist by the Nigerian government to be seen as an important personality in an event attended by the President of the United States of America. This was contained in a statement by IPOB’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful. 8. The Taraba State Police Command has confirmed the abduction of the Vice-Chairperson of the Nigeria Bar Association, NBA, Jalingo branch, Zeinab Nashimi, on Friday evening. The Police Public Relations Officer, DSP David Misar, confirmed the abduction when contacted. Misar said the police were aware of the abduction of one lawyer whose house is located behind Central Bank of Nigeria, By-Pass ATC, Jalingo. He said efforts were on not only to rescue the lawyer but also to get rid of kidnappers in the state. 9. Speaker, Nancy Pelosi has said it was callous for President Trump to have added countries like Myanmar, Eritrea, Kyrgyzstan, Nigeria, Tanzania and Sudan to countries on visa restriction list. Nancy said that the ban will have negative impacts on US security, values and the rule of law. In a statement, she said the ban was un-American. 10. Imo State Governor, Hope Uzodinma, is optimistic that his return to office will stand and cannot be reversed at the Supreme Court. Speaking with the State House correspondents after a closed-door meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari on Friday in Abuja, Uzodinma said the matter was already sealed and there is nothing anyone can do about it.