There is tension in Uwherhun Community in Ughelli North Local Government Area of Delta State as suspected Fulani herdsmen allegedly invaded and killed eight persons in the Urhobo Kingdom. Indigenes and residents have abandoned their homes for fear of not being killed as the Fulani herdsmen took over their lands. The tragic events began on Thursday, February 13, and resulted in the killing of two persons. The rampaging Fulani herdsmen ambushed and killed four other persons Friday night during the lover’s day celebration, DAILY POST can report. The Fulani herdsmen shot sporadically in the town on Saturday morning before they killed two other people. President-General of Uwherhun Community, Mr. Cassidy Akpedafe confirmed the report in a telephone chat with Our Correspondent. Akpedafe said the Fulani herdsmen killed two people when some of their indigenes went to Avwroh Community, a subclan in the Kingdom on Thursday. According to Akpedafe, “Yesterday(Friday) in the night, four people were killed in Agadama. This morning, there is heavy shooting. About two people died now as we are talking. ” So, they have invaded the whole Kingdom. As we are talking now, they said they’re passing the other side of Avwroh to the Kingdom coming to the Grammar School in the main town. “So, we are calling on the Local Government Chairman to come to our aid. We have no access to the whole Kingdom. What we need now is protection first and how we can chase them away from our Kingdom. That’s what we want the Government to do for us. ” Our people no longer have accommodation because they(Fulani Herdsmen) have taken over everywhere.” Contrary to the claims of the President-General of Uwherhun Community, the Delta State Commissioner of Police, CP Hafiz Mohammed Inuwa in a telephone chat with Our Correspondent in Warri said, “It is a rumor.” CP Inuwa noted that “Both the Military and the Police are combing the bushes. Not a corpse has been found. If there is any, I will let you know. This is a national security issue, and we will not take it easy. The police have nothing to hide. If there’s any such thing, I will let you know.” he said