Dear friend, If you want a 100% natural treatment, that naturally fight diabetes, normalizes blood sugar and reverses type 2 diabetes without depending on prescription drugs or insulin injections, then this short message will show you how. Here’s the gist: Within few weeks, I was able to slash 80points from my fast rising blood sugar, using a special “Diabetes Reversal Remedy” that saved me from amputations, constant fear, anxiety and pain due to my type 2 diabetes. The diabetes breakthrough you are about to discover on this page is twice as effective as the leading type 2 drug at normalizing blood sugar, fixing insulin resistance, stopping neuropathy pain, preventing blindness, amputations and other diabetes problems.  The herbal remedy have been used successfully by over 2,300 Nigerian men and women, and it have helped type 2 diabetics eliminate the need for drugs and insulin injections while helping type ones greatly reduce their drug and injection dosages. Click here to see the herbal remedy that reverses type 2 diabetes and normalizes blood sugar level http://naturehealthreach.com/diabeteskit/ Without wasting time, here’s the full story: My name is Mrs. Victoria, and for several years, I was battling with type 2 diabetes. For these 10 years, I always had to worry about which foods would spike my blood sugar, so I was always cautious about the foods I eat. But aside that my normal daily routine was that: – I had to prick my fingers with painful and expensive lancets…
– I was constantly anxious and stressed about maintaining my weight, and tracking my blood sugar…
– I spent quite some good amount of money on insulin every month. It all got worse one day, when I collapsed in the towers of the ministry where I worked as a public servant in Abuja. It was like a shock to every one of our colleagues. I was rushed to the hospital, and our doctor confirmed that my type 2 diabetes has gotten to a critical stage, that I was at risk of being amputated. I can still recall the tears in the eyes of my children, and the grief my husband felt when he heard the news that my type 2 diabetes has deterioated my health, and I could be amputated within few months. After I was discharged from the hospital, I decided to start searching for an alternative cure that could help reverse my type 2 diabetes or at least improved my health a little. Gradually, I discovered some truth about diabetes. You see, countless studies from scientists and doctors all over the world have proven that people with type 2 diabetes can normalize blood sugar, increase insulin sensitivity, end neuropathy pain, lower risk of blindness, amputations and be taken off all diabetes drugs and insulin injections. Patients with type 1 diabetes are also able to greatly reduce drug and insulin dosages while lowering blood sugar. But this life changing, ground-breaking information will always be kept hidden from the public… Considering that all of these studies are decades old, and in the years since, millions of people have been diagnosed with diabetes and millions have needlessly died from this disease, you can safely say that this information will stay secret. Diabetics will forever be kept in the dark about these powerful life-saving methods. By keeping this information away from the public, the pharmaceutical companies just saved themselves from losing 370 million customers and billions of dollars in profits – and in doing so condemned hundreds of millions of people to early death – all in the name of profit. Now imagine if you knew the truth… Imagine if you had access to all of this suppressed and covered up medical research and the exact methods thousands of diabetics used to become completely healed. No more needles No more expensive and dangerous diabetes medications No more finger pricking or test strips No more trips to the doctor for disappointing test after disappointing test No more frustration and embarrassment If you are tired of being lied to and are ready to finally learn the truth about this disease and find out how tens of thousands of type 2 diabetics completely reversed their diabetes, normalized their blood sugar and were taken off all medication and injections, then read on. During several month of research in getting a natural treatment for my type 2 diabetes, I came in contact with an old time friend, who was also a health consultant, he recommended a herbal remedy that have been used by over 2,300 Nigerian men and women to reverse their type 2 diabetes and normalize their blood sugar level after completing their therapy. He assured me that the herbal supplements were NAFDAC Approved, have no side effects and works effectively to reverse type 2 diabetes in the shortest time possible. At first, I was skeptical after spending so much on drugs and medications. But my husband advised we give it a trial. I started using them, 2 capsules morning and 2 capsules in evening before meals. Also, I drank the herbal tea that came with it 1 tea bag morning and evening. In few weeks of using it, I noticed my blood sugar level became normal, and I didn’t need any insulin injections. The herbal supplements helped me boost my metabolism and made my Diabetes never come back. Click Here to get it  http://naturehealthreach.com/diabeteskit/ To ensure I had really breakthrough from type 2 diabetes, I schedule an appointment with my Doctor, for another test before the surgery. When the test results came out, he was surprised at the results he got. My blood sugar level was very low. He asked me if I changed my diet or what exactly did I do to reverse my serious case of type 2 diabetes. I explained to him how I came about the herbal remedy which I will show you in few minutes. From then on, he decided to recommend this diabetes destroyer supplements to every one of his diabetic patients with a severe case. The joy of my husband, I and the kids knew bounds. It was like a miracle. My type 2 diabetes had disappeared, I no longer had to worry about the kinds of foods I ate, or having to bear the pains of sticking myself with insulin needles. I no longer felt tired easily, or worried about being a burden to my family. Of course, we were very happy… but we decided to do something special that could save the life of thousands of people suffering from diabetes. We decided to tell as much friends, families and church members about our new discovery that reverses diabetes and normalize blood sugar/glucose level. Everyone of them that we shared our discovery with came back and were marveled at the results they got, they were able to defeat diabetes using this natural herbal remedy. Get the Diabetes Remedy kit here: http://naturehealthreach.com/diabeteskit/ 5 out of 5 came back happily about how it reverse their type 2 diabetes, restored their blood sugar levels to normal, and they gladly recommended it to their relatives as well. Today, I want you to be among one of the very few people in Nigeria who know how to Defeat Your Type 2 Diabetes… Without wasting time, let me show you the exact 
herbal remedy I used to reverse diabetes, repair 
pancreas, and helps you eliminate your 
medications forever… Introducing… “Diabetes Remedy Kit” “100% Natural HERBAL REMEDY to Completely Reverse type 2 or type 1 Diabetes, Normalize Blood Sugar Levels and Repair Pancreas” “UG Capsules & AKUM Tea” This is a program which consists of natural herbal supplements (UG capsules and AKUM tea) which helps to deal with the effect of diabetes and also gradually reduces the blood sugar level in the system until you finally become FREE as you use them. These 2 herbal products (UG capsules and Akum tea) have been proven to help normalize blood sugar levels, works tremendously for insulin and non-insulin diabetes and reverses diabetes within the shortest time possible. They have the highest international certifications of approval and also approved by NAFDAC. They are made from 100% herbal extracts and have no side effects at all. Let me explain these 2 herbal products, their functions and how they help you normalize your blood sugar levels… UG Herbal Capsules contains 60 capsules,
Dosage: 2 capsules 2 times daily before or after meal UG capsules mainly contains herbal extracts: spondias mombin 50%, euphorbia hirta 35% and Allium sativum 15% Research scientists have proven that spondias mombin, a medicinal plant have been evaluated to successfully treat diabetic patients. The main reason this is possible is due to the peak hypoglycemic effect of spondias mombin, hence which justifies its use for the treatment of diabetes mellitus. Another consituent of UG capsules, Euphorbia hirta, is an herbal extract found in india and Australia. It is also known to have the same hypoglycemic effect, and have been in use for many years as traditional medicine for diabetes. It’s also used for diabetic wound healing. AKUM TEA contains 40 tea bags
To be taken 1 tea bag morning and evening Akum tea is a sure blend for the treatment of insulin dependent and non-insulin dependent diabetes. It contains herbal extracts such as mistletoe and anacardium ocidentale. Make no mistake about it, these are rare, herbal plant extracts that will help you effortlessly kickstart your type 2 diabetes reversal, fills your body with the exact nutrients to help repair your pancreas, and say goodbye to your type 2 diabetes in few weeks. Plus, you will be able to stop using your overpriced drugs or insulin shots… because you’ll reteach your body to regulate blood sugar on its own. Once you start using these 2 natural herbal therapy, you will increase your metabolism, increase your insulin absorption rate, melt away fat, giving you more energy and lowering your risk of heart diseases. With the Diabetes Remedy kit, you can say goodbye to a life full of frustration and fear, and start enjoying freedom from diabetes. Click here now to get the Diabetes Remedy kit: http://naturehealthreach.com/diabeteskit/ Here’s how the Diabetes Remedy Kit works… – Take 2 capsules of the UG herbal capsules, morning and evening before meals. – Also, put 1 tea bag of the Akum tea in the kettle, add water. Boil for 3 minutes. Drink warm. – Drink the tea in the morning and evening (that is twice daily). Within the first 1 month, over 60% of the people that have used it have recorded normal blood sugar levels. And within 2 months, all of the people we’ve recommended it for have reversed their type 2 diabetes. Within the next 60 days or less, you too could say goodbye to your type 2 diabetes. And to Prove it, Here Are What People Who Have used the Diabetes Remedy Kit Are Saying About it, and How They’ve Seen Tremendous Results from Using it… My doctor told me that Type 2 diabetes is a chronic disease, which means I was going to have it for life. They said there was no cure. After I came across the Diabetes Remedy kit, I decided to get it, took d herbal capsules n akum tea as recommended, been about 2 months, HBA1c is back at 4.3, so im no longer classed as diabetic. Got to say, your Diabetes Remedy kit is A LIFE SAVER. Alh. Abdullahi – Maitama, Abuja My wife ordered for Diabetes remedy kit for me. Within few weeks of using it, am surprised by the results have gotten. my sugar cravings are lesser, I’ve been able to keep my blood sugar is steadier for hours longer now. My wife is happy as my HbA1c and my bad cholesterol has dropped a bit on my last lab test. I was told if I keep this up I will be able to reverse my diabetes. I take it because getting my HbA1c down helped me in the bedroom if you know what I mean!” Mr. Gabriel – Trans-amadi, Port Hacourt I have been diagnosed with type-2 daibetes for years. Even with the medications, I was always worried about my blood sugar levels, so I was always testing 8 or 9 times daily. I was always careful about what I ate. Diabetes made my life miserable. A relative recommended your Diabetes remedy kit for me, and it helped me repair my pancreas, stopped managing my symptoms and I was experiencing results gradually. After using the kit, my doctor confirmed I’m diabetes free. you need to tell more people about this program, to save more lives and save people from amputations and heart diseases. Mrs. Aghedo (warri, delta) 6 years ago, my physician explained to me I had a severe case of type 2 diabetes. At that point, I decided to change to an healthier lifestyle to save my life bcos it took the life of my mum. But after several years, the medications were becoming too expensive and useless for me. I decided enough was enough, I would take complete control and would not let diabetes take my life away from my family and the effect it had on my family’s life. Few months ago, I stumbled on the Diabetes remedy kit, decided to give it a trial. I started using the UG capsules and akum tea, It helped bring down my blood sugar levels that my doc was surprised. I am happy to say my A1C now at 5.9 and I’m OFF diabetic meds. Mrs. Olayinka – Lekki, Lagos Truth is, I could load more and more testimonials/feedbacks from people who have used this Diabetes Remedy Kit, but I will only be saying the same thing… these products works like gangbusters! As we speak, lots of people are already raving about how effective the diabetes remedy kit is, and how it has helped them fix the root cause of the disease, repair pancreas, and naturally lower blood sugar. By word of mouth, there’s so much huge demand, supplies are going off the shelf fast… even my colleagues at work, picked up 17 of the Diabetes Remedy kit. So, there are just about 137 kits remaining. Right now, thousands of people are on this website… and stocks are extremely limited. We have no idea when the next stocks are going to arrive, so my advise to you is this: get your supplies now while you can! When you go ahead and place order now, you will get it at an affordable discount price. If you procrastinate, I cannot assure you that you will get it at the same discount price. If you start today, then less than 1 month from today, you could be free to enjoy life, and never again worry about diabetes-related early death or amputations. SO HOW MUCH IS THE DIABETES REMEDY KIT? Let me ask you… what’s something like this worth? What would you give to have your life back again, without the fear and pain of diabetes? To know that you’ll never have to stick yourself with a lancelet ever again? To be able to stop injecting yourself full of synthetic insulin? To never again have to worry about going blind, or kidney failure, or having a heart attack with no one around to save you? To finally stop taking all those ridiculously expensive diabetes drugs that don’t even work? To be able to tell the Big Pharmaceutical & MLM companies that they can’t have your money anymore? To do all this while losing weight, looking younger, and having better sex than you’ve had in years? Once you start using the Diabetes Remedy Kit, within 30 – 60 days from now, you will say goodbye to diabetes, and of course, you’ll never have to look for another solution to Diabetes! Imagine the look of shock on your doctor’s face… When he tells you that your blood sugar is completely normal, just WEEKS after you were diagnosed with an “incurable” disease… When he asks you, “How did you do this? None of the diabetes drugs are capable of this! What did you do?” How much would you give for this? You see, you won’t pay a lot for this Diabetes Remedy kit. And if you go ahead and get it now, you will enjoy… => the discount introductory price => 100% FREE Shipping to every state in Nigeria => Payment at the point of delivery (or at your DOORSTEP) This means you will pay for the products only when it has been brought down to you face to face by our courier company or delivery man. Here’s a breakdown of the price (depending on the supply you are ordering for) … Diabetes Remedy Kit 1 Month Pack
2 UG capsules (120capsules) + 1 Akum tea  DISCOUNT PRICE = N30,000  DISCOUNT PRICE = N55,000 Yes, for this small price, you will get access to the Diabetes Remedy kit and start using it. The Diabetes Remedy pack is worth much more considering how much money you’re going to spend on trying to manage your Diabetes, and considering how much our health mean to us and our loved ones. For this extremely low price you can start getting your health back, jumpstart your pancreas, make your body remember how to absorb insulin and ensure your blood glucose stay at a healthy, normal level. You’ll be able to stop taking insulin injections, and completely reverse your diabetes, without using chemical drugs, and without any side effects whatsoever! The specially recommended option is for 2months pack, obviously it has more quantities of the UG capsules, so you get the perfect and desired results from it, and you’ll never spend money again on this. The 2months pack is also for severe diabetic patients. However, both the 1month pack and 2months pack options will give excellent results when you make use of them. Like I said earlier, this is an extremely limited offer. It will not be available for a long time, it’s either we go out of stocks, or the price goes up soon, so you may end up paying at an increased price if you procrastinate. So go ahead, order for it right away and start using it to repair your pancreas, reverse type 2 diabetes, normalize blood sugar levels and say goodbye to your expensive diabetic medications & insulin injections! Click here to get the diabetes remedy kit and start using it to normalize blood sugar levels: http://naturehealthreach.com/diabeteskit/ Best part is, there’s absolutely no risk on your part. Here’s what I mean: You don’t have to pay first before you get this product. We have payment on delivery option for you get the items. Once you place your order, our marketing firm sends the item to your state through our courier delivery service. Once it get to your state, our delivery man picks up item and bring it to your provided address. Next, you collect your item and pay the money to the delivery man that brings it for you. No extra cost, no risk whatsoever! Depending on your location in your state, delivery takes within 2 – 4 business days after you’ve placed an order. Warning, for payment on delivery option (please, serious buyers only): Ensure that you have the cash available with you before placing order Ensure that you have gone through the website, understood the supply and prices for each option Make sure you are available for the delivery (nationwide delivery is within 2 to 4 working days, while Lagos receives it within the next day) Follow the instructions below to place order, and get 
 the products delivered to your doorstep 
 (payment on delivery)
 
This means you will pay for the products only when it has been brought 
down to you face to face by our courier service agent 
 
 Pay on Delivery Option Available to All States in Nigeria Here’s How to Order for Your DIABETES REMEDY KIT Today at the Special Discount Price Depending on the option that you are ordering for… *If you are ordering for “1 Month pack”… indicate the code “DIABETES REMEDY KIT 1month PACK” in your text message… *If you are ordering for “2 Months pack”… indicate it “DIABETES REMEDY KIT 2months PACK” in your text message… DIABETES REMEDY KIT 1Month PACK – N30,000 DIABETES REMEDY KIT 2Months PACK – N55,000 Here’s what to send to us… Text the (the option you are ordering for) with the following information below… that is, Diabetes remedy kit 1month pack or 2months pack 1. Your Full Name
2. Your Phone Number
3. Delivery Address (home or office address) Send This Information as a text message to 08171182702 Please Note: Your delivery address must include (your street name, town, local govt and state). Detailed Enough to make it traceable by our courier delivery man that will come around to deliver to you. You will get a SMS and Call from us within 24 hours to confirm your Order Before we Parcel It Across to You. DELIVERY TIME Once we received your order, and your details are correct, you will receive an sms or call confirmation from us. Your products will then be sent to our courier delivery and the items should get to you within 2-4 Days for nationwide delivery to other state, and 1-2 days for orders within Lagos state. Note: The product will be packaged discreetly and no one else will know
what’s inside, and every other information will be kept
private and 100% confidential. Option 2 If you live in Lagos or Abuja, or nearby, you can also walk into our marketing department office to pick up the products. You will meet our team ready to give you these products at same price… That is you Pay at our office, and get it instantly Vantagesoft Marketing Enterprises
Block B, Suite 9, Primal Tek Plaza, Beside ECO centre, 
by Mokola Bus stop, opposite Gowon Estate Market,
Egbeda-Idimu road, Egbeda, Lagos. or Suite 3B, First Floor, Shopping plaza beside NNPC Filling station,
opposite LHS school, Ilo awela road, by Toll Gate Bus stop, Ota
off Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway or Abuja office Hub: EFAB MALL Extension, suite A-75, 
3rd Floor, off Gimbiya street, Garki, Area 11, Abuja, Fct. (Monday – Saturday 9am – 5pm) Customer support line: 08171182702 That is all you have to do to get access to the Diabetes Remedy kit. Go ahead, make the smartest decision of your life, get it now. Go here for the diabetes remedy kit : http://naturehealthreach.com/diabeteskit/ Remember, within the next 60 days or less, you would have jumpstarted your pancreas and reversed the real cause (and painful symptoms) of your type 2 diabetes. Think for a moment about your future and that of your family. If you don’t make the right decision to get it today, and decide not to change anything? You’ll try medicine after medicine, with no results, apart from the dangerous side effects such as weight gain and heart disease that come with them. You’ll have to continue with the annoyance and pain of blood tests and insulin injections. I’ve been once in the same shoes before. I know how it feel. I know how it hurts being a burden on your friends and your family. No doubt about it, this is a chance to naturally reverse your type diabetes, bring your blood sugar down to normal levels within the next few weeks. Remember, the Diabetes Remedy kit is the herbal solution that reverse type 2 diabetes, save you from amputations, and normalizes blood sugar/glucose levels. So now you’re faced with a choice: > You can continue along the same path, leaving your health to chance. > Or you can make the right decision and try out Diabetes Remedy Kit (UG capsules & Akum tea), for this low discount price… this powerful herbal remedy can start working its magic, normalize your blood sugar levels, and reverse type 2 diabetes in few weeks. To really make this an easy decision you have access to the risk-free pay on delivery option, free shipping and introductory discount offer (for serious buyers only). Take advantage of this natural formula NOW. Go ahead and place order now to get your risk-free supply of Diabetes Remedy Kit today. Click here to get it: http://naturehealthreach.com/diabeteskit/ Sincerely, Mrs. Victoria – 08171182702 Former Diabetes patient, and Underground Health Researcher