Senator Kashim Shettima, immediate past governor of Borno State has advised the Nigerian Defence Headquarters to speedily constitute a credible panel that should transparently generate facts on how 30 passengers lost their lives on Sunday night in Auno, Bormo state.
DAILY POST reported that the attack happened at Auno along the Maiduguri – Damaturu road leaving 30 people killed and 18 vehicles destroyed. The terrorists stormed the area at about 9:50pm on Sunday. Borno state governor, Professor Babagana Umara Zulum has since visited the scene of attacked. However, those who followed the governor and other security sources confirmed that aside the 30 people that were killed in the attack, the insurgents abducted passengers in three buses. Shettima who represents Borno Central Senatorial District at the Senate where Auno town is situated in Konduga local government area, gave the advise in a statement he released on Tuesday in Abuja “In recent days and weeks, there has been growing resurgence of unfortunate attacks by the callous Boko Haram in some parts of Borno state. Of them all, the incident at Auno on Sunday night has been the most dehumanizing and disturbing. “As Senator representing Borno Central where Auno is situated, I have the option of lobbying my colleagues and sponsoring a motion for the Senate to constitute an investigative panel on the Auno incident which clearly begs for some answers. “However, as someone who knows first hand the number of soldiers that have given their lives to protect the people of Borno State, I will prefer to concede to another option. “This option is that the Defence Headquarters, which coordinates and supervises all components of the Nigerian military, immediately constitute a multi-stakeholder panel of credible persons that should speedily gather all the facts relating to the Auno incident. “The panel should as a necessary condition, request representatives from Borno State Government, Auno community, bereaved families, transport unions etc. “The fact finding, which should be concluded within days, is to ensure justice and fairness for victims and to prevent future occurrence particularly by looking into the most acceptable and efficient motorists can be managed in the midst of the insurgency that we hope is ended soonest,” Shettima said. The former Governor commiserated with families whose loved ones were affected by the attack, the people of Auno, the state government and the entire people of Borno State