The National Patron of the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria, MACBAN, Sen Walid Jibrin, has charged armed Fulani bandits and kidnappers to turn a new leaf and contribute in their own little way to the development of the country. He also charged them to put a halt to their criminal and nefarious activities and be seen as major stakeholders in the country’s quest for a peaceful, united and prosperous country. Speaking at the 10th Year Anniversary on the stool of His Highness, Mai Loko, Abubakar Ahmed Sabo Umar at Lafia, Jibrin who is the Chairman, Board of Trustee of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, called on those still hiding in the bushes to come out and surrender their arms to government in order to enjoy government’s rehabilitation programme. In a statement signed by the Director Press Affair to Governor Abdullahi Sule in Lafia, Walid explained, “The Fulani in active collaboration with Miyetti Allah have begun to deploy internal cultural mechanism to convince those armed Fulani bandits and kidnappers who are still hiding in the bush to put a halt to their criminal and nefarious activities and contribute their quota to the development of the country.” He reaffirmed his unflinching commitment to continue supporting Governor Abdullahi Sule in his developmental strides, saying that as the leader of an opposition party, he would not reduce himself to petty politics of destructive criticism and condemnation of the ruling party. Jibrin assured that he would neither succumb nor subscribe to politics of unfair and relentless negative condemnation of government even if he is a member of the opposition. Speaking, the state governor, Abdullahi Sule, vowed not to relent in the effort to curb security challenges so as to make Nasarawa state the destination of choice for investors. In a remark, the immediate past Governor of the State, Senator Umaru Tanko Al-makura, charged the people of the state to be loyal and faithful to the government of Abdullahi Sulein order to achieve sustainable development. He said, Loko which is known for its pioneering prominence and prestige as a center of trade and commerce in the old Northern province of Nigeria, is now poised to reclaim its historical position of being the leading light for economic activities in Nasarawa state under the present administration. He said the policy thrust of governor Sule is championing “rapid industrialization” of the entire state, with a view to carrying all the people along in realizing its dreams and aspirations for the people.