The Seventy-four political parties recently deregistered by the Independent National Electoral Commission have been advised to come together and work out strategies to move Nigeria in the right direction as the nation’s political trajectory in the last twenty years is not likely to take it to the desired destination. This was contained in a communique signed by the Chairman of the Coalition, Mallam Bashir Yusuf Ibrahim, after its National caucus meeting and made available to DAILY POST on Saturday evening. The Coalition, which is made up of eighteen political parties, also advised the deregistered political parties not to put too much effort in litigation as the legal process is long, tortuous, expensive, uncertain and not necessarily worth the effort. This was coming barely after two weeks that the Independent National Electoral Commission(INEC) deregistered many political parties. But a federal High Court had this week restrained INEC from further deregistration of political parties and urged the electoral umpire to heed strictly with laws stipulating processes in deregistering parties. However, the Coalition advised parties who wish to embark on the struggle for a better Nigeria to come together to work out strategies for making lasting impact by changing the nature of politics in Nigeria away from the usual struggle for patronage and public office for personal gain to the struggle to free the nation from the bondage of corruption and bad governance at all levels. The statement reads partly, “Our Coalition has been very active in supporting the current administration at the electoral level and in its fight against insecurity, corruption and the restoration of economic growth but we see the deregistration of some of our members as an opportunity to rethink our strategy and reposition our collective assets towards the search for a better Nigeria beyond the pursuit of public office and the current administration”, says Bashir Yusuf Ibrahim, the Chairman of the Coalition. ”Politics is not just about power. It is, more importantly, about public service, empowering citizens in all facts of their lives and putting the interest of the nation above all personal, group and political considerations. Our support for President Muhammadu Buhari remains solid but we are thinking ahead and beyond the current dispensation towards a Nigeria that works for all Nigerians regardless of their position in life, political affiliations and geographical location. We want to dismantle the existing patronage system, which is created over the last twenty years and replace it with a merit-based system to enable every Nigerian access power, economic opportunity and social amenities regardless of any other consideration.” “As a Coalition, we see ourselves as multi-partisan. We take the opinion of each and every member of the Coalition into consideration before arriving at a decision. At our meeting, we agreed to endeavor to embark on a struggle for a better Nigeria and change the thinking of citizens from considering politics as a vehicle for self-fulfillment to one of collective fulfillment. No Nigerian should fulfill his or her aspirations at the expense of the aspirations of the rest of Nigerians. It is this attitude of the self above the nation that has brought us to this state of helplessness. We cannot get out of it without changing our foundational ideas about politics and service.” Members of the Coalition of Progressive Political Parties include, AAP, Accord, ACPN, APA, APM, FJP, Fresh, KOWA, NDLP, NNPP, PDM, SNP, UPN, UPP and YES. Present at the meeting were the National Secretary of AAP, Chief Oscar David Kalu, National Chairmen of Accord, Hon. Mohammed Lawal Nalado, National Chairman of ACPN, Alhaji Ganiyu Galadima, National Secretary of APA, Alhaji Isma’ila Umar Sifawa, National Chairman of APM Mallam Yusuf M. Dantalle. Others are, Deputy National Chairman of Fresh, Miss Chizoba Onu, National Chairman of KOWA, Alhaji Saidu Bobboi, Mallam Haruna Y. Shaba, National Chairman of NDLP Alhaji Umar M Maizabura, National Secretary of NNPP, Mr. Agbo Major, National Secretary of SNP, Mallam Yusuf Ibrahim, National Secretary of UPN, Alhaji Abubakar Abdullahi Sokoto, National Chairman of UPP, Chief Chekwas Okorie, National Chairman of YES Mr. Elem Chukwuemeka and the Chairman of the Coalition, Mallam Bashir Yusuf Ibrahim.