The Organizers of ‘Ultimate Love’ has reacted to some of the questions raised by DAILY POST about the activities that characterize the maiden edition of the show. DAILY POST had raised five key questions viewers are anxious about. But reacting, the organizers had advanced reasons why certain housemates were paired the way they are, stating that most of the pairing are similar to their profession A statement forwarded to DAILY POST, said the organizers’ ‘Love guests are cut from the same cloth. ”It’s not clear if it’s a coincidence, but it seems that a good number of the Love Guests are almost identical with regards to their occupation. The similarity was certainly unmissable as the lovers were introduced to the audience and viewers. ”For example, Cherry and Theresa both share a love for the stethoscope as doctors while Chris and Jay have a lot of fancy for buildings as architect and engineer respectively. Kachi, Nkechi, Obichukwu, Jenny Koko and Ebiteinye have an eye for business and financial transactions as entrepreneurs, marketers and accountants respectively, while there’s a rich repertoire of media personalities with the likes of Bolanle, Iyke, Louis and Mike. A host of creative performances are expected from Arnold, an actor and singer. Arnold, and David Wilson, a professional compere, while Rosie experience as a teacher will be very handy in the Love Pad. Certainly, this is a diverse field of a knowledgeable and interesting character.” Similarly, the organizers further stated that it has provided a guide, simply known as ‘Aunty’ that, will control the activities of the love guests. ‘Aunty, identified as Mrs Onyenokwe is a prominent counsellor and respected figure on topical issues like relationships, health and wellness. The love guest counsellor will also interact with them daily and support them in finding their perfect partners and true love. ”Ultimate Love is no different as it is a social experimentation of 16 Love Guests attempting to find their true love. Therefore, coordinating affairs in the Love Pad will require an experienced individual and that’s why veteran broadcaster and media entrepreneur, Adesuwa Onyenokwe, has been appointed as the governess for the maiden edition and will be referred to as “ ”Aunty has promised not to interfere consistently but allow the lovers to make their decisions as matured persons and bear the consequences of such actions,” they added.