There has been growing anxiety among political stakeholders in Taraba State over the long absence of the governor of Taraba State, Darius Ishaku from office. The Governor has been away since 22nd of December, 2019. Governor Ishaku was last seen publicly in Taraba state on the 19th of December, 2019 when he presented the 2020 appropriation bill to the state House of Assembly. According to those who expressed worries over the long absence of the governor in the State, the whereabouts of the Governor is a concern to all the people of the State particularly when activities of the State have been affected as a result of the absence of the Governor. Hon. Rimamde Betrus, a former aspirant for the House of Representative under the All Progressives Congresses, APC, from the southern part of the state while speaking with DAILY POST over the matter said almost every activity in the state had been put on hold since the absence of the governor two months ago. Rimamde said the rumours about the governor that he was sick should be clearly addressed by his handlers not just by displaying the Governor’s pictures on Facebook but also to explain why the Governor was away from the State for over two months without reasons. “Sometimes they will tell us he is in London, sometimes they will say he is in Abuja or Kaduna, why is he not in the State where he was elected to work as a Governor?” “I’m very hopeful that next time the people of the State are going to polls, they will know the kind of candidate to vote for. We should shun politics of money and give priority to the people that have interest of the State at heart” Rimande urged the governor to return to the State and work for the people and the State as he was elected to do. The chairman of APC Taraba State chapter, Barrister Ibrahim Tukur El-Sudi, also wondered why the Governor has decided to desert the State without due process. He said APC was determined to drag the Governor to court, should the House continue to remain mute from carrying its constitutional responsibilities. “The Governor’s long absence from the State over two months has crippled government activities, as civil servants have also deserted office. APC in the State would follow all legitimate paths to put the right pegs in the desired holes.” DAILY POST reliably gathered that the 2020 appropriation bill which was passed into law by the State House of Assembly last month was flown to Abuja by the speaker of the House of Assembly and other members of the assembly and was signed into law by the Governor. It was also gathered that all files from government house Jalingo are been flown to Abuja by commissioners and permanent secretaries from the State.