US-based members of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, under the aegis of PDP Diaspora Initiative, has commended the Supreme Court for the recent establishment of a panel to review the court’s January 14, 2020 judgment on Imo State governorship election. The January 14 ruling of the apex court sacked Governor Emeka Ihedioha and replaced him with the candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Senator Hope Uzodinma. In a statement to DAILY POST on Thursday signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Chidi Igwe, PDP Diaspora Initiative also thanked all lovers of democracy around the world who have joined their voices in condemning the earlier ruling by the Supreme Court. “When we issued our public call for the court to set up a panel to review that decision, we knew it was the right thing to do in order to restore the people’s confidence in the judicial system,” the statement said. “We want to commend the court for listening to the voice of the people, especially in the face of the rising condemnation of this act of injustice in Imo,” it said. The PDP Diaspora said that the whole world is watching, adding that there is no democratic country in the world where almost one year after a gubernatorial election, the declared winner of the election is suddenly removed and then replaced with another. It said that the court should stand for justice and should not allow itself to be unduly influenced by the ruling party, APC. “But what we do not want is for the Supreme Court to set up a panel just for the purpose of setting up a panel – a guise or camouflage to rubber-stamp a clear APC agenda to grab power by crooked means, even when the people of the state rejected them completely through the ballot box. “We are calling on the members of the panel to grow some backbone and stand up for justice and resist this obvious act of encroachment, power grab and over-reach by the ruling political party, APC. “The court must restore its own public image and restore justice in Imo State by reinstating Governor Emeka Ihedioha, whom the people of Imo State selected to be their governor through their own vote,” it added.