Doron Avni, Google’s Government Affairs and Public Policy Director has recounted how Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo helped the organization achieve remarkable success in Nigeria. Leading a delegation from Google Global Services in the United States, UN, on a courtesy visit to the Vice President, Avni described Osinbajo as an excellent partner of his organisation. Avni also disclosed that the firm has trained three million Nigerians since its pledge to train 10 million people in Africa. He stated that Google has been able to train three million Nigerians through the assistance of Osinbajo. Avni said: “Obviously, we have an excellent partner here (Prof. Osinbajo) who has been doing God’s work, it is thanks to leading partners like him that we are able to be helpful in communities in which we operate. “We had made a pledge to train 10 million people in Africa by 2022, I am happy to report to you that so far we have trained more than 5 million people. Most important is the fact that out of those 5 million, 3 million are Nigerians. “With the collaboration that we have with the Ministry of Education, we have now integrated some of Google’s curriculum on online safety into the school’s curriculum. So, we will be reaching 56 million students in Nigeria this year.” Avni stated that the company’s target of training up to 10 million people in Africa by 2022 was realizable. Earlier, Osinbajo said the Federal Government will support any partnership that addresses literacy and educational challenges including the problem of out of school children and girl child education in Nigeria. According to the Vice President: “It might help if we begin to look at something more in the area of literacy type skills because really, we are looking at how to expand the whole scope of education especially education for girls. “So, the question really is how we can use technology to make it easier for girls, in particular, to go to school, because if we somehow bring education to their doorsteps, it might take care of some of the problems around taking them out of their home environment. “For us, our education mandate is so crucial.”