The feud between current Deputy Governor of Borno State, Alhaji Usman Kadafur and his predecessor, Alhaji Usman Mamman Durkwa over the control of southern Borno may have come to an end with APC stakeholders from the area throwing their weight again, behind the current deputy governor. The leaders also handed a note of warning to the former Deputy Governor, Durkwa to stop parading himself as the leader in Hawul Local Government Area of the state. A statement by Hawul Local Government APC stakeholders made available to DAILY POST on Monday night, said “We need to state that we are here on behalf of our people to primarily tender our unreserved apologies to His Excellency, the Governor and his Deputy, the Government and good people of Borno State over the embarrassment caused by the conduct of some people purported to come from Hawul, just before the swearing in ceremony of Special Advisers to His Excellency the Governor.” The statement, which disowned the former deputy governor, Durkwa and his followers for continuing to embarrass the government, stressed that, “While we commend the decisive action taken by their Excellency by replacing the erring fellow, we wish to in totality disown all those who participated in that gross misconduct and their sponsors. We state for the records that it was neither in our character nor conduct, to disrespect leaders. “Our people at home were more worried with the development which portrayed us as being disloyal to the Government put in place by our own political party. In fact, we are under tremendous pressure to allow the masses of our people come to Maiduguri to show their support for the Government and explain that those who were hired to come and embarrass the Deputy Governor have ceased to be leaders of the APC in Hawul Local Government. “We pay special tribute to His Excellency, the Governor and our leader in Southern Borno, Umar Usman Kadafur, the Deputy Governor; for the harmonious working relationship and for making the people of Borno state the center point of their development agenda. “We also wish to place on record that the people of Hawul are ever grateful to His Excellency the Governor and his able Deputy for all the projects executed or being executed across Hawul Local Government during the short period they have been in office. “While we are not unaware of the clandestine activities of fifth columnists to cause disaffection and embarrass the Government, we state for the avoidance of doubt that any attempt by any person or group of persons to distract this government shall have the masses of this state to contend with, as this government has endeared itself to all citizens across political party divides. “We wish to state before you today, that we are determined to free our people from the tenacious hold of an individual or a few individuals who have been holding our collective destinies to ransom. We resolve to make this abundantly clear that Umar Usman Kadafur is the indisputable political leader in Southern Borno and we are committed to supporting him all the way. “As we all know, there can never be two captains on board the same ship. It is therefore most uncharitable for any individual to continue parading himself as the leader, when the Deputy Governor is around,” the statement said