Former Governor of Jigawa State, Sule Lamido has reacted to the Presidency’s attack on Northern Elders Forum over its statement on insecurity in Nigeria. The Northern Elders Forum, NEF, led by Prof. Ango Abdullahi had described Buhari’s administration as a failure over incessant killings and kidnappings. But Presidential Spokesman, Femi Adesina in a reaction, questioned their credibility and described the forum as a one-man army. Adesina said, “Ango Abdullahi is NEF and NEF is quasi-organization that boasts of no credible membership, and its leader is akin to a General without troops.” However, Lamido on his official Facebook page, said that the issues raised by NEF are that of Nigerians, even as he reminded Buhari of the group’s support for him earlier. The former governor advised Buhari to ignore advice from his aides, Femi Adesina and Garba Shehu and rather proffer immediate solutions to save the lives of Nigerians. Lamido further advised the president to reflect on why his allies left him after he got elected. His Facebook post reads, “I urge Buhari to reflect on the response in his defense made on the statement of the Northern Elders Forum on the STATE OF NATION ON SECURITY by Femi Adesina. “Sir, if you reflect on your political evolution from APP, ANPP, CPC to ACN the likes of Prof Ango and Hakeem Baba Ahmed and many more in the NEF have been your loyal troops through thick and thin and have never abandoned you even in defeat! “The question you should ask yourself as the president is why have these groups and parties abandoned you in Victory to political mercenaries like Femi and Garba who are with you only for the pay? “The issues raised are real and each and every Nigerian except Femi and Garba share these concerns, even you as our C in C claimed not to be aware of our insecurity situation until the likes of NEF raised the red alarm! “You need to also read the warning written by Elder Statesman Bashir Tofa to Nigerian Big Men on the analysis of Insecurity in Nigeria, our Sub Region and Africa. “I hope the General without troops Femi was referring to sarcastically is not you sir! You have many capable hands around you sir, listen to them, engage them.” Meanwhile, Buhari has failed to change his service chiefs who are overdue for retirement despite several calls by Nigerians for the change of tactics in the fight against Boko Haram, kidnapping and other criminalities.