The Abia State Executive Council has directed the Abia Independent National Electoral Commission (ABSIEC) to provide details of the cost and required logistics support to conduct local government elections in the seventeen local government areas of the state on or before September 30th, 2020. This is coming after the opposition All Progressives Congress(APC) and All the Progressive Grand Alliance(APGA) in Abia, frowned at the existence of Transition Committee chairmen in the seventeen local government areas in the state. The parties claimed that the development has paved way for those in political offices to continue looting the funds meant for the development of the local areas. But the Abia SEC in a press statement made available to reporters on Saturday by the State Commissioner of Information, John Okiyi Kalu, after its meeting presided by Governor Okezie Ikpeazu, held in the Executive Chambers of Government House Umuahia, applauded the efforts of security agencies in the state for maintaining the prevailing peace and tranquility in the State. It condemned in its entirety the failed attempts by political actors in the state to sponsor violence and anarchy through malicious publications and politically motivated protests aimed at inciting the people of the state into anarchical behavior. The Council re-emphasized that while government maintains its policy of none interference with active investigations by constitutionally empowered agencies, it will not sit idly by and watch desperate individuals or groups drag the state into avoidable chaos over issues that are at best under investigation. The SEC restated its determination to ensure that no ongoing project of the administration will be abandoned and directed the State Ministry of Housing to ensure that the new Government House at Ogurube Layout is ready for commissioning before the end of year 2020. According to the statement from the State image-maker which read partly, “Council applauded the State Ministry of finance for stabilizing salary payment before the end of every month as well as successful negotiation and payment of new minimum wage to Abia workers and urged the sustenance of the progress made so far. “Council directed the immediate commencement of drains desilting program at Aba and Umuahia and urged the relevant agencies to accelerate ongoing beautification projects at Isi Gate, Umuahia and Ogbor Hill, Aba. “Council directed the expansion of coverage for the street lighting project in Aba and Umuahia to ensure that high population density neighborhoods in the State are adequately covered in this second phase. “Council directed the State Ministry of Women affairs to ensure early completion of the new rehabilitation home for destitutes and physically challenged persons. “Council approved the setting up of a committee to review the operation of International Glass Industry (IGI) with Secretary to State Government, Commissioner for Trade & Investment, and Commissioner for Industry as members. “The Council approved the setting up of state owned laboratories for industries in the state. “The Council directed the immediate design and implementation of a new bridge across Aba waterside river from the Immaculate Street Umungasi axis to Ururuka Road to provide alternative access to Ogbor Hill area of Aba”.