The leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), has thanked faithful across Nigeria for their prayers and protests over insecurity in the country. A statement by Pastor Bayo Oladeji, spokesman to CAN President, Rev. Samson Ayokunle, recalled that the body declared the three days of prayer and fasting over serial killings by insurgents and attacks by Islamic terrorists, bandits, kidnappers, ritualists, and robbers. Noting that it was a huge success, CAN thanked Pastor E. A Adeboye, leader of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), all Christians, churches and Nigerians who took part in the peaceful protest. “That shows how important the exercise is to the country and the body of Christ. It is our hope that our government and those who are at the helms of our security agencies will wake up to the challenges”, it said. “We have consistently acknowledged and reechoed genuine concerns raised by Nigerians against the undue politicization of the security in the ongoing dispensation and the need to overhaul it. *It is not only condemnable, but it is immoral and divisive. Instead of listening to the Voice of Wisdom, we are being insulted and abused but that will not stop us from doing the right things. “The killings and the bloodshed must be stopped immediately. Passing the buck is no longer acceptable. Terrorists, bandits, kidnappers and other criminals amidst us should not be treated with kid gloves. “The Church in Nigeria will not cease praying for the government and its leaders but we call on the government to stop all manners of Christian persecutions before it is too late. Whatever that can lead us to another civil war must be prevented at all cost “Let’s quickly underscore the fact that the present Nigeria is not a country of any well-meaning citizen’s dream. If the Church is playing her roles which include praying for those in the authority, those in the position must reciprocate by guaranteeing the security of our lives and property. “Brethren, we must stand firm and optimistic in the face of the worst circumstances in the country. It was under such inhibitive situation that Apostle Paul challenged the faith of all believers: “Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or danger, or sword?” (Romans 8:35).” These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More