The National Coordinator of the Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, has alleged that the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, sacrificed the Bayelsa State governor-elect, David Lyon to pacify the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the loss of Imo State. He, however, said that the National Chairman of the APC, Adams Oshiomole, was kept in the dark as to the APC plan to surrender Bayelsa State to PDP as a form of ‘compensation’. The DAILY POST reported on Thursday that a five man panel of the Supreme Court held that Lyon’s deputy, Degi-Eremieoyo presented a forged certificate to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). For this reason, the governor-elect and his deputy were sacked by the apex court a day to their swearing-in as the fifth governor of Bayelsa State. Supreme Court sacks Bayelsa Gov-elect, Lyon, declares PDP winner  For Barrister Bamgbose, the ruling was arranged by the ruling party to calm the nerves of the opposition in Imo State. Speaking with DAILY POST on Monday morning, the Lagos-based senior lawyer, said, “The Supreme Court judgment in favour of PDP candidate Duoye Diri, Bayelsa State, was a calculated and a strategic attempt to pacify PDP for the loss of Imo State. “The judgment was a big shock to PDP because they possibly thought they have lost out in Bayelsa. “However critical appraisal of the judgment has shown clearly that it was meant to calm down nerves and pacify PDP for the loss of Imo State to APC recently at the Supreme Court. “Ihedioha can as well fort forget about returning to Government House as Governor of Imo State. The review sought by him, no matter the weight, won’t see the light of the day. “Let him bid goodbye to his ambition for now. One seriously doubts the feasibility of reviewing the matter in his favour. The APC was highly instrumental in perfecting this plan. “The International Community have been showing interest in the case but as it stands now, the game is over. “PDP has been ‘politically settled’ and certainly they won’t be protesting even if it loses at the Supreme Court in respect of the review case. “Oshiomole was actually kept in the dark as to the APC plan to surrender Bayelsa State to PDP as a form of ‘compensation’. “However it should be stated here that this is not good for our political growth. “The Judiciary should be independent. There should be no interference whatsoever in the discharge of its functions and responsibilities. There must be clear separation of powers.”