The House of Representatives has directed the National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP) to publish the names and photos of sex traffickers. NAN reports that this followed a unanimous adoption of a motion moved by Rep. Rimamnde Kwewum (PDP-Taraba) and seven others. Presenting the motion, “Need to Investigate the Degrading Sex Slavery Nigerian Women are Subjected to”, Kwewum lamented that there were currently thousands of Nigerian women and underage girls turned into sex slaves globally. The lawmaker said that some West African countries had “become notorious in maltreating Nigerian women, keeping them as sex slaves”. He said that several investigations carried out by NAPTIP showed that between 20,000 to 30,000 Nigerian girls were sex slaves with 50 girls being added to the list every day. “Because of increased efforts of the security agencies, traffickers no longer accompany their victims to Mali but now “waybill” the girls through Cotonou.” He added that the victims were deceived by friends and relatives to leave Nigeria to work as domestic helps, hair dressers or in sales in “Mali-sia”. Kwewum said that NAPTIP investigations also revealed that the girls were trafficked to the mining areas and rebel held areas of Mali. He said the report showed that Malian law enforcement agencies collected taxes from Nigerian women on a weekly basis, treated them forced them to use condoms. “Nigerian women are forced by their ‘Madams’ to sleep with numerous men, without using any protection, hence the high incidence of sexually transmitted diseases and other ailments. He said that in spite of numerous reports and pictures of trafficking sent to Nigerian security agencies at the borders, no action had been taken to curb the practice. “The House is concerned that several of the girls tricked into travelling out of the country have been brutally penalised (by the traffickers) for insisting that they would not prostitute. “The house also observes that current efforts to combat the menace are commendable though not far reaching and comprehensive and have not been adequately funded”, Kwewum added. The lawmakers urged personnel of the Nigerian Immigration Service at the ports and borders of Nigeria to permit trained NAPTIP officials to operate, to spot, identify and prevent the illicit emigration of potential victims. It also directed the Committee on Human Rights to conduct investigation into all aspects of sex slavery and recommend appropriate budgeting and legislative measures. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Immigration arrests suspected human trafficker in Lagos NAPTIP launches register for sex offenders in Nigeria Army arrest trafficker specialized in moving children from Plateau to Rivers