President Muhammadu Buhari has said that Sen. Ignatius Longjan, who represented Plateau South, will be remembered for his contributions to peace and stability in the state. DAILY POST reports Longjan passed away in a Turkish hospital after battling undisclosed ailment. President Buhari extended heartfelt condolences to the National Assembly, government and people of Plateau State. Garba Shehu, his Senior Special Assistant, conveyed the Nigerian leader’s message in a statement on Monday. “The President commiserates with family, friends and political associates of the senator”, it read. “He served the state as a deputy governor, 2011-2015, and had also served the country as a career diplomat for many years.” Buhari noted that the lawmaker had been steadfast, loyal and diligent in serving the country. Buhar further prayed that the Almighty God will grant the soul of the departed rest. Similarly, Deputy President of the Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, described the late Longjan as a man who lived a productive life, with unalloyed faithfulness and loyalty to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). In a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Yomi Odunuga on Monday in Abuja, Senator Omo-Agege expressed regret that the development was coming so soon after the death of Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu, who represented Imo North Senatorial District, in December last year. “We mourn the loss of the Vice Chairman, Senate Committee on Culture and Tourism, Senator Longjan; a loyal ally who represented his people with a strong commitment to APC’s populist ideology. “I commiserate with members of Senator Longjan’s family and the good people of Plateau South Senatorial District over the transition of a highly experienced and very patriotic citizen. “Senator Longjan climbed the political ladder by dint of hard work and conscientious representation, becoming Chief Of Staff at Government House, Jos from June 1, 2007 to May 29, 2011 and Deputy Governor of Plateau State from 29th May, 2011 to 29th May, 2015. “In recognition of his nationalistic disposition, the Federal Government appointed him as Chairman of Board of Governors at the National Institute for Policy & Strategic Studies (NIPSS) in Kuru, Jos in 2019 and thereafter, his people elected him as Senator. “I pray that God Almighty grant his soul eternal repose and comfort the family he left behind,” Omo-Agege stated.