Three suspects allegedly involved in the recent attack and kidnap of the Emir of Potiskum have been arrested by the police. The Force Public Relations Officer, Headquarters Abuja, DCP Frank Mba, in a statement said, “Preliminary investigation reveals that the arrested suspects were actively involved in the recent attack and attempted kidnap of the Emir of Potiskum that resulted in the gruesome killing of the Emir’s Police escorts.” The three suspects, among the dreaded Ansari Terrorists Group were arrested during a mop-up operations by Police operatives at the operational bases in Kuduru Forest, Birnin-Gwari. The statement said that those apprehended are Munkailu Liman Isah aka Babban Driver’m’ 32yrs, Abdullahi Saminu aka Danmunafiki ‘m’ 21yrs and Aminu Usman ‘m’ 22yrs, thereby bringing the number of persons arrested in connection with the attack of the Emir of Potiskum to eight (8). The statement explained that the suspects are already assisting Police investigators with useful information relating to the membership spread and make-up, criminal/operational records, logistics and general modus operandi of the terror group. “Preliminary investigation reveals that the arrested suspects were actively involved in the recent attack and attempted kidnap of the Emir of Potiskum that resulted in the gruesome killing of the Emir’s Police escorts,” it explained. The statement further said that they were also involved in several other kidnap operations and terror attacks on commuters and other innocent citizens along some major highways, especially in the North-West and North Central states of the country. It added that investigation also revealed that some citizens, especially those within the business community, give support to the terror groups by deliberately doing businesses with them through the supply of essential goods, drugs (licit/illicit) and other services. The statement called for patriotism amongst the people, noting that this is the only way the fight against the criminal elements can truly be won. While Police operatives are on the close trail of other fleeing members of the terror groups and their collaborators, “the police expressed immense appreciation to all and sundry, especially the good people of Birnin-Gwari and environs for their understanding, cooperation and support which have resulted in the measure of successes recorded so far particularly in the fight against terrorism, banditry and other heinous crimes in the country.”