The Minister of State, Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment, Amb. Mariam Yalwaji-Katagum says no fewer than 11,100 youths were trained nationwide through the Industrial Trust Fund (ITF). The Minister disclosed this on Thursday at the Commissioning Ceremony of a Mechatronics Worksop and Administrative block of the Industrial Skills Training Centre (ISTC) in Kano. She said, “I do not need to remind you that the key priority area of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari has been tackling of poverty and job creation. ”The principal driver of this policy has been the Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment and its Parastatals and Agencies that have initiated numerous programmes that have contributed significantly to the success of various policies of this administration” According to her, the ITF has played a remarkable role, as within just one month alone, the agency has commenced the training of Nigerian youths under the Passion to Profession Programme (P2PP) in Bauchi State. She added that, “The agency has graduated over 11,100 Nigerians nationwide under its flagship skills intervention programme (NISDP), convoked over 300 graduates of National Innovative Diploma (NID) and National Institute of Technical Education Certificate (NITEC) at the MSTC, Abuja. “I am aware that apart from this commissioning ceremony here today, the ITF is set to commission the Katsina Area Office complex, Lagos Island Area Office and the ITF E-Library Complex, Central Stores and Classroom Blocks in Jos. She explained that the Mechatronics workshop that is being commissioned today will among other things serve to upgrade the skills of technicians and craftsmen in the industry by providing modern practical training in general mechanic/mechatronics and welding and fabrication. Also speaking, the Kano State Gov. Dr. Abdullahi Ganduje commended the Federal Government’s efforts in this area, adding that his administration will ensure that the people of the state benefit from the training. According to him, all those that were trained by the ITF from the statistic record were gainfully employed without any dropout. He assured the Minister that his administration will continue to collaborate with the ITF to ensure that the unemployed youths become self reliant through the mechatronic workshop.