A Nigerian has alerted that he picked the Italian confirmed to be infected with Coronavirus in Lagos, Nigeria. The citizen gave his name as Olugbenga Bodunrin. He made the disclosure Friday morning on Twitter via his handle: boldyemi @boldjohnson07. The man tweeted: “I had contact with the Italian citizen the day before yesterday. Am an uber driver i picked him at the airport. We talk, gist and laugh together. We even dine together. My name is Olugbenga Bodunrin. 08136464040.” In a phone conversation with DAILY POST, Bodunrin said he has been contacted by the authorities. He said officials from the Lagos State Government called him after the tweet. “They said I should go to a hospital at Iyana Iba, I am on my way there now”, Bodunrin said. The government announced that the first case of coronavirus in Nigeria was recorded on February 27, 2020. The disease broke out in Wuhan, China in December 2019 and has hit over 40 countries and caused no fewer than 3,000 deaths. The infected person is an Italian citizen who works in Nigeria and returned from Milan, Italy to Lagos, Nigeria, on February 25. He was confirmed by the Virology Laboratory of the Lagos University Teaching Hospital, part of the Laboratory Network of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). The patient is said to be stable, with no serious symptoms and being managed at the Infectious Disease Hospital in Yaba, Lagos. The Nigerian government has listed preventive measures against coronavirus. It urged citizens to regularly and thoroughly wash hands with soap and water, and use alcohol-based hand sanitiser. The Ministry of Health advised the maintenance of at least 1 & half metres (5 feet) distance between individuals and anyone who is coughing or sneezing. “Persons with persistent cough or sneezing should stay home or keep a social distance, but not mix in crowd. Make sure you and people around you, follow good respiratory hygiene, meaning cover your mouth and nose with a tissue. “Stay home if you feel unwell with symptoms like fever, cough and difficulty in breathing. Please call NCDC toll free number which is available day and night, for guidance- 0800-970000-10. Do not engage in self-medication”, it said.