The member representing Ajaokuta Federal Constituency of Kogi state, Hon. Lawal Idirisu, has said that a fresh media report of certificate forgery against him is “pure blackmail” and “malicious.” An online medium (not DAILY POST) had published that a fresh suit, which would be the 7th, had been filed on the same matter. Recall that candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Hon. Aloysius Adeiza had filed a fresh suit at the FCT High Court, Abuja, challenging Idrisu’s education qualification. The suit is challenging the National Diploma Certificate that the lawmaker obtained from the Yaba College of Technology, Lagos. Hon. Idrisu, who reacted to the publication of the fresh suit through his Counsel, Tawada Adams Esq, told newsmen that it was the 7th time the case of alleged certificate forgery was being filed, according to NAN. He said that all previous judgments on the matter had been in his favour. He said that several courts of competent jurisdiction including the Court of Appeal and the Supreme Court had ruled in his favour on the matter. The Kogi-born politician expressed shock over the new reports , adding that the publication was intended to mislead the Nigeria Police and the public. He said the report was politically motivated, maintaining that having been decided at different courts of law, the fresh suit was tantamount to abuse of court process. “The said online publication is purely politically motivated as the issue of the alleged forgery against Hon. Lawal Muhammadu Idirisu has since been settled by superior courts of the land. “Therefore, consider the said publication as a pure blackmail coming from people whom have tried through the courts without success and have now resorted to cheap blackmail, despite the clear position of the courts on this issue. “It is worthy of note that the following cases have addressed the nagging issues of forgery of national diploma certificate and West African Examination certificates against Hon. Aloysius Okino Adeiza: Court of appeal Abuja, in CA/A/EPT/647/2015; Court of Appeal Abuja, in CA/A/408/2019; Federal High Court Abuja, in FHC/ABJ/CS/1264/2018; Supreme Court, In SC/894/2019; High Court Abuja, in FCT/HC/CV/724/2019 (particularly at page 25 lines 11 to 16 of the said Judgment) and Court of Appeal Abuja, in CA/A/EPT/852/2019 (particularly at page 10 lines 3 to 10 of the said Judgment),” he said. The lawmaker enjoined the general public to disregard the latest publication on the fresh suit, as it is “highly subjudice, which amounts to an abuse of court process, in which the complainant, Hon. Aloysius Okino Adeiza has been stopped from raising similar complaints. “We consider the said publication as unfounded, malicious and highly subjudice, since the issue of a pending criminal charge against Hon. Lawal Muhammadu Idirisu is being challenged in court at the moment in suit No. FHC/ABJ/CS/200/2020”, the statement further added.