As the remains of late Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu was committed to mother earth on Friday, a cross section of the deceased’s political associates took time highlight the achievements the late Senator as the Speaker of Imo State House of Assembly and as a Senator of the federal republic of Nogeria. In his tribute at the funeral ceremony held in Ihitte Uboma Local Government council Headquarters of Imo State, Governor Hope Uzodinma recalled the contributions and effort of the Late Senator to his emergence as Governor, described the deceased as a dogged fighter and trusted associate. He said, “It is with heavy heart we mourn the death of Senator Benjamin Uwajimogu. He was a goal-getter, full of courage. We have lost one of our best and brightest. He accomplished what others cannot do”. Uzodinma also announced renaming of Imo state College of Education to Benjamin Uwajimogu College of Education, Isinweke, Ihitte Uboma local government area of the state. The governor disclosed that late Uwajumogu attracted many developmental projects in his area including the establishment of Imo State College of Education in Ihitte Uboma. Also in his tribute, the Senate President, Ahmed Lawan extended the prayers and condolences of the National Assembly leadership to the Uwajumogu’s family. Ahmed who noted the late lawmakers contributions which had impacted positively on the Senate leadership and the people of Imo North Senatorial zone, stated that the decease achieved a lot by ensuring he performed his obligations. The Senate President used the opportunity to reiterate the determination of the present national leadership under him to protect the dignity of Nigeria and assured meaningful legislations towards solving challenges presently facing the country. According to the President of the Senate, “We will continue with those ideals he believed in. He was a quiet fellow and louder in actions. He was committed to one Nigeria. He lived for his people and worked dedicatedly and meritoriously for his Senatorial zone”. Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment in his tribute on behalf of the Federal Executive Council (FEC), described Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu as a rare gem, who championed a healthy executive and legislature relationship. Nigige recalled his relationship with the late Senator’s father while living in Isinweke at the 80s, saying the late Benjamin Uwajumogu had the kind of virtues his father was known for, which ranged from hard work and philanthropic gestures. He said,”Death must come. What we don’t know is the time. We are on earth for temporary time. We lost a gem and die-hard supporter. We pray God will accept his soul and grant him peace”. Governor Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia State represented by the Deputy, Sir Ude Okochukwu, also in his tribute during the funeral event, said,”We are here to pay our last respect to Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu because he was one of us. “He grew up in Umuahia and had his businesses in Umuahia. His death is very painful to us. We are telling the family that we share your grief over the unexpected demise of one of us, Senator Benjamin Uwajumogu”. While thanking friends and well-wishers for the successful burial, the Chairman of the Burial Organizing Committee and former House of Representatives member from Abia, Hon. Acho Obioma, hailed the Imo State government, friends and political associates of the late Senator for their support and attendance in the moment of grief.