The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, would before the end of February, 2020 sign the agreement on the implementation of the new minimum wage and consequential salary adjustment with the organised labour in the state. This assurance was contained in a statement signed by the State Chairman, Joint Negotiating Council, Com. Kayode Fatomiluyi and Secretary, Com.Gbenga Olowoyo, on Sunday. The negotiation on the new minimum wage could not be signed before the end of 2019, as directed by the federal government due to inability of government’s delegation and labour to reach a common agreement on the matter. The statement clarified that discussion on the N30,000 minimum wage and consequential salary adjustment negotiation in the state has reached 90 percent, exuding confidence that it will assented to on or before the end of February , 2020. The statement said: “The negotiation of minimum wage and consequential salary adjustment is receiving adequate attention and with tremendous progress by this development, the completion and eventual signing of necessary documents will be completed before ending of February 2020. “As a matter of fact, the technical sub-committee and the enlarged negotiation committee have done greatly which led to the extent that Dr Kayode Fayemi the Governor of Ekiti state, personally intervened on Tuesday 18th February 2020. “However, the determination of the leadership of Labour in the state is to arrive at a situation where whatever table and agreement signed with government will not have a backlash that will force the state to use two federal allocations to pay one month salary, hence, we have to be broad-based in our approach and agitation. “To this end, whatever labour will agree with will be for the best interest of the workers and the state.” The statement assured the workers not to be apprehensive about the capability of labour leaders to agree on what is fair and just that will be in the best interest of the workers It promised that the interest of workers won’t be traded off under any guise while the state won’t be placed under financial burden that will cripple its economic advancement.