Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The panel of enquiry set up by the Enugu State Police Command in the wake of the alleged attack on a staff of the Women Aid Collective, WACOL, has indicted the non-governmental organisation. The panel in its report presented by Barr. Onuora Okeke, said investigation showed that no one was beaten up either at the WACOL office or at the Area Command. 2. A Lagos State High Court in Igbosere on Monday convicted an oil marketer, Jideofor Akpa, and his company, International Maritime and Shipping Limited, over a fraud of N30m. Justice Kudirat Jose, in a judgment on Monday, sentenced Akpa to a jail term of 10 years and also fined his company the sum of N10m. 3. The All Progressives Congress in Lagos State has said the resourcefulness, commitment and pedigree of the party’s National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, put in him in good stead to lead the country in 2023. This was stated in Lagos on Monday during a press briefing to unveil the three newly-elected state executive members, Lanre Ogunyemi (Secretary), Mr Seye Oladejo (Publicity Secretary), and Mrs Abimbola Ladigbolu (Assistant Legal Adviser), saying the former governor was eminently qualified and had a right to aspire to be president in 2023. 4. Two men of the Nigeria Customs Service attached to the Oron Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, reportedly died in an auto crash on Sunday while pursuing a bus suspected to be carrying smuggled rice. Two other customs officers and the driver of the bus being chased were said to have sustained varying degrees of injury in the accident. 5. Wife of the President, Aisha Buhari, on Monday, warned that Nigeria may face worse security problems. Speaking at an international conference on state and security held at the Nigeria Defence Academy (NDA) Kaduna, Aisha urged them to re-strategize and re-examine the security structure with a view to stem the rising cases of terrorism in Nigeria. 6. Five Northern groups have appealed to Ndigbo to boldly come out and save Nigeria from her present predicaments by vying for the 2023 Presidency. The groups: Arewa Youth Coalition (AYC), Northern Youths Progressive Forum(NYPF), Northern Youths Initiative(NYI), Arewa Women Consultative Forum(AWCF), United Arewa Change for a Better Nigeria., which their position known in a joint statement, called on the Northern extraction to fully back an Igbo candidate to occupy Aso Rock in 2023 and opined that it would address the insecurity in the country, as well as the economic hardships afflicting the people of Nigeria. 7. The Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), Oyo State chapter, has called for the inclusion of its members in Amotekun. Yaqub Bello, a former Chairman of MACBAN in the state, who spoke on Monday at a public hearing on the Oyo State Security Network Agency Bill, 2020, also known as Amotekun bill, that some of their members have been in Oyo State for over 40 years, cohabiting with the natives, married Yoruba women and have children. 8. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on Monday, asked Justice Abdullahi Mikhail of Niger State High Court, to relist the case involving former governor of Niger State, Muazu Babangida Aliyu, for money laundering and breach of trust. The EFCC through its prosecution counsel, G.K Latona, filed an application, dated February 11, 2020, praying the court to grant an order, “relisting Suit No: NSHC/EFCC/2C/2017, Federal Republic of Nigeria vs. Dr. Muazu Babangida Aliyu & two others, whose charges were struck out on February 10, 2020. 9. Violent protests by grieving men, women and youths in Sagamu, Ogun State, on Monday, led to the death of at least two persons, while several others sustained varying degrees of injury. The protest, which was staged against the death of a Remo Stars Football Club player, Kazeem Tiamiyu, aka Kaka, turned blood after cops opened fire on the protesters and killed two. 10. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is seeking the review of the judgement of the 2019 Presidential election petition tribunal that validated election of President Muhammadu Buhari. Specifically, the PDP said the judgements should be reviewed because the issue of certificate forgery and presentation of false information in aid of qualifications was clearly established against the APC and its presidential candidate, Muhammadu Buhari.