A Federal High Court in Abuja has sentenced Olisa Metuh to seven years in prison. Olisa Metu was the former National Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). The embattled politician has been under trial for money laundering and criminal diversion of funds to the tune of N400 million. Justice Okon Abang handed down the sentence in his judgement on seven counts brought against Metuh and his company, Destra investment, by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The judgment came after the court found Metuh, guilty of some of the charges levelled against him. Justice Okon Abang found Metuh guilty of count 1, 2, 3 and 4 of the corrupt charges levelled against him by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. The judge held that Metuh, who had been standing trial for alleged N400m fraud should have known that the money he received was the proceeds of crime. EFCC had arraigned Metuh on charges for allegedly laundering the sum of N400m as PDP former spokesperson during the tenure of former President Goodluck Jonathan. The anti-graft agency had accused Metuh of receiving the money from the Office of the National Security Adviser, NSA. Metuh was arraigned alongside his company Destra Investment Ltd. However, the judge held that, “Olisa Metuh and Destra Investment Ltd were guilty on count 1 for taking possession and control of N400m from the Office of the National Security Adviser which he ought to know was a proceed of crime.” ”Guilty on count 2 for converting the sum of N400m to fund PDP activities and for his personal use. Metuh and Destra Investment Ltd were also found guilty of count 3 for concealing the sum of N400m, a proceed of crime received from the ONSA. The judge also found Metuh and his company guilty of count 4 using N400m of taxpayers money from ONSA to fund the campaign activities of PDP. The erstwhile PDP spokesman was also found guilty of count 7 for transferring N51.7m to one Anthony Anene which was part of the N400 Million paid to his office by ONSA.