Hundreds of people from the three local governments of Olaoluwa, Iwo and Ayedire in Osun State on Monday embarked on a peaceful protest to demand for the suspension of Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Abdurasheed Adewale Akanbi. DAILY POST recalls that Akanbi, on Friday reportedly descended on a fellow monarch in the axis, Agbowu of Ogbaagba, Oba Dikhirulahi Akinropo, inflicting several injuries on him. The Iwo monarch eventually released a statement, claiming that he physically assaulted the Ogbaagba monarch in self-defence. Speaking with newsmen at the Governor’s office, Abeere, the spokesperson of the protesters, Hon. Sikiru Araoye, said the rationale behind the protest was to call the attention of the government in Osun State for a quick intervention to douse the rising tension in the area, following the alleged battery. He said over 50 communities in the axis unanimously resolved that the continuity of Oluwo on the throne poses a serious threat to the peace of Iwo land, it’s environs, and Osun State in general. According to him, the communities never had any problem with Oluwo’s predecessors in the past, insisting that the current Oluwo lacks every quality of a royal father as harbinger of tradition and custom. He queried what could be the thought of Oluwo by his conduct in the presence of the AIG, adding that there must be consequence for such “act of gangsterism”. ” The manner in which Agbowu of Ogbaagba was brutally attacked by Oluwo, which landed him in the hospital, and still receiving treatment till now is barbaric. It is indeed unbecoming of our royal institution. ” The Osun State Government must move fast and prevent this issue from snowballing into communal clashes that could be difficult to curtail. ” All the communities in Iwo axis are tired of this present Oluwo, he has bastardized our traditional institution and desecrate the sanctity of that revered stool. We hereby demand for his suspension without delay “, he said. Meanwhile, the Osun State government in its reaction has described the development as unfortunate and embarrassing, saying such scuffle was avoidable. This was contained in a press statement made available to newsmen in Osogbo, the Osun State capital. According to the statement, the traditional rulers ought to protect and preserve the sacredness of traditional institutions, adding that situations where royal fathers engage in public display of temperament do not edify the revered stools inYoruba land. “We believe in the dignity of traditional stools and sacredness of royalty. We will continue to preach peace among all our citizens and harmonious relationship among our traditional rulers. “Government is aware that the State Council of Traditional Rulers has stepped into the matter, and we are confident that the council will take appropriate steps to preserve peaceful coexistence among the Obas in the state. We do not want any crisis in any part of the State,” the statement added.