Students of Cross River University of Technology (CRUTECH), Calabar campus, on Monday, staged a protest against the school management’s action over suspension of Students Union Government (SUG). The protest, DAILY POST gathered grounded the academic, social and administrative activities as well as other union activities in the institution. The protest, which was allegedly spearheaded by student leaders, moved from one department and lecture hall to another, chased fellow students and lecturers having lectures out of the classes to express their grievances against the management decision. The protesters carried placards bearing different inscriptions such as “Management leave students activities, face management activities”, “No student Union, No school”, ” We need a safe CRUTECH” amongst others. The protest, however, took a different dimension when men of State Anti- Cultism and Robbery Squad (SARS) and other Policemen threatened to shoot at students, which led to some students throwing stones at them. The cause of the protest our correspondent gathered was contained in a circular letter no 298 dated January 31st 2020, signed by the management of the Institution which suspended all activities of the students’ union government. The letter entitled ‘Suspension of Student Union Government Activities’ stated, “This is to inform all staff, students and the general public that following security report on the possible security breaches that may result from activities associated with the proposed students union government election. “Management of the CRUTECH has taken the following decisions: Students union government activities are suspended indefinitely in all the campuses of the University. “Management shall lift the suspension when it is sure that election will be conducted in a peaceful atmosphere. The implication of this is that students are not expected to gather or meet at any location within any campus of the University for purposes of election, until the suspension is lifted. “Students are therefore advised to use this time to engage themselves meaningfully in their academic work” the circular stated. When contacted on phone, the Public Relations Officer of the Institution Onen E. Onen denied knowledge of the incident even when it occurred in front of his office. “Well, I must have to confirm that from the Chief Security Officer, I have not gotten any report about any crisis in the Institution, I am not aware of the suspension of any student.”