Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Oluwo of Iwo, Oba Adewale Akanbi, was on Friday suspended for the duration of six months by the Osun State Council of Traditional Rulers, following an alleged physical assault on a fellow monarch. The Agbuwo of Ogbaagba, Oba Dikhirulahi Akinropo accused the Iwo monarch of punching him severally and inflicted injury on him during a peace meeting at the instance of the Assistant Inspector-General of Police in charge of Zone 11, Osogbo, Bashir Makama. The Orangun of Ila made the announcement on Friday. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari, Friday, in Abuja said the issue of partial closure of Nigeria’s land border to goods from neighbouring countries will be determined by report of tripartite committee made up of Nigeria, Benin and Niger Republic. President Buhari, who received President Roch Marc Christian Kabore of Burkina Faso at the Presidential Villa, said Nigeria’s decision to partially close the border was purely to safeguard national security. 3. Many persons, including some members of vigilante group have been reportedly abducted by Boko Haram insurgents in Yobe State. The terrorists abducted them after blocking a road in Lantaiwa village in Tarmuwa Local Government Area, which is about 75 kilometres from Damaturu, the Yobe State capital. The incident was said to have occurred on Friday at about 10:30 am. 4. Ali Ndume, Senator representing Borno South in the National Assembly, has rejected the newly introduced bill aimed at creating an agency for repentant Boko Haram insurgents. Ndume who is the Chairman Senate Committee on Army, said the bill was indirectly asking more Nigerians to team up with the terrorist group. The lawmaker stated that the bill will swell the ranks of Boko Haram because they are sure of rehabilitation and reintegration into the society. 5. The Islamic Movement in Nigeria, IMN, otherwise known as Shiites on Friday secured the release of 100 of its members at the Kaduna State High Court. The IMN secured the victory in the case brought before the court against the last batch of its members detained since December 2015 following the attacks by the Nigerian Army in Zaria. The Islamic group said by discharging and acquitting all the 100 remaining accused members, both the leadership and membership of the group have been absolved of any blame in the events leading up to the Zaria massacre. 6. The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan has declared the seats of Bayelsa Central and Bayelsa West Senatorial Districts vacant, following the election of their occupants as governor and deputy governor of Bayelsa State. The governor, Sen. Diri Douye represented Bayelsa Central while his deputy, Sen. Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo represented Bayelsa West. INEC will consequently announce a date for a by-election. 7. The Ogun State Command has said those shot by its officers while chasing ‘Yahoo boys’ at Olomore area of Abeokuta have not died. Some Hausa pepper sellers were reportedly shot by police while chasing internet fraudsters. The incident caused riot in the area as Hausa traders in the market and their Fulani counterparts at Lafenwa market barricaded the major highway, burning tires on the road. But the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Friday, said the two victims were responding to treatment at the General Hospital, Ijaye. 8. Report has it that Boko Haram insurgents on Friday evening entered Garkida, a town in Gombi, a local government area north of Adamawa State, and went on rampage. The insurgents were said to have destroyed lives and property. The insurgents arrived from somewhere in neighbouring Borno State into Garkida about 7 pm, causing residents to scamper for safety, with unspecified number of them being fatally harmed or at least injured. The state Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Suleiman Nguroje said that personnel had been drafted to ascertain the situation. 9. The leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has declared Jan. 21 of every year to honour persecuted Christians in Nigeria. Pastor Adebayo Oladeji, Special Assistant Media and Communications to the CAN President, His Eminence, Rev. Samson Ayokunle disclosed this in a statement on Friday. The national day of prayers was declared in honour of the late slain CAN Chairman, Rev. Lawan Andimi who was killed by Boko. 10. The United States Department of Justice has accused Nigerian government of planning to hand over about $100m out of the money looted by former Head of State, late Gen Sani Abacha, to Kebbi State Governor, Atiku Bagudu. The US Department also alleged that the Nigerian government was blocking efforts to recover part of the looted funds allegedly traced to Bagudu, who is the Chairman of the All Progressives Congress governor’s forum.