The Assistant Inspector-General of Police in charge of Zone 2, Ahmed Iliyasu, has approved the dismissal of one Olaniyi Ogunsoro, an Inspector with the Abeokuta Zonal Intervention Squad of Special Anti-Robbery Squad, who was the policeman involved in the death of the Sagamu-based footballer, Kazeem Tiyamiyu, on Saturday. DAILY POST learnt that the Ogun State Police Command on Monday, tried Ogunsoro and found him guilty of conducts considered to be unprofessional and thereby recommended his dismissal. The Ogun State Police Spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, had since confirmed the dismissal of the inspector. It was gathered that Ogunsoro went to Sagamu from the Zonal Intervention Squad in Obada, Abeokuta to arrest Tiyamiyu, allegedly for wearing a military cap. However, Tiyamiyu, who was popularly known as Kaka, died on the way. While the police said the footballer died while running to evade arrest, Sagamu indigenes alleged he was pushed out of a moving vehicle along Abeokuta-Sagamu highway. DAILY POST gathered that another Assistant Superintendent of Police is being investigated over the matter. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Kaka's death: IGP disbands Zonal Intervention Squads Tiyaminu’s death: Atiku calls for reform of SARS Sagamu: IGP breaks silence, takes action over murder of footballer, 'Kaka'