Good Morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Gubernatorial candidate, Deputy and chairman of the Social Democratic Party, SDP, alongside the party’s teaming supporters in Jigawa State have defect to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP The SDP gubernatorial candidate, Bashir Adamu Jumbo who served for 16 year as House of Representative member, represented Roni, Kazaure, Gwiwa and Yan’kwashi from 1999 to 2015 under the umbrella of PDP. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari-led government is unsettled by the reports that the United States was opposed to its alleged plan to hand $100million to Kebbi Governor, Atiku Bagudu, from the recovered Sani Abacha loot. The government in statement on Saturday night, stated that the Nigerian government did not intend and would not give anyone a cut from the repatriated fund. 3. Legal luminary, Femi Falana (SAN) on Saturday stated that corrupt government officials were responsible for religious intolerance in Nigeria. Falana, who spoke at the 5th UFUK Dialogue International Conference on Love and Tolerance held in Lagos, noted that that certain office holders were the ones pitching the citizens against each other. 4. Senior Advocate of Nigeria, Femi Falana, has reacted to the judgment of the Supreme Court on the governorship election in Bayelsa State. According to Falana, the apex court made a mistake when it treated a pre-election matter as a post-election case, saying that what their Lordships ought to have done was to ask the lawyers, ‘can you address us with respect to our jurisdiction?’ 4. Fresh revelations have emerged on how Boko Haram insurgents attacked Garkida town in Gombi Local Government Area of Adamawa State for six hours on Friday night. The town is located on the Gombi-Biu – Damaturu Road, which shares proximity with Southern Borno and Sambisa Forest. Reports say police barracks, churches and a house belonging to Gen Paul Tarfa (retd.) were among several buildings burnt by the terrorists during the attack. 5. Two persons have sustained high degree of burn after kerosene suspected to have been adulterated by a local vendor caused explosions in the various homes. The incident, which happened in Igboukwu, Aguata Local Government Area saw two women, Roseline Onwuka of Ozala village Isuofia and Ebere Ibejiekwe of Isiaku village Isuofia receiving burns. 6. Remo Stars Football Club (RSFC) Assistant Captain and Defender, Tiyamu Kazeem (Kaka) has been allegedly killed by a policeman from the Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) from the Ogun State Command. The incident occurred this afternoon (Saturday) in Sagamu while he was driving along Sagamu area of Ogun State with one of his teammates, Sanni Abubakar when the SARS officer stopped the footballer to label him a Yahoo Boy and they insisted on taking him to the nearby police station. 7. An Assistant Superintendent of Police, ASP Christopher Akpan, has slumped and died in his office after he returned from an operation and went to the bathroom to freshen up. Akpan was said to have slumped and was down unconscious before some other officers discovered what happened and rushed him to an undisclosed hospital where doctors merely certified him dead and the corpse was deposited at the mortuary for autopsy report. 8. Three victims of Lassa Fever have died in Kaduna state since its outbreak on the 22nd January, 2020. The state Commissioner of health Dr. Amina Mohammed Baloni, while updating the general public on the Lassa Fever disease, in a statement explained that presently, Kaduna state has recorded a total of eight (8) confirmed cases since the outbreak on the 22nd, January, 2020, out of the seventy-four (74) suspected cases so far. 9. An airstrike by the Nigerian Air Force, NAF, has killed some key leaders of Islamic State of West Africa Province, ISWAP, in Borno State. A statement by NAF’s spokesperson, Air Commodore Ibikunle Daramola on Saturday, said the ISWAP leaders were killed in Jubillaram and Alinwa in Northern Borno State in an airstrike conducted by the Air Task Force, ATF, of Operation Lafiya Dole, under the auspices of Operation Rattle Snake 3. 10. The Biafra Nations Youth League, BNYL, has rejected a community policing format proposed by the Inspector-General of Police, IGP for the Southeast region. National leader of the group, Princewill Chimezie, while also faulting Southeast leaders for accepting the idea, said that any security still controlled by the Federal government ends in futility.