Following the alleged statement made by Miyetti Allah over the brutal killing of some persons in Plateau State, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has described the statement as reckless. According to the PDP in a statement issued on Tuesday, it emphasized that the statement was capable of inciting violence from other sections of the country. The statement, which was signed by Ayo Fadaka who is the South West Zonal Publicity Secretary of the party, stated that the failure of the President Muhammed Buhari-led APC to caution and prosecute the group over its nefarious activities has continued to propel the group at undermining the Nigerian nation. The statement read, “We take due cognizance of a press statement by the Miyetti Allah, the herders’ trade union taking responsibilities for the recent genocide in Plateau State, and further claiming that the entire nation is their possession. “That statement is absolutely irresponsible and capable of inciting untoward responses from other sections of the country. We, however, continue to remain perturbed that in spite of so many irresponsible acceptability of prosecuted genocidal actions by Miyetti Allah, President Buhari’s government continues to fail in bringing these criminals to justice. “We, however, wish to educate them that the South West and even slightly beyond belongs to the Yorubas and no group or people can dispossess us of our heritage and this is supported by history. We also call on the proper Fulani leaders to begin to speak out against the actions of these characters in the interest of our nation. “We urge Governors in the South West to initiate security measures that will rid our communities of elements who pose a threat to our security and safety immediately. We also call on our Obas to begin to take concrete traditional security actions that will protect and maintain the peace of our region. Our peace is priceless and it must be maintained at every cost.” Meanwhile, the PDP has appealed to the South West governors to immediately allow the ‘Operation Amotekun’ outfit to immediately commence operation in order to curb insecurity issues in the zone. “We once again commend the Governors of the South West on the inauguration of Amotekun and thus encourage them to begin to take swift actions on the security and safety of our region. “This is because our dear nation today totters on the fringes of combustion that poses dire consequences to Nigeria and its people, unfortunately, the Presidency remains effeminate in preventing this danger. “Therefore it is time that the Amotekun initiative be pushed to its next level of operation through recruitment and deployment of personnel through the nooks and crannies of the South West,” it said.