The Ogun State Command has said those shot by its officers while chasing ‘Yahoo boys’ at Olomore area of Abeokuta yesterday have not died. DAILY POST reported yesterday that some Hausa pepper sellers were reportedly shot by police while chasing internet fraudsters. The incident caused riot in the area as Hausa traders at the market, and their Fulani counterparts at Lafenwa market barricaded the major highway, burning tires on the road. But some media organisations (DAILY POST not inclusive) reported that the victims had died. Reacting, the Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Friday, said the two victims were responding to treatment at the General Hospital, Ijaye. Abimbola, who released photos of the victims in a statement made available to DAILY POST, warned social media users to desist from spreading fake and unverified information, saying this was capable of causing chaos and unwarranted shedding of blood. Abimbola said the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, Kenneth Ebrimson, visited the victims yesterday, adding that the CP had ordered a full scale investigation into the matter. His words: “In view of the crisis that erupted yesterday 20th February 2020, following the shooting of two persons at Olomoore market Abeokuta by men of Anti-cultism team of Ogun State police command. The command hereby wishes to dispel rumor circulating on social media that the two victims have died. “To set the record straight, the two victims of the gun shot are alive and responding to treatment at the state general hospital Ijaiye Abeokuta where they were rushed to by the officers of the Command. “The Commissioner of Police, CP Kenneth Ebrimson who was at the scene of the incident yesterday also visited the victims in the hospital where he met them in a very stable condition. As at this morning, the officers of the command have visited them in the hospital and they were responding well to treatment. “Meanwhile, a full scale investigation into the case has commenced as directed by the Commissioner of police with the view to unravel the immediate and remote cause of the crisis and sanction appropriately those that will be found wanting in one way or the other so as to forestall the re-occurrence of such ugly incident in future. “The Command therefore wish to appeal to members of the public especially facebook and other social media users to desist from spreading fake and unverified information as this is capable of causing chaos and unwarranted shedding of blood.”