The wife of the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano has intervened in the deteriorating health condition of Nollywood actor, Ernest Asuzu. The actor’s ill health was recently a topic of discussion on social media, following a viral video of him begging for alms. Mrs. Obiano who runs an NGO; Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFE) stepped in upon the news and evacuated the actor to Chukwuemeka Odimegwu Ojukwu Teaching Hospital, Amaku, Awka, Anambra State where he has been receiving treatment in the past two weeks. The governor’s wife on Tuesday evening visited the actor in the hospital to ascertain his recovery process. Speaking on her motivation to help Asuzu, Mrs Obiano said, “I believe that God created me for a purpose. I do what I do because it is my calling. I am not doing it because I am a First Lady. No! I have been into it since 1991 and I am still doing it. “People just got to know about it because I became the wife of a Governor. But what I do comes from the heart. It is not something peculiar to Governors wives. I don’t want to blame anybody or look down on anybody or for not doing what they don’t do.” Mrs. Obiano revealed that when she read about Asuzu’s condition, she called for arrangement to be made to bring him for treatment and close attention. She expressed satisfaction with the improvement in the condition of Mr. Asuzu and the quality of attention given to him so far by the Chief Medical Director and Doctors at the hospital, urging them to sustain the good job even with other patients. Earlier, the Chief Medical Director of the hospital, Dr. Basil Nwankwo welcomed Mrs. Obiano for visiting the Teaching Hospital and briefed her on the progress of the patient whom he attested has made good recovery and is in high spirits and would be discharged before the weekend. Expressing his profound appreciation, Mr. Ernest Asuzu, thanked Mrs. Obiano for coming like an angel to rescue him even though she never knew him. Ernest, who could not hide his joy and relief, thanked God for the wife of the Governor whose gesture he noted has driven him to tears and has given him a second chance to life when all hopes appeared lost.