Police in Anambra State have arrested a man who used a nude picture of a pregnant woman to blackmail her into accepting to sleep with him. The man who is said to be an Anambra politician and simply identified as Igwe was arrested at Aroma Junction in Awka on Tuesday, after the pregnant woman whom he was demanding sex from lured him to the junction, where undercover police officers were already lying in wait for him. A source who witnessed the arrest said the unidentified woman narrated that she was in a relationship with the man before she got married and decided to end the relationship after marriage. “She said the man who used to be her boyfriend called her recently and asked her to come to Awka for them to have a nice time. “She told him she was already married and was no longer interested in the relationship, and that besides, she was pregnant for her husband and didn’t wish to be involved in extramarital affair. But the man insisted that she must come, and when she refused, he now sent her a nude picture of her, which he took while they were dating, and threatened to publish the picture on the internet if she refused to come see him one last time.” The eyewitness narrated further that the lady confided in her husband who reported to the police, while the politician was lured by the lady who arrived Awka from Enugu and called him to come so they can move into a hotel. “It was after he came and met the lady that undercover policemen came out and arrested him,” the eyewitness narrated. Attempt by journalists to speak with the victim after he was taken to ‘B’ Division police station was not granted. Anambra State Police Command’s spokesman, SP Haruna Mohammed when contacted said the matter has not been reported to his office. He promised to speak with the DPO of the station and get back to our correspondent. When asked if he could let the officers on duty allow journalists to speak with the victim, Haruna said doing so may jeopardize investigation. “I will get further information on the matter and brief you people much later,” he said.