The Senate, on Thursday mandated the Niger Delta Power Holding Company (NDPHC) to reverse the termination of the appointment of chartered accountant, Mrs. Maryam Danna. The order is the second in almost two years. The Red Chamber had on May 3, 2018, directed Zanna’s reinstatement to her position as the General Manager (Audit & Compliance) of NDPHC. The Senate agreed to communicate its resolution to the Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, and urged him to direct the Managing Director of the NDPHC for compliance. A report adopted by the Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions also directed the NDPHC to pay all Danna’s salaries and other entitlements. Chairman of the Committee, Senator Ayo Akinyelure, in a report on the petition by Danna, said investigation into the matter showed that she was a staff of the defunct Power Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN). Akinyelure said it was established that Danna was offered secondment to the NDPHC to head the Audit Department as General Manager with effect from July 1, 2011 and therefore remained a civil servant, not a political appointee. He said: “Prior to her disengagement, there was no meeting presided over by the Chairman of the Board of NDPHC, Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo or any other member of the Board of NDPHC where the decision to disengage her was taken. “The disengagement of Maryam Danna Mohammed along with the Executive Management team and the Executive Directors of NDPHC who were political appointees of Mr. President was out of order.” The lawmaker said the Committee observed that due process was not followed in the sack “in accordance with the terms and conditions of employment and disengagement of civil servants in the service of the nation and by extension, the service of NDPHC.” He noted that the complainant was not accused of any offence, queried or suspended prior to her disengagement which was by announcement through the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA). The Committee disclosed that from the submission of the incumbent NDPHC MD, non-communication of the resolution of the 8th Senate to the company management was the reason for non-reinstatement of the petitioner till date.