The Adamawa State House of Assembly has asked that the District Head of Madagali, Alhaji Bakura Yerima Iya, be removed from office. The state House of Assembly based its decision on information before it indicating that the man was not appointed based on popular will. It, therefore, directed the supervising Mubi Emirate Council, which advised his appointment in the first place, to reverse the appointment. Members of the assembly arrived at their position following consideration and adoption of a report of the Assembly Standing Committee on Public Petitions presented before them by the Chairman of the Committee and Member representing Fufore Gurin Constituency, Hon. Shuaibu Babas. The Committee had earlier told the Assembly that letters from the District Head of Madagali dated 21st September, 2019, and from the Mubi Emirate Council dated 23rd September 2019 confirmed that there was an election to fill the vacant traditional district office. The Committee said both the Mubi Emirate and the District Head told the Committee that three persons contested for the seat, that the Lawans, who voted during the exercise were four in number and that three voted for the petitioner, Yerima Mustapha Iya; that while Yerima Mustapha Iya polled three votes, the current District Head, Bakura Iya scored one vote. The Committee added that the Mubi Emirate Council, in disregard to the outcome of voting by the Lawans, recommended the name of Bakura Iya for appointment as the District Head of Madagali to the state governor at the time, Sen Mohammed Jibrilla Bindow who went ahead to approve Bakura Iya as the district head. Acting on the Committee report at plenary on Wednesday, members of the Adamawa State House of Assembly insisted that the result of the election was the will of the majority and should be respected and the appointment of Bakura Iya reversed. The Assembly, presided over by the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Aminu Iya Abbas, directed the Mubi Emirate Council to reverse the appointment with immediate effect. The Speaker also directed the Clerk of the House to communicate the resolutions of the lawmakers to the Executive arm of Government for implementation. Madagali is a prominent community in the northern part of Adamawa State after which Madagali local government area is named.