Killings and attacks have continued unabated in the ongoing ward primaries of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Ebonyi state chapter. The party primaries turned bloody, especially in Afikpo North local government area where two persons, one Enyinna Ibiam Uche and another whose name was yet to be identified at the time of filing this report, were reportedly shot dead by armed opponents. DAILY POST gathered that one of the victims, Ibiam, was allegedly shot dead by a serving coordinator of Ubeyi Development centre whose name was yet to be identified. The coordinator was said to have shot at his own brother who is opposing his preferred candidate but unfortunately, the bullet hit someone else. An eyewitness who spoke to DAILY POST said there was a serious war at the venue of the councillorship election at Uwanna where armed boys shot sporadically into the air to scare voters but it took the intervention of the Police who stormed the area and stopped them. “There was a serious problem but the police came and teargassed them and the boys were disparsed. But later when the police left, the coordinator was said to have pulled out a gun and shot at his brother who is opposing his preferred candidate but fortunately he dodged the bullet and the bullet hits Ibiam who was standing at his back” she stated Meanwhile, a wife of a journalist one Mrs Ogochukwu Nweke was seriously attacked and stripped naked by some armed boy in Abakaliki, capital of Ebonyi state. The husband of the victim, Chukwudi Nweke a worker at the Ebonyi state Broadcasting Cooperation, EBBC who spoke to Newsmen said “The Ezza North Local government PDP Youth leader, Mr. Christian Nwafor popularly called NGIGE and the Co-ordinator Akubaraoha Youth Assembly, Ogboji Ward, Ogbonnaya Egede attacked my wife, Mrs Ogochukwu Nweke who is contesting Councillorship position in Ogboji. “He beat her up, stripped her naked and collected all her belongings including the originals of her credentials, her PDP Nomination form, my laptop and many other personal things including N110,000. This happened at Aristocrat Hotel where the Local govt party executive invited her for her clearance. “I need the assistance of all to help me recover my wife’s Original Academic Credentials.
I most humbly call on the passionate father of the state, His Excellency Engr David Nweze Umahi and the Loving mother of the state, Her Excellency, Chief Mrs Rachel Umahi to prevail on this matter . “My house is under siege and we have been in bush since yesterday as they are still trailing us. My wife and my entire family are under threat and fear” he stated The Police Public Relations Officer, Ebonyi state police command, DSP Loveth Odah when contacted on Phone at the time of filling this report, said she is not disposed to give details of the incident. Odah promised to brief newsmen on the incident as soon as she gets back to town.