A 47-year-old trader, Zainab Suleiman was on Wednesday remanded at a Correctional Facility by a Chief Magistrate Court sitting in Akure for allegedly inflicting body injuries on her 12-year-old niece. The accused was arraigned by the Ondo State Police Command for allegedly using her fingernails and horsewhip to cause deep cuts on the body of her niece identified as Victoria Williams. It was gathered that Mrs. Sulaiman committed the crime on January 31, 2020, at her residence in Oke-Odu within Ipinsa axis in Akure, the Ondo state capital where the 12-year-old was also residing. According to the prosecution, the offence is contrary to and punishable under sections 355 and 338 of the criminal code cap 37 Vol 1 of the Ondo state law, 2006. The charge sheet reads, “that you Zainab Suleiman on the 31 January 2020 at Oke-Odu via Ipinsa, Akure did unlawfully assault one Victoria Williams aged 12 year old by using your fingernails to inflict injuries all over her body and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 355 of the criminal code cap 37 vol 1 laws of Ondo state of Nigerian 2006. “That you Zainab Suleiman, on the same date, and place did injure one Victoria Williams by causing deep wound on her body and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 338 of the criminal code cap 37 vol 1 laws of Ondo state of Nigerian 2006.” With the defendant pleading not guilty to the two counts charge, the Police Prosecutor, Sergeant Babatunde Ajiboye urged the court to adjourn the trial in order for him to assemble all his witnesses and as well study the case file. Counsel to the accused person, Akinrata Adelanke who did not oppose to the Prosecutor’s application prayed that the court should temper justice with mercy in admitting her to bail. Having listened to both arguments, Magistrate Olufunke Adegoroye, ordered the remand of the defendant in Correctional Facility till February 11, 2020. She further ruled that the case be transferred to the Family Court as she stressed that it involves a minor.