Real Madrid goalkeeper, Thibaut Courtois, has named winger, Raheem Sterling as the Manchester City player that destroyed the Los Blancos with his pace following their Champions League round of 16 first leg’s 2-1 loss on Wednesday night. According to Courtois, the La Liga champions were in control of the game until when Pep Guardiola’s side brought on Sterling, who caused his side damage within five minutes. Man City defeated Real Madrid at the Santiago Bernabeu, thanks to two goals from Gabriel Jesus and Kelvin De Bruyne. Isco did score a goal for Zinedine Zidane’s men. Reacting to the development, Courtois was quoted by Real Madrid’s official website as saying after the match: “We were in control of the game at 1-0. “But when they brought on Sterling, who’s pacy, we lost the game inside five minutes. “And that is the way it goes in football. “Now we have to be confident to beat Barcelona in Sunday’s La Liga El Clásico match.” Courtois will now hope Real Madrid will turn things around when they take on the Premier League champions in the return leg at the Etihad Stadium on March 17. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Real Madrid vs Man City: Hazard excluded as Zidane names Champions League squad Champions League: Courtois reveals who to blame for Real Madrid's 3-0 loss to PSG Champions League: Real Madrid’s squad to face PSG revealed