Following the outbreak of Coronavirus in Nigeria, coupled with the fact that the Italian index was in Ewekoro area of Ogun State, the state government has released emergency numbers. DAILY POST reports that the emergency numbers are 08188978393 and 08188978392; to report any suspected cases of Coronavirus to the state’s Epidemiologist. The Ogun State Government on Saturday activated an Emergency Operation Committee (EOC) to manage any development that may arise from the reported case of Coronavirus. The Committee, which is headed by the Commissioner for Health, Dr. Tomi Coker, comprises staffers of the State Ministry of Health, Hospital Management Board, Representatives of Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC), World Health Organization (WHO) and representatives of Federal Medical Center (FMC), Abeokuta. The EOC consists seven sub-committee, including Risk Communication and Mobilisation, Surveillance, Case Management, Infection Prevention Control (IPC), Central Coordination/Planning and Logistics/ Finance respectively. Briefing newsmen at the end of the meeting, Dr. Coker said that the multidisciplinary committee will meet daily and update the general public about any development. She said that an Emergency Operation Center had been opened at Block C within the State Secretariat to attend to issues relating to the outbreak. Coker called on the public not to panic and ignore any panic message, saying that every individual should maintain personal hygiene and avoid contact with whoever has a fever by five feet. “We are on top of the situation. There is no cause for alarm. Our health educators are busy with advocacy efforts on the field. We are sensitizing our health officers too on preventive measures to adopt. We have all the required interventions to contain the situation. Members of the public should remain calm,” Commissioner said. She said that any suspected case should be reported to the already activated emergency units across the 20 local government areas of the state.