Ohanaeze Ndigbo, the apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, has urged the federal government to set up special Commando units in the nation’s security agencies to intensify the fight against terrorism in the North-Eastern part of Nigeria. The Igbo group also suggested that the Commando units be assisted with foreign mercenaries to tackles insecurity occasioned by the wicked activities of Boko-Haram, bandits and Herdsmen. This came following the renewed attacks on innocent citizens in some parts of Borno State by Boko Haram terrorists, after the federal government’s boast of degrading the nefarious Islamic terror organization. The spokesman of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chuks Ibegbu in an interview with DAILY POST in Umuahia, Abia state on Tuesday, insisted that Boko-Haram activities remained a threat to the corporate existence of Nigeria. Ibegbu opined that Nigeria would remain in jeopardy, if urgent steps are not taken by government at all levels to defeat the terrorist groups. He said, “This group has dug in deeply and metastasized with external support if it means inviting foreign mercenaries to defeat it, no problem. We advise that a special Commando Unit be set up to crush the group with assistance from foreign mercenaries. We did it in Biafra when our Commando Units caused devastating blows to the federal side. It can be done today in the North East, but the will has to be there”. The group further blamed Northern elites for the mindless attacks on the region, stressing that inequality and injustice in the North coupled with distorted religious ideologies caused the terror uprising. ‘‘These are issues that should worry Arewa Youth leader,Yerima Shettima and others like him, and not unarmed IPOB and pro Biafra agitators who are actually fighting for fairness and justice in Nigeria”. “Now, every Nigerian is Boko-Haram victim, and the group is still dug in, despite claims that they have been decimated. Today, the North is a killing field and yet even some political elites there are more interested in how power will remain there in 2023. That is their concern.