Real Madrid’s Brazilian pair, Casemiro and Vinicius Jr have blamed themselves and their teammates for their 2-1 defeat to Manchester City in the Champions League round of 16 first leg at the Bernabeu on Wednesday. A fine header from Gabriel Jesus and a spot kick well taken by Kevin De Bruyne cancelled out Isco’s strike for the home side. Pep Guardiola’s side now go into the second leg at home with a huge away goal advantage. Vinicius said Real Madrid players lacked focus in the final 15-minute of the game that cost them dearly. He, however, expressed optimism that the former champions will beat City in England and book a quarterfinal berth. Casemiro also said the game is not over, adding that his side is used to such situations where they have to fight to go through. Casemiro added, “The tie is not over, because if there is a team that can stage a comeback, it’s this Real Madrid side. We played 75 spectacular minutes, but in the last 15 things went wrong.” “They got the better of us, but everything is not lost.” He also noted that they did not have the intensity or the control in the game in the last 15 minutes. “We sat back, against a top rival if you let them have a couple of shots, they’ll get a goal. There are no excuses for that,” the midfielder told the press “We’ll pull off the comeback,” Vinicius told the press after the game. “We’ve got to keep cool, we’re going to win there and pull off the comeback. “We lacked focus in that final 15-minute period and that’s why they got two goals.” These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More