Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State says the decade of Boko Haram insurgency has worsened poverty level among people in the state. The Governor stated this while declaring open International Conference on Islamic Thought and Community Development in Damaturu. Gov. Buni who was represented by his Deputy Idi Barde Bubana, emphasized the need for effective collection of machinery and fair distribution of charity (ZAKKAT), saying efforts can be made to collectively stimulate fast recovery with the emergence of small and medium enterprises as a means of tackling poverty. Buni explained that “the conference will reflect on the Genesis of current global challenges and proffer solutions from the Islamic perspective for community development as they affect each nation”. He commended the organizers of the conference for their deep thinking on the current situation. The governor, however, appealed to the community leaders, religious scholars and people to continue to pray to Almighty Allah (SWA) to enable government consolidate on the improved security situation in Yobe and the country at large. Earlier, speaking the Chief Host and Vice Chancellor Yobe State University Prof. Yakubu Muktar, explained that the world is presently sitting on a precipice largely due to the inability or failure of Muslim communities to be actively and productively involved in the sociopolitical and economic activities of their societies. According to the Vice Chancellor “the conference is the first of its kind in the history of the University and the objectives is to provide a platform for researchers, professionals, individuals, institutions and stakeholders to discuss on the prospects of Islamic thoughts towards promoting community development in contemporary Muslim societies”. The Chairman Baitulrahmah National Foundation, India and the President, Indian Union of Muslim League, Sayyid Sadiq Ali Shahid, commended the management of the university especially the Department of Islamic studies for their deep foresight and initiative to bring Muslim faithful together to provide recommendations to the policy makers and stakeholders on issues relating to Islamic though and community development. The Royal Father of the day, Alhaji Shehu Hashimi Ibn Umar El-kenemi said that in a gathering like that, which assembles erudite Islamic scholars gathered to discuss on the promotion of the course of Islamic positions is a welcome development. He assured that as a traditional leader, he will continue to remain the gateway through which all necessary development to their communities enter the much needed sensitization and mobilization. The Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board, Prof. Ishaq Olaruwaju Oloyede, who was represented by Prof. Yahaya Imam presented a paper on Good Governance and Community Development in Nigeria, said that community development should be a reference process were community members come together to take collective action and generate solutions to common problems.