The All Progressives Congress (APC) has advised religious, political and traditional leaders not to play into the hands of Boko Haram. There has been an outcry over the upsurge in terrorist attacks in the Northeast and some states. Noting that the sect is a common enemy, the APC said public commentaries on Boko Haram, bandits, and other criminals were assuming a dangerous slant, influenced by selfish partisan narratives by groups and individuals. A statement on Sunday night by the APC National Publicity Secretary, Lanre Issa-Onilu, appealed to Nigerians to rise above simplistic narratives and politically-tainted criticisms. “Violent extremists and terrorists all over the world would adopt desperate tactics by selecting soft targets for their barbaric and opportunistic attacks”, it said. “In Nigeria, these godless people are attempting to stoke religious sensitivities by pitching Christians and Muslims against one another through their recent pattern of cowardly attacks. “We must not fall for this divisive ploy. In our respective spaces, we should understand that these violent extremists are our common enemies, and are blind to religious and political affiliation and socio-economic status. “Our leaders – religious, political, traditional and all others in positions of influence and authority, must now show leadership and temperance in their utterances and actions. “Doing otherwise will be acting the scripts and playing into the hands of these fanatics seeking to divide us and pitch us against each other. “Our armed forces are now better equipped with their welfare prioritised. No inch of Nigeria’s territory is under the control of Boko Haram; bandits, kidnappers and other criminal camps are being cleared with the criminals suffering heavy casualties.” The ruling party also condoled with the Christain Association of Nigeria (CAN) and the Catholic Church over the execution of their members by insurgents. Recall that a CAN chairman in Adamawa, Lawan Andimi, was murdered early in January. On Saturday, the kidnapped student of Good Shepherd Seminary located at the outskirt of Kaduna, was found dead. 