Following the sack of former Bayelsa State governor-elect, David Lyon, by the Supreme Court and the declaration of the Peoples Democratic Party’s Douye Diri as the State governor, by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, the All Progressives Congress (APC) has demanded for a fresh election. The APC said that only a fresh governorship election conducted by INEC would be the solution to resolving the crisis rocking the State presently. The party’s position was made in public by its Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Yekini Nabena when he addresses reporters in Abuja on Sunday. He said that the volte face commendation of the Supreme Court and INEC by the PDP over the judgement has exposed the main opposition as a fraudulent and two-faced party. Nabena asked the National Chairman of the PDP, Uche Secondus, whether democracy is no longer under threat as he had claimed earlier after the same Supreme Court nullified the election of Emeka Ihedioha of Imo State and declared Hope Uzodinma governor of the state. Nabena said, “The party’s National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole while affirming the supremacy of the Apex Court, forwarded a letter to the INEC Chairman, Mahmood Yakubu titled: Judgement in Appeal No: SC.1/2020 between PDP request for conduct of fresh governorship election in Bayelsa state.” Nabena warned that Nigerians must be wary of “motor park politicians majorly in the opposition PDP.” He recalled that when the apex court decided against the PDP on the Imo governorship, the party, by its National Chairman, went around the European Union, United Kingdom and the United States embassies wailing that ‘Nigeria’s democracy is under threat.’ Nabena wondered what suddenly changed in the case of the Bayelsa governorship position. He added that “This only goes to show that these foreign concerns and all Nigerians must be wary of the motor park politics and insincere antics of the PDP.” The APC spokesman declared that the contentions on the Bayelsa governorship is far from over. He said, “We are all aware of the NYSC certificate forgery case of the Bayelsa deputy governor, as well as the decision of the APC national leadership to continue to pursue all legal avenues to contest INEC’s decision to declare Duoye Diri as Bayelsa Governor, having failed to meet the mandatory constitutional requirement to become the governor.” He called on all lovers of democracy and well-meaning Nigerians to keep on pressing that the rule of law is adhered to in the case of Bayelsa state. He added that “Democracy is a game of numbers and the majority must have their way. We insist that INEC should conduct fresh governorship election in Bayelsa State.”