The Chairmanship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for Nkanu East Local Government Area in the forthcoming Local Government Council election in Enugu State, Engr. Uchenna Nwobodo, has assured that his administration would effectively compliment the development efforts of the Governor of the State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi in the local government. Nwobodo made the pledge on Tuesday when he addressed a campaign rally in Nomeh ahead of the February 29th Local Council Election in Enugu State. He listed security, rural infrastructure, education as well as youth and women empowerment among his priorities if elected. He noted that the Governor had already made the work of local government councils easier by laying a groundwork for rural-centred development across the state. In his remarks, the Director-General of Nkanu East PDP Campaign Committee, Pastor Sam Iyiogwe, who described the turnout as overwhelming and mammoth, thanked Nomeh community for their support. Earlier in his welcome address, the Administrator, Nkanu East-South Development Centre, Hon. Jonathan Aniekwe, reiterated the support of Nomeh community for the PDP and Governor Ugwuanyi administration, listing rural electrification, provision of adequate security infrastructure and personnel in Nomeh as well as appointments among democracy dividends extended to Nomeh by the Ugwuanyi Administration. “Nomeh people will continue to support the candidature of Engr. Uche Nwobodo; the Deputy Chairmanship candidate, Hon. Ndubuisi Agbo, because for just three months as Transition Committee Chairman in 2017, Engr. Nwobodo made his marks in infrastructural development of Nkanu East and also bequeathed a befitting administrative block at the Council Headquarters, Amagunze. “So, I have the mandate of the good people of Nomeh Unataeze to assure our incoming Council Chairman, by the grace of God, of our continued support, for since he was very faithful in little, we have no doubt he will also be faithful in much”, he emphasised. The high point of the event was the unanimous adoption of a motion endorsing Engr. Nwobodo and the Councillorship candidate for Nomeh Ward, Hon. Michael Anichukwu, as the sole candidates of the community in the forthcoming Council Election.