Apex Igbo socio-political organization, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Secretary-General, Barr. Uche Okwukwu, on Wednesday opined that regional security outfits like Amotekun, Shege Ka Fasa should be supervised by the Nigeria Police Force, NPF. Okwukwu explained that the police should supervise these security outfits to avoid abuse of power by their operatives. DAILY POST had recently reported that Southwest governors had established Operation Amotekun in a bid to curb insecurity across the region. Following the establishment of Amotekun, the Coalition of Northern Youths Shege Ka Fasah. However, the Ohanaeze-Secretary-General in a chat with DAILY POST said: “I’m not against any structure that would protect lives and property but my fear is abuse, therefore, there must be a mechanism where the supervisory agency will be the police. “If you arrest somebody for a crime, you hand him over to the police or other security agencies. “So if Amotekun and other security outfits make arrest they should handover the person to the police for proper investigation and if those arrested are culpable, they should be arraigned before a court of competent jurisdiction. “We oppose a victim being interrogated, investigated and profiled by a person without the expected expertise, the police have the required expertise to separate those who have committed crime from those who have not before charging them to court. The supervising agency of all these security outfits should be the police.” He also dismissed insinuations that the creation of regional security outfits would lead to the eventual breakup of Nigeria. Okwukwu stressed that Nigeria won’t break up because oil was a unifying factor of all regions of the country. “Nothing would break up this country, the index, for now, does not show that anybody wants to leave the country for now. “The unifying factor, for now, is that the economy of the country is driven by oil, the Southwest, South-South, North Central and all regions depend on oil so nobody is breaking up the country,” he added.