A man in Lagos has just won Thirty-Five (35) Million Naira with just ₦100 after playing on Nigeria’s fastest-growing sports betting platform The Prediction King, who goes by the name, Don U expressed delight on Tuesday as he shared his story with some staff of the company. In his words, “I wasn’t expecting to win. Fortune smiled on me and I won”. He expressed that he has been a punter with BetKing for 7 months but has always had two or more events ruin his bets but when BetKing introduced their live cash out offer, he was very confident to aim for more. Don attributed his triumph to exploring and studying the exciting market options available on the platform. He talked about the huge odds and the high accumulator bonus, and how easy it was to navigate the new mobile site.  He also expressed his gratitude to BetKing for providing a platform that was favorable and efficient, especially because he received his winning fast. He talked about how his winning would help him build multiple businesses and possibly start-up a mega betting shop. BetKing is a sports betting company that launched on February 22nd, 2018 in Lagos, offering online and agency services in all states within Nigeria. With headquarters in Lagos state, BetKing is working towards becoming Africa’s most valued Sports Betting Company. Among the offerings of the company’s services are sports betting, not restricted to football, hockey, cricket, tennis, basketball and more, customized state-of-the-art virtual games including the exclusively designed Kings’ Live League and Kings’ Liga. To join the playground for kings, please visit www.betking.com to sign up. Asides providing an online platform for players to bet on, the company also offers retail services thus promoting entrepreneurship in the country. Since her launch in February 2018, the company has expanded its retail services to all states in Nigeria, creating bigger opportunities for potential agents and easier access for customers. To become an agent, please visit ams.betking.com You can also follow BetKing on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook with the handle @BetKingNG or join the conversation on Social Media with the hashtag #PlaygroundForKings.