The Kogi State Police Command has arrested a fake soldier identified as Monday Shaibu, who has been using the uniform to rob motorist and travellers of their belongings within Kogi East axis. Shaibu was paraded alongside eleven other suspects for offences ranging from armed robbery, kidnapping, culpable homicide, motorcycle and car-snatching. Parading the suspects on Wednesday evening, the Kogi State Commissioner of Police, CP Ede Ayuba Ekpeji, said on 25th of January, 2020, Police operatives and vigilantes while on routine patrol intercepted and arrested Shaibu with a Bajaj motorcycle.  During interrogation, CP Ekpeji said the suspect could not give satisfactory account of himself and the motorcycle. It was further revealed by the Police CP that the suspect conspired with one Peter and robbed the owner of the motorcycle after parading to be military personnel at Ayingba. Ekpeji, however, added that, the trio of Ahmed Abah, Yauza Adamu, and Idris Sani were arrested on 28th January, 2020 for armed robbery. According to him, “Operatives attached to the Special Anti Robbery Squad while on routine patrol intercepted a Toyota Highlander 2009 model with Reg. No. Lagos SMK 963 FZ with three occupant namely Ahmed Abah, Yauza Adamu, and Idris Sani. During interrogation, the suspect confessed to have stole the vehicle from Lagos.”  The Police also paraded the trio of Mohammed Yahaya, Idris Bello, and Nafiu Bello for alleged armed robbery and car snatching. Ekpeji while giving a brief on the above suspect hinted that on the 18th of December, 2019, in the evening, the three suspects who have been terrorizing Lokoja and its environ snatched at gun point one unregistered Toyota Sienna and other valuables along Old Stadium Road, Lokoja. He said one of the suspects, Idris Bello, after he was arrested led detectives to his house were one locally made revolver pistol with live ammunitions were recovered. Other suspects paraded by the Police includes Mustapha James Onuh, Abubakar Achaji Ali, Ibrahim Mallam Barto, Bello Suleiman, Aliyu Ibrahim, and Yakubu Dunca, “The achievement in curbing crime from Kogi State could be attributed to the command continued measures to adopt common problem solving strategies for effective result on the community policing which has improved public confidence in public spirited individuals coming forward to provide valuable information on criminal elements and their activities. “These achievement were due to the proactive strategies rooted in intelligence led policing, and robust interaction with the various strata of our communities, particularly in the area of information gathering, since it has become obvious that security is an all stakeholders affair. “Our policing style has provided avenue for effective collaboration with other critical stakeholders by giving them access to share information and intelligence that will assist in crime control and management” he stated. Items recovered from the suspects included three motor cycle, one Toyota corolla, Toyota big for nothing, one Siena, one Toyota highlander, three pistols, cartridges, one decoder and fives wrist watches.