Zamfara State Governor, Bello Mohammed Matawalle says the excesses of former Governor Abdulaziz Yari is capable of jeopardizing the peace initiative already instituted in the state. The governor represented at a press briefing by Hon. Abubakar Dauran in Gusau revealed that he was constantly aware of the political trends and utterances of Yari which could pose security threats for the region. Matawalle lamented that former Governor Yari bragged that himself and other loyalists of the APC had the right to do anything, whether right or wrong and get away with it considering that the Police, Prison Service and other Security Agencies in the country are controlled by APC. The Governor maintained that Yari had little or no knowledge of the constitutional provision of Nigeria, where no political party or its supporters can lay claim to any special privileges even if they are the ruling party. “The former Governor also made some inciting remarks that, the present administration in whatever circumstances could not demolish some illegal structures and houses across the State, especially in the State Capital. This statement had contravened relevant provisions of building permit and township planning rules and regulations in the state. He reminded Governor Yari that ‘‘all the States in the Federation have rules and regulations of town planning which are strictly observed when erecting any structure. Therefore we want to stress here, unequivocally that anybody or group of individuals who erects any structure illegally, the present administration has the power to demolish such structures outrightly” “We also want to remind the former Governor that the same rules and regulations that gave him the power to demolish some structures during his reign which were considered illegally erected such as structures of Alh. Tukur Maibulo, Alh. Musa Mallaha and a sizeable number of buildings at Barakallah had also gives the present administration the same power to take similar decisive action accordingly” Matawalle also complained that Yari only comes into Zamfara to make provocative comments under the guise of holding APC supporters meeting knowing that such inciting comments could endanger the peace and stability across the state.” Matawalle therefore appealed to APC supporters to eschew all forms of violence and flagrance abuse of constituted authorities as nobody or group of individuals are above the Law of the land no matter how highly placed they are.