A stalwart of the All Progressives Congress(APC), in the South East zone, Capt. Jerry Obike Ogbonna, Rtd, has declared that President Muhammadu Buhari-led federal government cannot solve the security problems in the country by barrels of the gun. Rather, he advised the federal government to re-examine its approach towards achieving a lasting solution to the economic and security situation bedevilling the Nigeria polity. Ogbonna, who bared his mind in an interview with select journalists, in Umuahia, the Abia state capital, on Monday, asserted that until the federal government is able to address the fundamental cause of corruption, Nigeria as a society is unlikely to reach the dream to eradicate terror acts occasioned by corruption. He explained, “The government needs to go back to the drawing board. We have bandits everywhere because of lack of jobs. Boko Haram, IPOB, militants, OPC, now Fulani herdsmen, all of these are violent agitations by the younger generation aggravated by bad governance. The root of which is corruption. “How many people are we going to kill to achieve peace and prosperity for our country. The lives we are wasting are our citizens. We can do more if we can budget One billion naira annually per local government over the next four years to create industrial infrastructure. Create industries that would absorb the angry youths who feel short-changed by the society”. Meanwhile, a northern group, Arewa Political Consciousness(APC), has called on the people of Yoruba extraction to support Ndigbo to produce the next Nigerian President in 2023, noting that the Igbos have supported the South West, the north and the Niger Delta in the past, in occupying the nation’s exalted seat(Presidency). Alhaji Dogo Alhassan, the National Coordinator of the Arewa body, who spoke to reporters at the weekend, in Aba, blasted some Yoruba leaders who are scheming to take a shot in the Nigerian presidency when they knew South-East zone is yet to occupy the position. The Arewa youth leader said, “Igbos are the third leg of the Nigeria polity. I advise APC National leader, Ashiwaju Bola Tinubu, to shelve his ambition, as it is immoral and uncalled for. “Ndigbo should put their acts together if they actually want to produce the next Nigerian President, since Nigeria statesmen are now coming out openly to support their cause”.