The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC in Anambra has uncovered a large Indian hemp cultivated farmland, located within a school premises. Men of the command also arrested a 45-year-old man, Amobi Okafor suspected to be the owner of the farm inside Lake City Secondary School, Nri, Anaocha Local Government Area. The state commandant of the NSCDC in Anambra, Mr David Bille disclosed this in a press statement to DAILY POST. He said the suspect was arrested last week Thursday for macheting a security guard in the school, during an altercation, but later discovered that he also cultivates the weed in a large expanse of land in the school compound. Bille said, “It would be recalled that on the 13/02/2020 following credible intelligence report, operatives of NSCDC arrested one Amobi Okafor ‘m’ aged 45 from Uruofo village, Nri, Anaocha LGA Anambra State. “The suspect was arrested at about 12:00 hrs for allegedly attacking, macheting and injuring one Mathias Ajoagu (security guard at Lake City Secondary School) m’ aged 71 years.” Bille said after the arrest, the suspect was found to be cultivating large expanse of Indian Hemp at the school premises. “The suspect confessed to the crime and took the NSCDC operatives to the location, behind Lake City Secondary School, where he grows cannabis on a yearly basis. “Exhibits recovered from him include machet, fresh leaves suspected to be cannabis sativa(indian hemp) and other incriminating items.” He said the corps has commenced investigation to ascertain how the suspect came about cultivating the illegal substance in the compound, and that the suspect would be handed over to the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA to face the law and to serve as a deterrent to others, after the investigation. He added that the command has declared total war against Indian hemp cultivation and supply in the state, and would ensure that supply to youths who indulge in it was cut off. He said the use of the substance has direct link to criminal activities in the state as most criminals use them to energise themselves before operation.