Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. US president, Donald Trump, has imposed a visa ban that ensures immigration from Nigeria is no longer possible. Citizens from Eritrea, Myanmar and Kyrgyzstan, won’t also be allowed to apply for visas to immigrate to America under the policy. 2. The United Kingdom has finally stopped being a member of the European Union. The flags outside embassies were lowered last night as the countdown clocks stopped, signifying that London’s 47 years of membership of the EU officially ceased at the stroke of 11 pm Friday. 3. The Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF) and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, has said the prosecution of former Senate President, Bukola Saraki, for allegedly forging the rules to conduct the election of principal officers of the Senate, was still ongoing. Malami said this in a statement issued on Friday in Abuja by Umar Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media and Public Relations Office of the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice. 4. A Federal High Court in Lagos presided over by Hon. Justice A. O. Faji held on Friday, that President Muhammadu Buhari did not violate the provisions of the Constitution when he proceeded on vacation to London from April 25 to May 5, 2019 without handing over to the Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo. Delivering judgment in the suit on Friday, Justice Faji held that Buhari was not under a duty to handover to Osinbajo since his private visit was less than 21 days. 5. Former Attorney-General of the Federation, Mr Mohammed Adoke (SAN), is still in the custody of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), 24 hours after he was granted security bail in the sum of N50 million with a surety who must have landed property in the FCT. Adoke was arraigned alongside Aliyu Abubakar, Rasky Gbinigie, Malabu oil and Gas Limited, Agip, a subsidiary of Eni, Shell Nigeria Ultra deep Limited, and Shell Nigeria Exploration Production Company Limited. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has confirmed the appointment of Mr Taiwo Adeniran as the Surveyor-General of the Federation (SGOF). Mr Abu Michael, Head of the Press and Public Relations, office of the SGOF, who made this known in a statement issued on Friday in Abuja, said the appointment was conveyed in a letter signed by Mr Babatunde Fashola, Minister of Works and Housing. The letter was dated Jan. 29, 2020. 7. Gov. Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Friday, approved a minor cabinet reshuffle with two commissioners swapping ministries. Mr Taiwo Adisa, Chief Press Secretary to the Governor said that Prof. Daud Sangodoyin, Education, Science and Technology Commissioner, had swapped with Mr Olasunkanmi Olaleye of the Establishment and Training Ministry. 8. An Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) star witness, on Friday alleged that Gabriel Suswam, former Governor of Benue, transferred N3.1 billion into his account. Mr Abubakar Umar, an Abuja-based Bureau De Change (BDC) Operator, told Justice Okon Abang at the Federal High Court, Abuja that the money was transferred through a company, Elixir Investment, in bits into his company, Fanffash Resources at the Zenith Bank. 9. The Coalition for Human Rights Monitoring Groups in Nigeria has described the call for the sack of the nation’s Security Chiefs as the handiwork of some selfish north-east politicians to discredit the President Muhammadu Buhari-led government. The group said some North East politicians are not only sponsoring the call for the sack of Service Chiefs, they also have set up a mechanism that would jeopardize the efforts of the President Muhammadu Buhari led administration. 10. The management of Kaduna Polytechnic has terminated the appointment of a former Head of Department, Civil Engineering, Engr. Danjuma Alhassan over allegation of sexual harassment of a female student of the institution. The Governing Council of the institution had at its 91st regular meeting held on 30th January, 2020, approved the termination of the lecturer’s appointment.