Police in Anambra State have killed one suspected armed robber, while also recovering three stolen vehicles. A total of five suspects were also paraded in respect to the robbery of the vehicles. The Anambra State police commissioner, CP John Abang, who paraded the suspects at the Special Anti robbery Squad, SARS, in Awkuzu, Oyi Local Government Area of Anambra State, said the demised suspect was gunned down after he and his gang engaged police officers in a gun duel. He said, “It would be recalled that on the 8/1/2020 at about 2:pm, gunmen suspected to be armed robbers numbering about Six with AK 47 rifles and other dangerous weapons waylaid and snatched at gunpoint a Toyota Venza with customized Registration number KOCO valued Six Million Naira (#6000,000) from one Nwadike Collette Kosisochukwu ‘f’ at Ndogo village Nise. “Following the distress call, Police operatives attached to the Command Special Anti robbery Squad, SARS, swung into action and trailed the suspects at their hideouts along Eze Iweka by high tension Awada. “On sighting the Police, the hoodlums resisted arrest and engaged the police into a fierce gun battle after which two suspects were fatally wounded. “They were rushed to the hospital for treatment but one of them whose identity is unknown was confirmed dead on arrival while the second suspect identified as Micheal Ogbonna ‘m’ aged 45 years of Achina town in Aguata LGA of Anambra State who also sustained gunshot injuries on his leg is receiving treatment.” Abang said that the second case was the arrest in Asaba, Delta State of one Paul Chukwuezugo ‘m’ aged 40, from whom a Mercedes 350 and a Lexus Jeep suspected to have been snatched from their owners were rescued. Abang said, “Exhibits recovered from the suspect include One Mercedes 350 without registration number and one Lexus SUV, which was allegedly snatched from the owner after he was killed in the process of snatching the vehicle. “It would interest you to note that all the suspects are members of the same syndicate,” Abang said. Abang said one major factor responsible for the overall successes recorded by the Command was the support of Anambra people, who dared to volunteer information. “I urge the people of the state to sustain this level of cooperation with the Police at all times. We are indeed in an era where Community Policing, which remains the vogue and the people we are serving continue to demand for excellent service.”