Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has mocked former President Goodluck Jonathan over the Supreme Court ruling that sacked former Bayelsa State governor-elect, David Lyon. Following a reported disagreement between the former President, the former Governor of Bayelsa State, Seriake Dickson, and the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP in the State, there were clear indications that he (Jonathan), his family and kinsmen backed the candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, David Lyon during the governorship election in the state and also celebrated his victory. DAILY POST also reported the jubilation in the former President’s camp when Lyon was declared winner of the election. Consequently, Barrister Bamgbose had warned the Otuoke-born politician of the danger of backing the APC, saying that the ruling party would mess him up. However, there was a massive twist on Thursday when the Supreme Court sacked Lyon a day to the swearing-in ceremony which President Muhammadu Buhari had concluded plans to attend. The senior lawyer, in a statement to DAILY POST on Sunday, noted that “the judgement of the Supreme Court in favour of PDP candidate, Duoye Diri must have come as a rude shock to Jonathan who tactically worked to secure victory for the APC candidate, Lyon.” He said “It should be recalled I did advise Jonathan to quit politics because APC may mess him up politically. This has eventually happened. “Even though he has congratulated Duoye Diri and he advised him to unite with others to move the State forward, that is inconsequential because the deed has been done. “One would have expected Jonathan to stand with him but he chose not to support Duoye Diri who was once his Commissioner. “The Governor will certainly not respect him having abandoned him when he needed him most.” He further advised the former President to bow out of politics to redeem his image and reputation. “Let him declare himself as an elder statesman. Presently he is in a dilemma, politically he has lost out. It’s really a sad development,” Bamgbose said.