The Bauchi State first lady, Hajiya Aisha Bala Mohammed has lamented the rate of ‘domestic violence, rapes and molestations of women and girls’ reported recently in some communities of the state, saying they are unacceptable. The first lady made the lamentation yesterday during the lunch of women’s voice and leadership project organized by four women groups in the state including Fahimta Women and Youth Development Initiative (FAWOYDI), Federation of Muslim Women Association of Nigeria (FOMWAN), Rahama Women Initiative and Ashh Foundation in collaboration with Actionaid and funded by global affairs of Canada held at Hazibal Suites, Bauchi. Represented by wife of the State Deputy Governor, Hajiya Aisha Baba Tela, the First Lady assured that the trend would not be tolerated by the government of her husband. “Recent reports from security agents and civil society groups working on human rights and protection have indicated the alarming rate of domestic violence, rape and molestation especially towards women and girls that have been recorded across divergent communities within the state. ” This trend is unacceptable religiously or morally, hence the government of my dear husband, Senator Bala Mohammed will not take it lightly with anyone found wanting in this aspect,” She said. According to Aisha, many women in the state are left making ends meet with low economic activities whose proceeds are being spent in catering for the family, alleging that most men nowadays leave the responsibility of the home to the woman. In her speech, one of the organizers and Executive Director, Fahimta Women and Youth Development Initiative (FAWOYDI) Hajiya Maryam Garba explained that the project would be implemented in nine local governments of the State and would last for five years. She noted that the project seeks to empower women and girls on their rights so that gender equality would be achieved. Also, the state chairperson of FOMWAN otherwise called ‘state ameerah’, Hajiya Fatima Aminu Danmaliki pointed out that decision making is an area where women fall victims due to traditional norms and values, decrying that women and girls are always left out in decisions that affect them directly ‘hence fall victims of abuse’. She promised that the four organizations would work as a network across the state to ensure women have a voice in decision making and add positively to the growth of the community.