A record book in an upper Shari’a court in Zamfara State being investigated by a committee constituted by the state Grand Khadi, Alhaji Dahiru Mohammed Gusau over alleged dismissal of burglar and theft case is reportedly missing from the court. The committee had demanded for the record book from the court to determine an allegation of burglary and theft case alleged to have been dismissed by the Shari’a Chief Inspector, Alhaji Isah Hamza Ismaila when he was the judge. But the record book could not be found by the committee. According to the committee chairman, Hon.Khadi Shinkafi, no worker in the court agreed to have any knowledge about the missing record book, pointing out that the book was supposed to have been the backbone of the committee in its investigation. However, the committee could not sit on Tuesday over the alleged case of burglary which was filed by Alhaji Ahmed Mohammed Alkwandawi, as it had to adjourn sitting till Thursday 27 February 2020. According to one of the committee members who pleaded anonymity, the committee is faced with a perplexing and embarrassing situation, noting that the complainant might have presented a very brilliant argument against the Chief Inspector who handled the case when he was the judge of the court. He said that the missing record book has ignited and set the committee into a perpetual confusion which he said may not be unconnected to sheer overzealous desire to frustrate the committee’s investigation. ” Suspicions has, therefore, developed in the minds of the people over the way and manner justice is being miscarried in the Shari’a courts that is supposed to be an embodiment of justice in any Shari’a state,” he lamented. He explained that the missing of the record book could easily be imagined than expressed, adding that the missing book should contain all the committee needed to come out with a brilliant and acceptable report. He wondered how a record book of the court could be missing immediately the petition was written to the Grand Khadi, suspecting a foul play. However, the committee was given two weeks by the Grand Khadi to investigate the case and submit its findings and recommendations to him. It could be recalled that the complainant, Alhaji Ahmed Mohammed Alkwandawi had written to the Grand Khadi alleging that the Chief Inspector, when he was the judge of the court dismissed the burglars case he (Alkwandawi) brought before his court without hearing or mentioning the case. He explained that the same day he filed the case was the same day the judge dismissed the case, discharged and acquitted the accused persons without giving him fair hearing to call in witnesses as the law demands. Terror attacks: Matawalle suspends another District Head in Zamfara Court remands APC Chieftain in prison APC reacts to arrest of members in Zamfara