Oyo State Government, on Monday, said it has ordered the suspension of 13 primary school Head Teachers, two Assistant Head Teachers and a classroom Teacher for extortion and various misconducts. Executive Chairman, Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, Dr. Nureni Adeniran issued this directive following an inspection tour of some schools in Ibadan metropolis. Adeniran maintained that the Government would not tolerate inequity and gross indiscipline among teachers, noting that the Board suspended the erring teachers due to established facts met on ground at the various schools they supervised. He added that apart from illegal collection of fees from pupils, the suspended teachers were also found culpable of insubordination and refusal to comply with posting instructions. The suspended Head Teachers are Mrs. Agnes Amodu of IMG Primary school, Olubadan and Mrs. Janet Ayoade of St. John’s Catholic Primary School 1, Eleta. They were suspended for refusing to comply with posting instructions Mrs. Risikat Motunrayo Ogundele, the Head Teacher of Atolu Model Primary School 4, Oremeji was suspended for detaining a Primary 3 pupil at a police station. Others suspended for illegal collection of fees were; Mrs. Kehinde Oyediran and Mrs. Monsurat Olaniyan, Head-Teachers at Community Primary School 1 and 2, Idi-Obi, Airport, Ibadan; Mr. Omotosho Michael, Mrs. Bilikisu Romoke and Mrs. Oyenike Damilola Adisa, Head Teachers at Community Primary School 1, 2, and 3, Sasa, Ibadan. Head Teachers of St. Paul’s Primary School 1,2,3 and 4, Yemetu, Mrs. Olukoga; Mrs. C.G. Lawal; Mrs. Simbiat Adewale and Mrs. O. F. Ogunbiyi were also suspended for illegal collection of fees. The Head Teacher, IMG, School 1, Oje-Igosun, Mrs. Esther Oluranti Adeoye was also suspended for illegal collection of fees. An Assistant Head Teacher, Mrs. Romoke Ahmadu-Bello and a Primary 6 teacher, Mrs. Omolola Abobade were also suspended. An Assistant Head Teacher, IMG School 2, Oje-Igosun, Mufudat Abioye was also suspended for illegal collection of fees. Adeniran who stated that the suspended teachers would face a disciplinary committee set up by the board, added that the committee had been mandated to ensure a thorough probe of the allegations and give all concerned fair hearing. It would be recalled that the Oyo State Government, after announcing free and qualitative education in May 2019, approved the payment of N526 Million as running grants to Primary and Secondary schools for the first term of 2019/2020 session. The Schools are expected to submit records of disbursements to the State government at the end of each term.