The Senior Pastor of Omega Fire Ministries Worldwide, Apostle Johnson Suleman, has written a letter of apology to President Muhammadu Buhari’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina. Suleman apologized over his attack on Adesina, in reaction to his article titled: ‘Beheaded Adamawa pastor: CAN got it mixed up’. Both men exchanged verbal blows on social media, but the cleric has now penned an open letter to Adesina. “If I could reach you privately, I would not have resorted to the media. I also took this approach to respond to the heavy insults and name-calling on your twitter handle which is, well, okay by me and understandable because you were angry. “But I hope this meets you well. This is me pouring my heart to my brother. I am actually not good at writing letters like this. Unlike someone, we all know that does. I guess I would meet him for tutorials. I love you my brother and God bless Nigeria,” Suleman wrote. The cleric, however, questioned the presidency’s stance on church leaders. “Sir, when I read your response to CAN, two things came to mind: I asked myself, must the allure of power make you antagonistic of church leaders whilst your colleague is protecting his? I equally felt your response was ill-timed, knowing these leaders were mourning. I apologise if it came out wrongly or rudely,” he added. Suleman went on to remind Adesina, that they spoke to power in the last administration “in a more corrosive and acidic manner than we do now. “Therefore, this government should stop responding to everything. The best way to respond to complaints is to give result, not explanations, insults or counter upper-cut…. “I personally bleed when I hear drumbeats of war and yearnings for the dissolution of Nigeria, either from tribal or political overviews. No nation remains the same after the war. Therefore, we can’t be fanning the embers and heating the polity of revolution or dissolution,” he said. Apostle Suleman also insisted that President Buhari is not a religious bigot. “How can that be? A very good friend of mine recently spoke to me about President Buhari and I told her my views of him and she laughed. And that evening, President Mumhamadu Buhari called me on the phone and we exchanged pleasantries. And, at the end, I prayed with him in Jesus name and he said Amen! Tell me, which religious bigot does that?