Former National Publicity Secretary of the defunct New People’s Democratic Party (nPDP) and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Chief Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, has expressed concern over the delay in the arrest of Aisha Yesufu, of the Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG) campaign group, one week after a video clip in circulation allegedly showed her threatening, Minister of Transportation, Rotimi Amechi The BBOG co-convener had posted a video suggesting that erstwhile Governor of Rivers State could face imminent assassination from the outlawed Boko Haram terrorist group. DAILY POST recalls that in the said video clip, Madam Yesufu claimed that Dr. Amaechi managed to escape attack by the Boko Haram terrorist group in Kaduna, but however expressed confidence that the terrorist group will definitely come back for the Minister any moment. According to the clip, Aisha Yesufu said Amaechi, “YOU THINK YOU ARE SAFE BECAUSE YOU HAVE ESCAPED…” an obvious reference to a purported attack on a passenger train enroute Kaduna, as the Minister made his way to honour his friend, the Kaduna State Governor, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai. However, the Minister has denied the attack, but Yesufu’s insistence that although the Minister was attacked and only escaped death by whiskers, he may not find an escape route in a subsequent attack. Eze said Nigerians should not for any reason take such a threat as one of those noisemaking tactics of this angry failed woman. He, therefore, urged the Security Agencies to arrest Aisha Yesufu so she can explain in detail the very essence of her video and why she is so sure that the Minister is not safe. The APC chieftain advocated for improved security around Dr. Amaechi and other government officials, stressing that it will not be taken for nothing, should any harm come the way of the Minister. Eze highlighted that Amaechi while as Governor of Rivers State has expressly stated that if the Nigerian Government does not do the needful, the menace of Boko Haram and other similar criminal setups will constitute a high risk development in the country in the nearest future. “Today as a great statesman, his prediction is coming to pass. If other Segments of government in Nigeria have emulated the high standard that Amaechi set up during his days as Governor of Rivers State, the menace of Boko Haram would have been reduced to the barest minimum. “One of the steps that Amaechi took to ensure security of Rivers State was purchasing high-tech security gadgets which were used to equip properly trained Police men in Rivers State. This led to the rapid reduction of crime and criminality in the state to the barest minimum, such that in one year there was no single armed robbery attack or kidnapping incident in the entire Rivers State. Amaechi is truly a patriotic leader whose insight and vision can be the solution to most of the problems pervading us as a nation”. “What has Amaechi not done to ensure that the vision of the founding fathers of this nation is achieved. Today as the Minister of Transportation, he has proved beyond every doubt that he has the key to unlock the potentials and greatness of this nation, so how on earth should he be targeted for assassination as claimed by this Aisha and the Security Agencies are just watching”, he lamented. Eze added, “Let me reiterated that no harm should for any reason befall this man whose love for one united Nigeria is well known to all and sundry. His famous statement that he doesn’t believe either East, West, South or North, but one indissoluble, virile, egalitarian and united Nigeria is still ringing bell in the ears of patriotic Nigerians. “Let me conclude by stating that although the enemies of progress will surely gather but they are gathering without God’s approval and their gathering against an innocent soul will surely boomerang on their heads except God is no longer God”. Ohanaeze raises alarm over Amaechi's life, calls for arrest, questioning of Aisha Yesufu Kaduna: Transport minister, Amaechi denies rumour of bandit attack on his convoy, warns Aisha Yesufu Aisha Yesufu reacts to Ohanaeze's call for her arrest over Amaechi's life, dares petitioners