Akwa Ibom State Government has withheld salaries and promotion of some public school teachers in the state for allegedly engaging in various acts of misdemeanour. The State chairman, Secondary Education Board, Mr.Umana Umana, disclosed this while featuring in a live Comfort FM radio programme monitored in Uyo on Monday. The affected teachers were alleged to have committed various offences ranging from lateness, absenteeism from school without authorization and having more than three queries in their files. Umana said,” We don’t take things for granted again,we want to ensure that both teachers and students are effective so that there will be an efficient learning process, our monitoring teams are on the field on daily basis making sure they do effective monitoring”. He said the board would soon give details of the number of teachers, adding government was committed to ensuring that teachers exhibit high sense of commitment in their work places. Umana warned students against examination malpractice, saying any student found indulging in the act would not be spared as the board is set to sanitize the education sector. He appealed to them to prepare adequately for the upcoming WAEC and NECO examinations and to also shun social vices. On the recurring clash between students of Ewet Technical college, Uyo High School and Christian Secondary School, Mr Umana warned that students caught perpetrating such activities will face appropriate disciplinary actions, citing Secondary School Etoi as an instance. The SSEB boss also pleaded with parents to do their part by equipping their children with the necessary things the need like textbooks insisting that government alone cannot handle everything. Mr Umana expressed displeasure over vandalization of school properties and infrastructures by host communities, urging them to rather assist in protecting them. He said, “We are not happy that Government is trying to make sure facilities are provided but the rate at which these properties are vandalized is alarming”. He appealed to school principals to report cases of dilapidated structures rather than waiting for official visits of the board to their school as it will help the government intervene on time.