Former National Publicity Secretary of the defunct New Peoples Democratic Party (nPDP) and chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Chief Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, has taken a swipe at the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, over a party feast he (the governor) allegedly had for the outgoing President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Zainab Adamu Bulkachuwa. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Sunday, Chief Eze, claimed that the event as an unsolicited jamboree, and squandermania targeted at robbing Rivers people the dividends of their God-given resources and good governance. He said, “Sadly and unfortunately, Governor Wike could embark on such unsolicited jamboree while the salaries and pensions to Civil Servant and Pensioners are kept in the cool. This act is nothing but exhibition of corruption in the Executive arm of the government of Rivers State as highlighted by Governor Wike.” Eze warned judges to know that most Nigerians know the strong link between Gov Wike and most judges, and that he is the bridge between his party and judges. According to the party stalwart, the judges must know that this perception, wrong or right, is very strong in the social sphere and in the polity. There is nothing wrong in organising a banquet, especially for Justice Bulkachhwa, but there was never a time the Hon. Justice supplicated for one. There is more to the event than meets the eyes, coming from a political desperately and an interloper, lacking in sincerity”. He warned the judges to know that Wike as a man is someone who does not put cash on any enterprise without definite benefit. The APC chieftain said they must remember that when electoral officers told him how difficult the task he gave them to do was, that he ordered them to be prepared to refund his money. Eze, however, expressed optimism that the Governor’s voyage will turn out futile. Recall that the outgoing President of the Court of Appeal, Justice Bulkachuwa, was in Port Harcourt a week ago as part of the processes for her bowing out, having attained the retirement age of 70. Meanwhile, as at the time of filing this report attempts by our correspondent reached Special Adviser to Governor Nyesom Wike, Siemon Nwakudu were unfruitful to react some allegations made by the APC chieftain, Chief Eze Chukwuemeka Eze.