The Governing Council of the University of Calabar, Cross River State has allegedly terminated the appointment of 5 Staff and demoted 3 others over what it described as “gross misconduct”. The termination was conveyed in separate letters signed by the Registrar of the institution, Mr. Gabriel Egbe and dated January 23, 2020. “Those affected staff are: Mr. Valentine Eworo and Ms Theodora Agama both of the Department of Pure and Applied Chemistry. “They were relieved of their appointments for allegedly altering Examination grades and Results of Organic Chemistry II, General Chemistry I and General Chemistry II courses for some students of the Department. “Also, Mr. Samuel Philip Bassey of the Dean’s Office, Faculty of Arts, was also sacked for defrauding the University by cloning the signatures of the immediate past and present Vice Chancellors, on a purported ‘’authorization to travel form’’ which enabled him obtain funds from the University for Conference attendance. “Similarly, Mr. Egbala Bassey of the Vice Chancellor’s office was also sacked for his alleged involvement in acts of Financial Misconduct and employment racketeering. He was said to have collected monies from some persons with the intention of facilitating and securing employment into the University. “Mrs. Roseline Etim Eyo of the Department of Religious and Cultural Studies was also dismissed for misconduct. The termination and demotion takes effect from the 13th of December 2019 while that of Mrs. Roseline takes effect from May 6, 2019,” the letter indicated. In a related development, the institution has commended Prof. Ikana Uwah and Mr. Francis Akpan of the Department of Pure and Applied Chemistry for the role they played in promptly reporting sharp practices perpetrated by some members of staff in the department. According to a letter signed by the University Registrar, Mr. Gabriel Egbe, the institution is impressed with their swift action in reporting the unethical conduct of Ms Theodora Agama and Mr. Valentine Eworo both of whom engaged in alleged falsification of Examination Result/Grades. The letter stated that they acted responsibly and in the overall interest of the University. “After thorough consideration of the report of its Disciplinary Committee, the Council decided to use the sledge hammer on the erring staff for indulging in acts that contravened relevant laws of the University,” the letter stated.