A businessman, Solomon Nwadiogbu, has asked the Federal High Court (FHC) to reassign his case against Eko Hotel and Suites from Justice Saliu Saidu over alleged bias and lack of confidence. The next hearing on the matter at the FHC Lagos Division has been fixed for Wednesday, February 19. Nwadiogbu told newsmen on Saturday that the suit against Eko Hotel and Suites over the seizure of his personal belongings is being allegedly hindered by Justice Saidu, who has “refused to hear the case” eight months after it was assigned to him. Nwadiogbu, the claimant in Suit No. FHC/L/CS/630/2019, said: “Justice Saidu has been making different efforts to frustrate the case by not hearing. All we get whenever we go to court are excuses from Justice Saidu. “In one of the instances, we were informed by the Chief Registrar of the court that the judge would not be available on the date of the hearing because he was to travel same day. “My cause for concern is that the case is being delayed despite the fact that all the papers and arguments of both parties have been before the judge since June 2019”. Fidelis Chukwuma, media adviser to Nwadiogbu, explained that the claimant was a permanent guest at the Eko Hotel and Suites between 2013 and 2019. Chukwuma said: “The businessman made his permanent suite a place where he hosted friends, clients, business partners and for six years and paid his bills as at when due. “Notwithstanding, some of the staff and management team wanted to cut corners through him by offering ‘special guest deals’ that were injurious to the hotel. This he turned down. “Curiously, the officials went behind to open some accounts in his name. They checked people into the hotel without his knowledge, thereby committing fraud. When Chief Nwadiogbu found out, he kicked because he didn’t want to abuse his privileges. “At a point, he had a health challenge and was rushed to a hospital where it was later discovered that his food at the hotel was poisoned. He was moved to three different hospitals; medical bills gulped millions of naira. “An agreement was later reached between him and the management that he should be cooking his food. Subsequently, he employed a cook and stopped eating from the hotel. “However, some persons tried to compromise the system and attempted to block the businessman from reporting the dubious ‘special guest deals’ to the new helmsman at Eko Hotel. But they didn’t know he has all the evidence of payments. “After deciding to quit the hotel, he was accused of not paying foods bills to which he issued a cheque of N20million. Within two days, the cheque was returned with assurance that he should not bother himself with the allegation. Till date, no proof that he owes. “When he resolved to move his cars out of the premises, the hotel management prevented him. This stalled the removal of four cars belonging to his company and other properties worth over N400million. “The businessman then approached the court and since April 2019, the case has not been heard. It has suffered several adjournments. When the case was called in June 2019, it was surprisingly adjourned to November 2019. That too was adjourned.” Chukwuma expressed hope that hearing will finally commence on Wednesday. Efforts to reach Eko Hotel and Suites proved abortive as calls to the contact numbers were not answered