Former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremadu has described himself and the member representing Awgu/Oji River/Aninri in the House of Representatives, Hon. Toby Okechukwu as the best Senators. DAILY POST reports that he spoke in Enugu during the inauguration of some Federal Government projects attracted by Okechukwu in his constituency. Addressing journalists on rumours that some of the projects in the South-East have been abandoned, the Senator representing Enugu West waved aside the criticisms, describing them as needless distractions. “I am happy you called it rumour because I don’t listen to rumour; you can see the roads are ongoing; we are in Abuja, busy working for our people, some people are here busy talking nonsense. So, we are not distracted. “We will do our best; Zik said that the best judge of a human is conscience, so we will do our best. We are not boasting, we are the best.” He later inaugurated Federal Government’s multi million naira technical laboratory at Uhugo Technical College, located at Ndeabor Community, Aninri Local Government Area of Enugu State, as well as a school block at Central School, Mmaku, in Awgu LGA. The laboratory, built by a Federal Government institute, the Scientific Equipment Development Institute, SEDI, has state-of-the-art physics, chemistry and biology laboratories. Ekweremadu described the project as phenomenal and very critical to the technological and scientific development of the area in particular and South-East in general. He said “this is contemporary education as far as technology and science education are concerned. This is the difference between developed countries and the rest- the emphasis on science and technology. That is why America, Britain, Singapore are investing heavily on science education. “What we are doing here today is setting the tone for science and technology education not just in Ndeabor, not just in Enugu West but indeed Enugu State and South-East of Nigeria.” Ekweremadu spoke against selfish leaders, who he said personalize government projects and appointments, noting that equity is the hallmark of democracy. “We passed a school in his community which does not have a science laboratory, Toby could have taken this one there, but he decided to site it here. “Democracy is a representative government; this is the kind of leaders we have in Enugu West. “Before we got to this place, we inspected ongoing road works, which include the old Enugu-Port Harcourt Road, the Awgu-Mgbowo-Nenwe-Ogugu-Ihe-Nkanu Road, as well as the one from Oweli Court through Mpu, and work is going on massively on these roads; Mmaku-Obeagu-Achi, they are almost in Achi and by March, the road would have been tarred all the way in Achi. “I want to thank Hon. Toby, who was the chairman of works when these roads were attracted, for his efforts; by 2021 the roads would have been completed. “We also commissioned a school which Toby did for Mmaku people,” the Senator added. In his remark, Okechukwu said he was fulfilled with the completion and handover of the project. He said, “as we all know, education is very essential, all the equipment here were done in Nigeria, Enugu State to be precise, so whatever challenges they face, it will be sorted out easily. “However, I must observe that Nigerians are good at building, but we are not good in maintenance; so, I’m charging them, particularly the school community, to ensure that it is secured, that it is not vandalized. “The most important thing now is to secure it and provide an enabling environment for it to remain useful. “Education is the only thing that can enable you to overcome your circumstance, so we cannot relent in attracting education facilities.”