Barrister Olusegun Bamgbose, the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has advised President Muhammadu Buhari to sack his cabinet following the visa ban placed on Nigerians by the Government of the United States of America. Most recently, Donald Trump administration officially imposed an immigrant visa ban on six countries including Nigeria. This, in essence, means Nigerians who want to relocate to the United States for greener pastures should forget it for now. In a statement he personally signed and made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday, the senior lawyer said, “This is really a very sad development in a country grappling with poverty, unemployment, and insecurity. This is as a result of the gross incompetence of Buhari’s cabinet to handle situations before it will degenerate into a serious crisis.” It should be recalled that in the later part of last year, the US report included Nigeria as one of the countries with religious freedom violations, and the inclusion of Nigeria on the list was announced by the US Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo. They made reference to the killings of Shitte protesters and violence in Nigeria’s middle belt. The Presidency rather than respond proactively took a swipe on the US government, asking them to stop poke-nosing into its internal affairs. And in reaction to the inclusion, the Nigerian Government, through the office of the Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed had said: “The stance of the United States was orchestrated narrative that has long been discredited.” And the Presidency, through Femi Adesina, Spokesperson to the President, blasted the United States government for speaking about Nigeria and that they “should stop poke-nosing into our affairs.” “No man, no country, nobody has appointed the US a policeman of the world, let them face their own issues, we are not answerable to the United States,” Adesina had said. But Bamgbose described the reactions as “certainly an exhibition of diplomatic mediocrity. It shows the gross incompetence of Buhari’s Cabinet. If one may ask, what’s the foreign affairs up to in respect of these issues. “These have certainly created a diplomatic gaffe between Nigeria and the US. The United States has rated the performance of Buhari’s cabinet very low. It is really baffled by Buhari’s administration to foresee an impending danger and forestall it. “One would expect Buhari to sack his cabinet with immediate effect. His present cabinet lacks the capacity to make things happen. They are incompetent. The gross incompetence and ineptitude of Buhari’s Cabinet led to the US travel ban. “I’m quite optimistic that President Trump may have a quick rethink if Buhari will improve on the human rights abuses and also sack the cabinet for plunging Nigeria into darkness.”