The Commissioner of Police in Cross River State has dragged a driver, Victor Michael, male, and aged 32 to court for knocking down a Federal Road Safety Marshall in Calabar, Cross River State. The matter in a suit no MC/56C/2020 between the Commissioner of Police and the suspect (Victor Michael) came up in the Magistrate Court on Friday. DAILY POST correspondent who was in the Court observed that the suspect was charged with two court charge bothering on knocking down of the FRSC Marshall and driving without driver’s licence. According to the charges, “that, you Victor Michael ‘m’ on the 4th of February 2020, at about 7.30 am along Calabar roundabout by Nigerian Navy Reference Hospital Road, Calabar in the Calabar Magistrate District, being a driver of a Toyota Camry with registration number ANA 832 CK. “Drove the said vehicle on the public highway recklessly and negligently or at a speed or in a manner which is dangerous to the public highway, having regards to all circumstances of the road including the nature, condition and the use of the highway and the amount of traffic which is actually at the time or which might be reasonable consideration for other persons using the highway. “And thereby hit one Nitkim James Ita male causing him serious injurious and thereby committed an offence contrary to section 29 (1) RTA of Cross River State Traffic Law, Cap R5 Vol 6 laws of the Cross River State of Nigeria 2004. “That you, Victor Michael on the same date, time and place in the aforementioned magisterial district, being the driver of Toyota Camry with registration no ANA 832 CK, drove the said vehicle on the public highway without driver’s licence and thereby committed an offence punishable under 5 (1) of the Road Traffic Law, Cap R5 Vol 6 Laws of Cross River State of Nigeria 2004,” the charge stated. The suspect, however, pleaded not guilty to the two count charge read to him. The matter was adjourned to February 21st 2020 for hearing while the court granted him (Suspect) bail with the sum of two hundred thousand naira. Meanwhile, the victim of the accident, Nitkim James Ita, FRSC Marshall is still lying critically ill in an undisclosed hospital, but a source at the FRSC who pleaded that his name should not be mentioned said that he was responding fine to treatment.