Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA) has said that a man lost his life, while three adults were injured in a gas explosion which took place at Palmgroove Estate, Lagos. LASEMA Director-General, Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, who confirmed the accident on Monday, said that the three injured people had been hospitalised. 2. The Accident and Investigation Bureau (AIB) has finally come up with the reason the helicopter, conveying Vice President Yemi Osinbajo to Kabba in Kogi State crashed prior to the 2019 election after months of investigation. A final report of the cause of the crash was revealed by the Commissioner of AIB, Akin Olateru in Abuja on Tuesday, indicated that said the pilot lost visual contact with the ground and external surroundings. 3. An Independent Review Panel has exonerated the President of the African Development Bank (AfDB), Akinwumi Adesina, of any ethical wrongdoings. The report of the independent panel states that it “concurs with the (Ethics) Committee in its findings in respect of all the allegations against the President and finds that they were properly considered and dismissed by the Committee.” 4. The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has said no fewer than 10 passengers escaped death on Tuesday evening, when their boat capsized on Lagos Waterways, NAN reports. NEMA Acting Coordinator in Lagos State, Alhaji Ibrahim Farinloye, who made this known in a statement, said, “10 passengers were rescued live when their boat capsized. 5. A former aide to President Goodluck Jonathan, Doyin Okupe wants Federal Government to ban banks from selling telecommunication airtime, which according to him creates jobs for Nigerians. Doyin stated that banks involvement in the retails segment is strangulating small individual traders. 6. Abdulrasheed Maina, ex-Chairman, Pension Reform Task Team (PRTT), has been released from Kuje Correctional Centre nine months after his detention. The ex-PRTT boss Maina, who was arraigned before Justice Okon Abang of the Federal High Court, Abuja, on Oct. 25, 2019, by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) alongside his son, Faisal, and firm, Common Input Property and Investment Ltd., was finally released on Monday evening after completing the necessary documents for his freedom. 7. Former Kogi West senatorial district representative at the Senate, Dino Melaye, on Tuesday, lost his election petition against Senator Smart Adeyemi in the Court of Appeal. The Appellate Court upheld the judgement of the tribunal, which threw out Melaye’s petition for lacking in merits. 8. The Christian Association of Nigeria on Tuesday warned that self-help might be the alternative should the government fail to put a stop to the killing of Christians in Southern Kaduna. The President of CAN, Samson Ayokunle, said this in a statement by his Special Assistant (Media and Communications, Adebayo Oladeji, titled, ‘CAN calls for genuine intervention in the continuous murder in Southern Kaduna and other states in the North.’ 9. The High Court of the Federal Capital Territory in Maitama, Abuja, on Tuesday, ordered the arrest of the immediate-past Clerk of the National Assembly, Mohammed Sani-Omolori. Justice Suleman Belgore issued the warrant of arrest following an ex parte application by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission accusing the suspect of diverting N400m worth of vehicles belonging to the parliament. 10. The House of Representatives has summoned Governor of Central Bank of Nigeria, Godwin Emefiele; Director-General, National Pension Commission, Aisha Dahir-Umar; and Chairman, Federal Inland Revenue Service, Muhammad Nami, to explain various expenditure totalling N300bn. Others summoned by the House Committee on Public Accounts on various audit queries issued by the Office of the Auditor General of the Federation were Head of Civil Service of the Federation, Dr Folasade Yemi-Esan; Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami; and Accountant General of the Federation, Mr Ahmed Idris.