Three men, who identified themselves as members of the notorious One Million Boys gang, have been arrested by the police in Ogun State. DAILY POST reports that they were arrested for allegedly gang-raping a lady at Ogijo area of Ogun State on July 23. The state police spokesman, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, identified the men as Sola Olaoluwa, Ibrahim Kehinde and Lukman Banjoko. Oyeyemi disclosed that they were arrested following a complaint lodged at Ogijo division by the victim. The victim, according to Oyeyemi, told the police that she had met one man, identified as “Enny Money”, who gave her an App to download on her phone with an assurance that those she will meet through that App will help her financially. Having downloaded the App, Oyeyemi said the lady disclosed that the man she met later turned out to be the same “Enny Money” as he started chatting with her and invited her to Idimogun area of Ogijo. On getting there, “she was lured into a house where she was subsequently gang-raped by five men who called themselves members of 1 Million Boys,” Oyeyemi said. The gang had forced her to submission when they pointed a gun at her, while taking turn to rape her. One of them was also said to have video-recorded the action with his phone. “Upon the report, the DPO Ogijo division, CSP Muhammed Baba Suleiman dispatched his detectives to go after the hoodlums and bring them to justice. At about 5am of 24th of July 2020, the detectives succeeded in arresting the duo of Sola Olaoluwa 35yrs and Ibrahim Kehinde ‘m’ 19yrs. “Their arrest led the detectives to the third suspect Lukman Banjoko ‘m’ 20yrs who was arrested on the 26th of July 2020. On interrogation, the suspects made confessional statements that they actually committed the crime as alleged by the victim. They further confessed that the victim was the second person they gang raped in that area,” Oyeyemi told DAILY POST. It was gathered that one toy gun which they used to force their victim to submission and the phone which they used to record their dastardly act were recovered from them. Meanwhile, the Ogun State Commissioner of Police, CP Edward Ajogun said the suspects should be transferred to the State CIID for an in-depth investigation. He has equally directed that the remaining two members of the gang should be hunted for and brought to justice, it was learnt.