As the effects of the global pandemic known as coronavirus continue to hit hard on the world economy, a young Nigerian has proffered a better way forward to salvage the situation and get the ailing economy running again. Adama J Adama is currently making a bold statement with his Viable X, a trading commodity platform he floated for farmers, traders and investors. Viable X, an online commodity trading platform, floated by Farm4Me.com, a Nigerian premium agribusiness firm that has positioned itself as a game-changer in agriculture. Barely 2 months after its launch, Viable X has grown to 6,000 registered members and still counting. The volume of transactions on the platform so far has been phenomenal. Export financing has attracted the highest patronage. Before the launch of the platform, Adama had averred that Viable X has capabilities to boost job creation and economic empowerment through innovative approaches to agricultural businesses. In his words, “the platform was created to change the face of agribusiness in Nigeria.” Truly, Viable X has continued to providing soft loans for farmers and as well helping famers to sell and market their commodities with ease. This is not surprising because young Adama had through his first platform Farm4Me, which he founded in March 2019 has pioneered contract farming in Nigeria. Within a short time, the reputation of the start-up soared and it was ranked on Google as the No 1 agritech company that majored in farm equipment rental services in Nigeria. Viable X’s bottom line is making agribusiness simpler, easier and faster for Nigerians and therefore assist farmers to profit greatly from the sweat of their labour. This is the broad assertion from Adama. On the level of patronage, the young agroprenuer said, “It has been very encouraging. When we started, I told the press we wanted to raise millionaires and today, we have crossed that mark. We will not rest on our oars. We will continue to make giant strides and raising more millionaires. “Our vision is to become a multi-billion dollar company with visible social impact,” he enthused. “We can be reached via www.viablex.com, info@viablex.com or 07000230230.”