Federal Road Safety Corp, Akwa Ibom State Command said it has arrested and prosecuted about 122 motorists for flouting the COVID-19 protocols in Uyo, the State capital and its environs The Sector Commander, CC Ochi Oga, disclosed this in his office located at Idoro Road at the weekend during an interview with journalists. He noted that out of 122 persons, 92 who were mainly Tricycle and Minibus drivers were convicted for overloading of passengers against the recommended number of persons in a vehicle by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control NCDC. He said the other 30 persons were involved in other related traffic offenses, such as the use of expired particulars. Oga who berated the level of traffic disobedience in the State especially by Tricycle and minibus drivers said the command would address the issue through enlightenment and dialogue with the operators. His words, “In a mobile court exercise held on Friday and the other day, we arrested, tried and convicted 90 and 32 road traffic offenders respectively. “Out of the number, 92 persons were involved in overloading of passengers against the prescribed number of persons to be carried in a Keke or Minibus by the NCDC guidelines. “The challenge we have is the rate of traffic disobedience, especially by keke drivers. From the way they behave, it is as if they failed to understand that there are other road users. We are addressing that through public enlightenment.” The Sector Commander noted that the time of patrol operations would be extended in the State so that they can be more visible on highways. On the easing of interstate travel and reopening of motor parks, Oga said the officers have gone to all the motor parks in the State to educate the operators on the need to observe NCDC protocols. He added that the officers ensured that all the NCDC COVID-19 precautionary measures were put in place in every motor park before giving approval for operations in such places. “For us to open up the motor parks for use, we ensured that all the protocols are put in place, for the safety of travelers even for those who are working in the motor parks. We tasked them on the need to avoid the overloading of passengers. “Of course a bus which used to carry 14 passengers will only carry Seven now. As a matter of fact, our men are on the road to enforce that.” He said. The newly posted commander pledged to ensure a better and robust relationship between the public and the officers, more visibility on the road and better performance among the staff.