Stakeholders of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in Awgu Local Government Area of Enugu State, on Friday, described as ill-conceived and malicious claims by a member of the party, one Mr. Ben Eche that Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi was uneven in his administration’s development projects. Rising from their meeting, the concerned stakeholders came hard on Eche “for using the name of the party for his ill-conceived motive”, even as they accused him of hiding under a title that does not exist in the party. A communique issued after the meeting was signed by Engr. Rufus Okafor and Jeramiah Nwankwo, the coordinator and the secretary of the concerned APC stakeholders, respectively. While declaring the said media publication as totally unacceptable, the APC stakeholders said “it was an article of injury, hatred and disunity meant to implicitly ridicule the efforts of Enugu State under His Excellency Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi in spreading democracy dividends across the senatorial zones in the state. “We believe in the assumption that the act of Mr. Ben Eche must have been caused by the dissolution of Enugu State Universal Basic Education Board wherein Mr. Ben Eche was a Project Officer. The board was dissolved by His Excellency Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi upon refusal of some of the board members to give account of their stewardship. “Since His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi ended the business of Mr. Ben Eche as project officer in the board, he became antagonist and hatefully contemptible against His Excellency’s projects in the state.” They maintained that Governor Ugwuanyi’s administration has been fair to Awgu Local Government Area, stressing “in Enugu West, we have Udi, Ezeagu, Oji-River, Awgu and Aninri Local Government Areas, but His Excellency, the governor of Enugu State chose Awgu Local Government as a site for the relocation of Enugu State University of Education, a project that will be completed, together Awgu Games village before the end of His Excellency’s Administration. “Equally worthy to mention is His Excellency’s prompt reaction and response towards the revitalization and rehabilitation of Awgu General Hospital. “It is obvious that recently His Excellency paid an unscheduled visit to the Hospital and Basic School of Midwifery therein. The outcome of the visit was the promise by His Excellency to revitalize and rehabilitate the present Awgu General Hospital and the Basic School of Midwifery therein.” The stakeholders warned Eche “to henceforth desist from using the name of the All Progressive Congress in his future political dealings in this regard. “The APC has a channel through which it can charge His Excellency Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi to action and make its interest known to him. “There is nothing like governorship aspirant in our party’s constitution. The candidate of our party in the 2019 election was Sen. Ayogu Eze. Aspirants ceased to exist after party primaries.”