The Niger State Government has expressed worries over the recent survey that indicated that out of 195,000 children, 19,000 die before their fifth (5th) birthday annually in the state. Against this backdrop, it has inaugurated a committee that will ensure the drastic reduction in the unfavourable Childhood Morbidity and Mortality rates in the state A recent Nigerian Demographic Health Survey (NDHS 2013) indicates that the annual live-birth figure in Niger State stands at 195,000 yet the state has the third-highest burden of childhood pneumonia among the Seven North-Central States in Nigeria. The Survey stated that nearly 6 million children under the age of five die every year globally mainly from preventable causes and most of the deaths are caused by Pneumonia and Diarrhea, the major killers of young children. Inaugurating the Niger State Action Committee on Childhood Killer Diseases (NSACCKD) via a Virtual meeting, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health, Dr. Joseph Kolo stated that the State Government is worried about the lives of children and is prepared to do its best to save their lives. The Committee has Dr. Ibrahim Dangana, Executive Director, State Primary Healthcare Care Development Agency (SPHCDA) as Chairman, Dr. Idris Mohammed Director, Public Health as Co-Chairman, Pharm Patrick Gimba, IMCI coordinator as Secretary, Dr. Aliyu Yabagi Shehu, Program Director CCRHS-PAS as well as 26 others as Members. At the meeting, they unanimously agreed that there is a need to ensure a drastic reduction in the unfavourable Childhood (U-5) Morbidity and Mortality from preventable Pneumonia and Diarrhoea in Niger State. The Team Leader of Niger PAS Partners and Project Director, Centre for Communication and Reproductive Health Services (CCRHS), Dr. Aliyu Yabagi Shehu expressed the readiness of his team to support the State Government in ensuring that budgeted allocations are timely released. He noted the need for increased availability of new drugs (Amoxicillin DT, Zn-Lo-ORS) across the PHC Centres (facilities) in Niger State. He also stressed the need for improved effective and Sustainable funding to CKD through the Implementation of CIP & Policy on CKD in Niger State, arguing, ”that it helps reduce 19,000 under 5 deaths by 70% in the state by 2022″.