Following a satisfactory report by the Chairman of Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs, Senator Adamu Muhammad Bulkachuwa, Senate on Wednesday confirmed 39 out 41 ambassadorial nominees with only one as Career nominee. In a report which formed the basis for this Wednesday’s confirmation of nominees, the Committee sought for nominees from Niger and Yobe to be stood down, citing unresolved issues from their states. They are: Air Comodore Peter Ndabake Gana (Rtd) and Yusuf Mohammed. Senator Bulkachuwa said, nominees were screened virtually and physically, and were found satisfactory. He said: “All the 41 nominees exhibited a high level of diplomacy that warranted no objection from the Committee. “They were drawn from academic, public and private sectors with high level of pedigree and exposure. He added that the Committee stood down nominees from Niger and Yobe States pending the resolution of the mixed up surrounding their appointments by President Muhammadu Buhari. However, Senator Gabriel Suswam (Benue Northeast), pointed out that two career Ambassadors from Benue went to the same zone, leaving the biggest zone he represents, hence, “the need to step down pending when it’s being sorted out. Also, Senator Yusuf Abubakar Yusuf (Taraba Central), and Emmanuel Bwacha (Taraba South) complained of lopsidedness in the appointment of Ambassadorial nominee from Taraba, citing relevant Act of the Federal Character Commission, while urging the Senate to step down the nominee. Reacting, Senate President, Dr Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan pleaded for understanding, insisting that the business of the Senate was to confirm and to appoint. The Chamber, thereafter, confirmed the following: Suleiman Sani – Career ambassador
Umar Sulieman, Adamawa
Kevin Peter, Adamawa
John Usanga, Akwa Ibom
Elejah Onyeagba, Anambra
Abubakar Ibrahim, Bauchi
Philip Ikurusi, Bayelsa
Tarzoor Terhemen, Benue
Paul Adikwu, Benue
Al-Bishir Al-Hussain, Borno
Bwala Bukar, Borno
Monique Ekpong, Cross River
Oma Djebah, Delta
Ominyi Eze, Ebonyi
Yamah Musa, Edo
C. O Ugwu, Enugu
Hajara Salim, Gombe
Obiezu Chinyerem, Imo
Ali Magashi, Jigawa
M. A Markarfi, Kaduna
Hamisu Takalmawa, Kano
Jazuli Gadalanci, Kano
Sadiya Nuhu, Kano
Yahaya Lawal, Katsina
Dare Sunday Awoniyi, Kogi
Ibrahim Laaro, Kwara
Abioye Bello, Kwara
Zara Umar, Kwara
Ademola Seriki, Lagos
Henry Omaku, Nasarawa
Sarafa Isola, Ogun
Nimi Akinkube, Ondo
Adejaba Bello, Osun
Adeshina Alege, Oyo
Debo Adeshina, Oyo
Folakemi Akinyele, Oyo
Shehu Yibaikwal, Plateau
Maureen Tamuno, Rivers
Faruk Yabo, Sokoto
Adamu Hassan, Taraba
Abubakar Moriki, Zamfara After their confirmation, Senate President advised Ambassadors to interact with Senators from their States in the interest of the nation.