A two-storey building under construction in Abuja collapsed on Saturday, trapping 10 persons, with one seriously injured. NAN reports that the unfortunate incident happened behind Dawaki Modern Market, in the Galadima area of the Federal Capital Territory. The incident left some of its occupants, who were workers at the site, injured. Officials of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), FCT Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), Fire Service and the Nigerian Police Force responded to the distress call and rescued the workers. Speaking to newsmen, the Director-General, FEMA, Alhaji Idris Abbas, said emergency response was swiftly activated immediately the agency got the distress call. Abbas also stated that one person out of the three rescued was seriously injured and the three of them have been taken to a nearby hospital for treatment. He added that based on the report the agency received, the building was a bungalow but the developer was trying to upgrade it to a two-storey building. “Ten persons were trapped, three were rescued and were taken to the hospital while others are okay,” he said. He also advised builders to desist from contravening the building plan as approved by the development control department of the FCT. Also, Mr Muktar Galadima, Director, Department of Development Control, added that his organisation had given the developer a ‘stop work’ notice when it noticed a modification of the building. “On the 17th of this month, when our officers were moving round and monitoring developments, they noticed the modification of the building from a bungalow to a two-strorey building and he was issued a stop work notice. “He, took advantage of the weekend and resumed work and this incident happened, and due process as well as engineering process was not followed,” he said. However, one of the survivors, Mr Harisu Abdullahi, while narrating his ordeal said he was working on the first floor of the building when it collapsed but regained consciousness after he was being rushed to the hospital. “I really thank God for sparing my life,” he said.