Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Buhari Friday directed the EFCC Director of Operations, Mohammed Umar, to take charge and oversee the activities of the Commission in the absence of its suspended acting chairman, Ibrahim Magu. He has also approved the immediate suspension of Ibrahim Magu as Ag. Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission to allow unhindered inquiry by the Presidential Investigation Panel under the Tribunals of Inquiry Act & other relevant laws. 2. The Chief Judge of Ondo State, Justice Olarenwaju Akeredolu has declined the request by the Ondo State House of Assembly to set up a probe panel against the Deputy Governor, Agboola Ajayi. According to the Chief Judge in a reply to the request of the Speaker, Bamidele Oleyelogun, the Assembly did not meet the constitutional requirements needed to impeach the embattled deputy governor. 3. Eleven out of the 12 governorship aspirants that participated in the All Progressives Congress (APC) screening in Ondo State have rejected the indirect mode approved by the party’s National Caretaker Committee. The aspirants on Friday sent a formal letter to the party’s Caretaker/Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee (CEONCPC) in this regard. 4. Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Niger Delta Development Commission, Prof. Kemebradikumo Daniel Pondei, has vowed to quit his position if the ongoing Ad-hoc committee probe proves any financial malfeasance against him. He was speaking on oath on the second day of the Senate Committee’s public investigative hearing on Friday in Abuja. 5. Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, a former Vice President, has condemned the decision by the President Muhammadu Buhari’s government to withdraw Nigerian students from writing the West African Senior Secondary School Certificate Examination for 2020. Atiku said if not reversed, such decision will have devastating effect on the academic life of Nigerian children. 6. The suspended Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, has written to the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, to be released on bail. In a letter dated July 10, 2020, Magu’s legal representative, Oluwatosin Ojaomo, asked Adamu to grant bail to his client on “self recognizance”. 7. The Chairman of All Progressives Congress, APC, in Ese- Odo Local Government Area of Ondo State on Friday resigned his membership of the party. The Chairman, Samuel Olorunwa Ajayi, who tendered his resignation letter at the party’s secretariat revealed that he has already decamped to the People’s Democratic Party, PDP. According to Ajayi who confirmed his resignation via telephone, he resigned his position as chairman as well as being a member of APC from Friday, 10th July, 2020. 8. Gal Pissetzky, lawyer to Nigerian suspected international fraudster, Ramon Olorunwa Abbas, popularly known as Ray Hushpuppi, has said that his client was kidnapped by the FBI from Dubai and taken to the US. The lawyer argued that there was no extradition no legal steps taken, and no court documents filed, and that it was simply a call to the FBI. He also argued that the suspect was not a citizen of the United States, and that the US had no authority to take him. 9. The Deputy Governor of Edo State, Philip Shaibu, on Friday said the immediate past National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, Adams Oshiomhole once campaigned for the state Governor, Godwin Obaseki, and had described Obaseki as a team player who knows the value of a family. He said that Oshiomhole has already helped make Obaseki popular regardless of his current position. 10. The Western Nigeria Security Network, code-named: ‘Amotekun Corps’ has arrested three Chinese nationals, suspected to be illegal miners in Osun. The Corps, during a sting operation led by its Director-General, Amitolu Shittu, stormed Ido-oko, an agrarian community in Ilesa axis and also apprehended 20 locals.