The Bayelsa State Police Commissioner, CP Nkereuwem Akpan, on Wednesday, opened up on the incident of the alleged killing of seven of his men in Ughelli by some men of the Federal Anti Robbery Squad (FSARS) over reported involvement in armed robbery. CP Akpan, who denied allegation of conspiracy of silence over the recent killing of seven policemen attached to the command, declared that though the Bayelsa Police Command is taking stock of personnel under its command and participating in a joint investigation to unravel the circumstances surrounding the alleged police killing. It will be recalled that the Civil Liberties Organization (CLO) had threatened a showdown and possible legal action against the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, and the police hierarchy over their continuous silence on the brutal killing of seven serving policemen from the Bayelsa State Police Command in Ughelli, Delta State. But the Commissioner, who made this known in Yenagoa during a news conference and parade of suspects involved in alleged conspiracy and armed robbery, assured that the investigation of the reported killing of the Seven Policemen in Delta state will not be swept under the carpet. Akpan, who displayed Ignorance over the allegation leveled by the CLO against the Police Inspector, also said “I became aware recently and let me assure us that the truth cannot be hidden. Like it happened in Delta State and not my command, the truth cannot be hidden.” He, however, confirmed that no divisional head of Police have complained of missing personnel in the command,” Nobody has come to me to say any personnel is missing. But we are still taking stock. None of our men is missing.” On the recent arrest of suspects in the state, Commissioner Akpan confirmed the arrest of a car-snatching syndicate that infiltrate Yenagoa, the Bayelsa capital from neighboring IMO and Eboyi State to unlawfully sales of stolen vehicles popularly called” Mini Bus” snatched from the members of the Public. “Three suspects were arrested for the alleged snatching of three minibusses. The suspects are Chinemerem Emereonye, Edolor Ekiyoukekeme and Ogunkeye Ebenezer.”