Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers: 1. Nigeria has recorded 503 new cases of coronavirus. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, which announced the figure on Tuesday, said Lagos State recorded 153 cases, while Ondo State followed with 76 cases. 2. Aminu Adisa Logun, the Chief of Staff to Kwara State Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq was on Tuesday confirmed dead. A statement by the spokesman to the governor, Rafiu Ajakaye, said Logun, an industrialist, a public intellectual, and an elder statesman died Tuesday evening of complications from COVID-19. 3. Ibrahim Magu has been suspended as the Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, (EFCC) by President Muhammadu Buhari. Magu was ‘axed’ after a six-hour grilling by a presidential panel, chaired by Justice Ayo Salami, a former president of the Court of Appeal. 4. 14 lawmakers in the Ondo State House of Assembly on Tuesday served an impeachment notice on Agboola Ajayi, the state Deputy Governor. The lawmakers accused the Deputy Governor of gross misconduct. 5. Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, Tuesday explained why Sen. Orji Uzor Kalu’s seat in the Senate was not declared vacant when a Lagos court sentenced him to 12 years imprisonment in December 2019. Lawan stated that no one could convince the lawmakers that somebody should take the Abia North seat. 6. A Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), Mike Ozekhome, has claimed that he wrote vice-president, Yemi Osinbajo in 2017, giving several warnings that the acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, was looting funds. In a statement on Tuesday, Ozekhome said he wrote Osinbajo who was acting president at the time about Magu. 7. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has given reasons the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu can’t be governor of Edo State. PDP explained that Ize-Iyamu’s confession validated the position of former APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole that he is unfit to govern the state. 8. The Federal and Lagos State Governments have announced traffic management plan ahead of the closure of the Third Mainland Bridge. Maintenance on the bridge would be carried out from July 24, 2020 to January 24, 2021. 9. At least, two people – a police inspector and one other person have been kidnapped in a highway operation by men of the underworld in Adamawa State. Report said the inspector and the other victim were passengers of a vehicle plying the Numan-Yola highway Monday night when the suspected kidnappers stopped their vehicle and abducted the duo. 10. Pastor T. B. Joshua of Synagogue Church of all Nations has declared readiness to virtually pray for COVID-19 patients in isolation centres in Nigeria and other countries. In an announcement on Tuesday, Joshua called on government and medical authorities to “organize those who are in isolation” and “arrange how to connect them to us”.