Two lecturers suspended by the management of Federal University Lokoja, have been reinstated by the National Industrial Court. The presiding judge, Justice Oyewumi delivered the judgment today in favour of Prof Gbenga Ibileye and Chief Aina on the case between them and the school management which lasted for more than one hour. The two claimants had approached the court to set aside the letter of query served to them on June 22nd, 2019 and to quash the letters of suspension served on them on 24th June 2019. They also requested the court to determine whether the university had the right to query and suspend them over the same matter that had previously been determined with finality through a competent court of jurisdiction. The plaintiffs also prayed that the court should give a perpetual order to prevent the University from taking any further action to try or punish them on the same matter. Delivering his judgment on the matter, Justice Oyewumi averred that it is a trite position in law that a case which has been determined with finality by a competent court of jurisdiction, none of the parties can be punished on the same matter again. Declaring the query and suspension as illegal, null and void, Justice Oyewumi ruled that the University was malicious, vindictive and motivated by vendetta. The judge took exceptional cognizance of the management’s and the council’s handling of the matter, describing it as reckless and illegal for constituting itself into an appellate court. The learned judge who came down hard on the defense counsel for what was described as a display of professional incompetence and irresponsibility, declared that no power has the authority to arrogate itself appellate function as the University Management and the Governing Council recklessly did. According to the Judge, the defense counsel should have properly and professionally guide their clients on the fruitlessness of the case. DAILY POST, however, reports that, this judgment will put to rest the thirty months legal tussle between the University Management and the two aggrieved lecturers.