Two suspected kidnappers have been killed, while others escaped with various degrees of bullet wounds while trying to kidnap some commuters along Lokoja-Abuja expressway. DAILY POST learned that the suspected kidnappers, numbering about fifteen, armed with AK-47 rifles, ambushed commuters at about 3:20am on Monday at Idu Bridge, along Lokoja-Abuja expressway, under Kogi Local Government Area of the State. The bandits reportedly ambushed commuters and fired sporadically at a white sienna bus with registration number Osun BKN466XA which unfortunately hit the upper arm of the driver. The kidnappers after staging their deadly operation were, however, repelled by the Joint Security Task Forces of the state which led to the rescue of other two passengers in the Siena bus identified as Blessing Onu (aged 35) and Eze Ikechukwu (aged 40), both conveying vegetables from Akure to Abuja. The Senior Special Assistant on Security to the Governor, in Kogi LGA Isah Abdulkarim, confirmed the incident on Monday evening. He said “the Kogi State Government has re-strategized its security networks and responded head-on to the resurgence of kidnappings along the major road networks in the state. “The remnants of kidnappers who were dealt a deadly blow by the current administration of Governor Yahaya Bello were trying to stage a come back in recent times. “On 13th July 2020, about 0320 hours, at Idu Bridge, along Lokoja-Abuja expressway, Kogi LGA, unidentified bandits numbering about fifteen (15), armed with AK-47 rifles, ambushed commuters and fired sporadically at a sienna bus and hit the upper arm of the driver. “The team went after the kidnappers which led to the death of two of the daredevil criminals during a gun exchange, with some of them escaping with bullet wounds. Another kidnapping attempt according to sources was also repelled along Okene-Lokoja road by the proactive efforts of the Vigilante service. DAILY POST recalls that the Abuja-Lokoja- Okene expressway had recently become a haven for criminal elements despite efforts by the government to nip in the bud the upsurge of crime and criminality in Kogi State.