Oyo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday said that the Nigerian judiciary has again proven to be the last hope of the masses, against undue political influence and manipulations of the people will. The party was reacting to the Wednesday Appeal Court judgement which ruled in favour of the Oyo State government against the local government chairmen who were asked to leave their offices by Governor Seyi Makinde in May 2019. DAILY POST recalls that the Court of Appeal sitting in Ibadan had on Wednesday ruled in favour of Oyo state government under the leadership of Engineer Seyi Makinde of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). https://dailypost.ng/2020/07/15/breaking-sacked-oyo-lg-chairmen-lose-battle-to-retain-seats/ PDP while reacting, said that the judiciary has again proved to be the last hope of the masses when it ruled in favour of the state government. PDP in a statement jointly signed by the trio of Alhaji Kunmi Mustapha, Alhaji Wasiu Adeleke and Engineer Akeem Olatunji, Chairman, Secretary and Publicity Secretary, respectively, said that the judgement by the appellate court had put the case to final rest. The trio said that all hands must be on deck to ensure that the people of the State continue to enjoy good governance under the Governor Seyi Makinde led PDP administration. “The Nigerian judiciary has again proven to be the last hope of the masses against undue political influence and manipulations of people will with the resounding judgement of the appellate court yesterday which upheld the dissolution of the sacked Oyo Association of Local Government of Nigeria (ALGON) by the Oyo government,” they said. “Yesterday’s judgement was a resounding victory for democracy which has further deepen our faith and trust in the Nigerian judiciary as the last hope of the common man. “It is very easy to predict an outcome of any event once truth remains uncompromised, we already knew the embattled chairmen had absolutely no case in this whole episode, it is more of deliberately trying to distract the present government which is of course not in the collective interest of the people. “We, however, urge our aggrieved brothers and sisters in the opposition to stop the ‘wild goose chase’ and join hands with Governor Seyi Makinde and all the 68 Caretaker Chairmen in various local governments and LCDAs across the State in other to move Oyo state forward,” they added.