Muslim Ummah of South West Nigeria (MUSWEN), the umbrella body of Muslims in the region on Wednesday, advised United Nations Organization (UN), World Health Organization (WHO) and other regional international organizations to interact in matters of politics, economy and culture in ways that would promote world peace and encourage working together for the greater benefit of humanity. MUSWEN warned the international organizations to desist from creating atmospheres of unhealthy rivalry and mutual suspicion among nations in the world. The organization gave the advice and the warning in a communiqué issued at the end of a webinar on COVID-19 effects and Muslims response. MUSWEN Executive Secretary/ Chief Executive Officer, Professor Muslih Tayo Yahya in the communiqué made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan on Wednesday, urged governments, religious and social organizations and the citizenry to see “COVID-19” as a common enemy and work individually and collectively to tackle it. The organization also advised scholars and experts to put heads together individually and collectively and come up with the best ways to maintain meaningful acts of worship in the atmosphere of “the new norm”. MUSWEN said, “The United Nations Organization (UN), the World Health Organization (WHO) and all regional international organizations in the world should endeavor to interact in matters of politics, economy and culture in ways that would promote world peace and encourage working together for the greater benefit of humanity and desist from creating atmospheres of unhealthy rivalry and mutual suspicion. “Governments, Religious and Social organizations and the citizenry should all see “COVID-19” as a common enemy and work individually and collectively to tackle its menace with a view to ensuring that it does not constitute a permanent threat to safety and the economic, spiritual and social well-being of the human society. Scholars and experts under the auspices of notable Islamic umbrella organizations such as the Nigeria Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), the Muslim Ummah of southwest Nigeria (MUSWEN), the Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI) should put heads together individually and collectively and come up with the best ways to maintain meaningful acts of worship in the atmosphere of “the new norm”. “Every individual should take personal responsibility to protect themselves against “COVID-19” by observing with every sense of seriousness, the recommended preventive measures advised by governments and experts; governments should, however, ensure that the health-care centres have adequate facilities to promptly handle fresh cases, while frantic efforts continue towards finding a lasting remedy to the Pandemic. “Before mosques and other worship places are declared safe for use by worshippers, regular sanitization of such places by fumigation and the provision of hygiene enhancing equipment should be jointly provided as a matter of responsibility, by governments and worship groups to ensure that such places do not only remain open to worshippers but are visibly safe. Every family should imbibe the spirit of togetherness, learn to permanently avoid unnecessary interactions through social parties and gatherings, and make the best of the new and safe ways of interaction even in learning and trading. “Prayer remains the sword and shield of the believer; all believers should be constant in prayers and supplication, seek forgiveness of Allah, desist from evil deeds and show kindness to one another in order to attract the mercy and blessings of Allah. Oh Allah, forgive our sins and guide us to the most appropriate remedy to the ravaging “COVID-19” and enable us to gather in Your holy places to worship You in ways most pleasing to You. “The Coronavirus, also known as “COVID -19” is novel in the life of human being, but although there are controversies surrounding its origin, there is cause to believe that it is a natural Virus, not likely to have been generically manufactured, neither does it seem to have any connection with the “5G network” as being speculated. “No certain remedy to “COVID-19” has been discovered so far, yet every human being is susceptible to it; there is no end to it in sight therefore the presence of “COVID-19” has to be accepted as the “new norm”. COVID-19” infection can be prevented if the recommended measures are taken seriously and moreover, there are indications that 70-80% of its victims are likely to survive if adequate care is taken and survivors would not be re-infected as immunity is built over time.