Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A total of 603 new cases of coronavirus were been recorded in Nigeria. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, which announced the figure on Saturday, said Lagos State recorded 135 cases, while Edo State followed with 87 cases. 2. Sequel to the COVID-19 status of Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, his deputy, Agboola Ajayi has urged his boss to do the needful by handing over to him as acting governor. Ajayi, who gave his boss 21 days ultimatum, stated that Akeredolu’s COVID-19 status, which returned positive was an indication that he is incapacitated. 3. Police operatives have arrested Tony Nwizi, Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) in Ebonyi. Nwizi was picked up on the orders of the Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu. 4. An Abuja Court of Appeal sitting has affirmed the election of Yahaya Bello as the Governor of Kogi State. The five-man panel of the court led by Adamu Jauro in a unanimous judgment on Saturday, dismissed four appeals against the polls for lacking in merit. 5. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Rev Yakubu Pam as the Executive Secretary of Nigerian Christian Pilgrims Commission (NCPC). Until his appointment, Rev Pam was the Chairman of the Plateau State Christian Pilgrims Board. 6. The Osun State Governor, Gboyega Oyetola has ordered a total lockdown in four local government areas in the state for one week. The lockdown is expected to commence on Tuesday, July 7, in the named local government areas, Ilesa East, Ilesa West, Atakumosa East, and Atakumosa West for seven days in the first instance. 7. The Lagos State Waterways Authority, LASWA, says the death toll in the Friday’s evening boat mishap near Ikorodu has risen to six, while fourteen victims have been rescued. The General Manager of LASWA, Mr. Oluwadamilola Emmanuel, who disclosed this while providing an update on the incident in an interview with newsmen in Lagos, said the total number of rescued victims of the ill-fated 20-passenger ferry now stands at 14 as against 16 earlier quoted. 8. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Saturday said that the state has discharged 102 Coronavirus patients. Makinde said that the patients were discharged after they received their second negative tests. 9. Former Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar on Sunday reacted to a statement credited to the All Progressives Congress, APC, linking him to cyber-crime, suspect Ramon Abbas popularly known as Hushpuppi. Atiku said it was mischievous to link him to Hushpuppi because of a photograph of both of them together. 10. US rapper Kanye West has joined the race for the 2020 presidential election. The renowned rapper made the announcement via his official Twitter handle on Saturday night.