Following crisis that erupted in the Abia State chapter of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, there are confirmed reports that APGA gubernatorial flag bearer during 2019 general elections in Abia State, Alex Otti, had reportedly moved to dump the party for the All Progressives Congress, APC in the state. This was even as the Abia leadership of the All Progressives Congress-led by its Chairman, Hon. Donatus Nwankpa, had confirmed that talks had been concluded and sealed for Alex Otti’s official defection to the governing party in Nigeria. Nwankpa said, “Yes, talks have been concluded, you can see the avalanche of defections of supporters, Otti’s associates and some APGA members in Abia House of Assembly into the APGA. He has joined us, and we believe he will bring his wealth of experience towards further uplifting the party.” However, Otti explained that the alleged corrupt tendencies currently be witnessing in the party fold, coupled with series of protests by aspirants over extortion of monies by the State and National leadership, had completely doomed and destroyed APGA in Abia. This was made known in a statement by Ferdinand Ekeoma, the Media Assistant to Otti, and made available to newsmen, Wednesday night. Otti, whose prominent supporters and admirers had dumped APGA for APC recently, also advised that except something drastic is done to redeem the party; the forthcoming election in Anambra is already conceded. The foremost economist, further decried the continued campaign of calumny against his person by disgruntled elements in the APGA, urging them to better channel it to the real challenges the party is dealing with. He berated the ugly activities of a factional chairman of APGA in Abia State, Augustine Ehiemere, which he (Otti) claimed was major reason the party lost during 2019 poll, as well as APGA members in Abia Assembly decamping to other political parties. According to the statement by Otti’s media Aide, entitled “Need for the Disgraced Former APGA Leadership to Mourn the Exit of Otti In Peace, which read partly, “the bitterness and frustration being exhibited by the conmen against Otti over his decision to leave the party is understandable, because finding a replacement for such a goldfish is a difficult task, especially when his presence affords them the opportunity to enjoy regular stipends from those who desire to hold Abia down. “The mourning is understandable, but they should mourn honorably. We can assure these feeble minds in APGA that their voyage is doomed because they neither have the support of our people nor the anointing of APGA’s founding fathers whose names were demeaned and desecrated through criminal extortion of innocent party men and women. The energy being dissipated to attack Alex Otti by some minions who were dependent on him should have been better channeled to the real challenges the party is dealing with.”