Betking has donated over N100 million to its agents across Nigeria, to reduce the effect of the coronavirus pandemic on its agent network. In the global sports industry, the impact of the COVID-19 has significantly influenced the closure of sports events, leagues, and the lockdown of businesses. Prior to the recent re-opening of some sporting events, several sports industry related companies experienced cash flow disruptions during the lockdowns. Many are even teetering on the brink of complete shutdown which would affect the livelihoods of their employees and families. In line with BetKings’ values of a family-oriented culture, teamwork and collective engagement, the company created the Kingmakers Care Fund to alleviate the financial pressures faced by its Agent network. Employees, inspired by the organization’s gesture rallied together to make contributions to the fund through their Adopt and Agent Initiative. Initiators of this program consist of Master Agents, Super Agents, and employees from Nigeria, the UK, Malta, South Africa, and Serbia. BetKings’ donations complemented by the Adopt and Agent initiative donations, impacted over 8000 BetKing agents across the country. Following the disbursements, BetKing agents sent testimonials of how the financial donations provided some succor during the challenging period and that it helped others reopen their shops as the lockdown was eased. BetKing agents hire at least 2 people per store, therefore supporting the Agent network is very important. According to Neil Bothma, the Chief Opportunity Officer overseeing the Agent network, “through this initiative, we embodied the Kingmaker spirit of improving the lives of those we encounter, and we are happy to have the opportunity to pour into the lives of our Agents. We know our donation is just a drop in the ocean; every bit helps”. BetKing is the fastest growing betting company in Nigeria with retail operations in all 36 states of Nigeria, including the FCT. BetKing offers up to 30% commission on sales for Agents, alongside huge monthly and weekly bonuses. Visit https://www.betking.com to become an agent.