Diverse reactions have trailed the introduction of 20 new Big Brother Naija, BBNaija housemates. Ebuka Obi-Uchendu, the official host of BBNaija introduced the housemates at the launch of the season five of the reality show themed ‘Lockdown’ The names of ‘Lockdown’ housemates are; Ozor ,Vee, Prince, Lilo, Lucy, Trickytee, Kidd Waya, Dorothy, Praise, Wathoni,Tochi, Katrina, Eric, Erica, Brighto, Kaisha, Neo, TolaniBaj, Laycon and Nengi. Some BBNaija fans have criticized the choice of housemates while others have chosen their favourite housemate. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Katolittle “Looking at these 20 housemates, I can categorically say without fear or favour that none of them deserves my vote! @Danny_Walterr “It’s just so clear that a guy is winning this year, because, good lord.” @Beautric “Guys are hotter than the girls this season. This season eh.” @RealDreylo “Dorothy no need hustle, that her chest don dey pack votes already.” @Bigtrice “The guys will vote and keep Dorothy in the house for as long as they can for obvious reasons.” @Debiygold “I’m not feeling these new housemates. most are Igbo only 1 Yoruba its not making sense.” @Anaga_banner “Dear @BBNaija, This is a public service announcement. Anyday Dorathy is up for eviction, it will definitely be a Wasted slot because we got her back.” @Miztem2 “Why do I feel Nengi is going to be the one guys will fight over this season.. Nengi with the spice. She wants people to know more about her other than her beauty.” @OghenetegaOtobo “The must useless TV program is back on air again. This useless program will so much disengage our youths from thinking straight! APC government will be very happy now because nobody will be attacking their government again.” @African_Bamboo “I think it is laudable that #BBNaija is including openly sexually diverse individuals in the house. This is a new height. It is important they carry themselves with dignity. Not over simplify our existence with unnecessary hits on straight housemates.”