Hon Chinedum Orji, the Speaker of the Abia State House of Assembly, has reacted to calls for his resignation over his recent visit and reconciliation with a former Governor of the State and current Senate Majority Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu. Reports had it that the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Chinedum Orji, had led delegations from his Umuahia hometown and paid solidarity visit to ex-Abia Governor, Senator Kalu at his Abuja residence, over his release from federal prison on alleged financial fraud. Orji was quoted as asking Kalu to return and take his rightful position in the State and further described Kalu as “authentic leader” of Abia State. But, DAILY POST recalls that the Deputy Chief of Staff in the office of the Deputy Governor of Abia State and a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Chief Don Ubani, had demanded the resignation of the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Chinedum Orji, for allegedly pledging allegiance and loyalty to the leader of the opposition All Progressives Congress, APC, in Abia, and current Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu. The purported reconciliation by the duo have continued to generate mixed feelings in the fold of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Abia State, with many PDP leaders describing the development as treacherous. However, the Speaker, Chinedum Orji, in a press release, by his Chief Press Secretary, Jude Chijioke Ndukwe, and made available to newsmen, in Umuahia, the State capital, on Friday, asserted that he does not owe anyone explanation whatsoever, except Governor Okezie Ikpeazu and his colleagues in the House. The release partly stated, “Following the needless uproar generated by self-seeking and self-appointed political lackeys in Abia State over the recent visit of the Speaker of Abia State House of Assembly, Rt Hon Chinedum Enyinnaya Orji, to Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, the Rt Hon Speaker does not and will not, in his usual calm mien, respond to the rantings of political jobbers known to be working for their bosses with vaulting ambitions. “He will not be part of any ploy to irritate him into joining issues with such lackeys to heat up our otherwise peaceful polity as they were nowhere to be found when the fight for Dr Okezie Ikpeazu to be Governor was spearheaded. “Since they are not wise enough to sincerely engage Mr Speaker with a view to finding out what actually transpired at the visit but have chosen to become needlessly belligerent, Mr Speaker does not owe anyone of them any explanation whatsoever, except to the Executive Governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, and his colleagues in the House. He will, therefore, keep ignoring the rants of these political jobbers”.