The United Nations says it has suspended two employees involved in a recent viral sex video in Israel. The video which surfaced online last week, showed the duo having sex on the back seat of a UN official car in Tel Aviv. In the video, a white woman in a red dress was seen straddling a white man in the back seat of the white SUV bearing the “UN” inscription. Reacting, the Secretary-General’s spokesman, Mr. Stephane Dujarric, in a note to UN correspondents in New York on Thursday said both employees had been identified and placed on “Administrative Leave Without Pay” pending the conclusion of ongoing investigation into the allegation. Dujarric also confirmed that the video featured a 4×4 vehicle, containing personnel “likely assigned to the UN Truce Supervision Organisation (UNTSO)” headquartered in Jerusalem. According to him, the investigation was being handled by the UN Office of Internal Oversight Services (OIOS). He said: “Two male international staff members, who were in the UN vehicle in Tel Aviv have been identified as having engaged in misconduct, including conduct of sexual nature. “Given the seriousness of the allegation of failing to observe the standards of conduct expected of international civil servants, the two staff members have been placed on Administrative Leave Without Pay. “This is pending the results and conclusion of the ongoing OIOS investigation. “UNTSO has re-engaged in a robust awareness-raising campaign to remind its personnel of their obligations to the UN Code of Conduct. “The OIOS investigation continues, and we will keep you informed.” NAN reports that the UNTSO is the first-ever peacekeeping mission established by the UN in 1948. The mission comprises military observers to monitor ceasefires, supervise armistice agreements and prevent military escalation. Also, in 2019, the UN had said it received and investigated 175 allegations of sexual exploitation and abuse against its staff. Out of the total, 16 were substantiated, 15 unsubstantiated and all others still being investigated.