The Oyo State Police Command on Thursday promised that it would ensure that culprits behind incessant killings in Akinyele Local Government Area of the state are arrested. Commissioner of Police, Nwachukwu Enwonwu made the declaration during a courtesy call on the executive members of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Oyo State Council in Ibadan, the state capital. Enwonwu who was welcomed to the NUJ Secretariat in Iyaganku by NUJ Chairman, Mr. Ademola Babalola, and other members of his executives, said that the police would work assiduously to apprehend the culprits and maintain a low level of crime in the state. He said, “I am pleased to inform you that the crime rate in Oyo State has been relatively low and we are working assiduously to maintain that low level of crime in Oyo State. “I will not allow any policeman to toil with the fundamental human rights of Oyo people and other citizens resident in Oyo. Under my watch, we will offer quality service delivery. “I don’t want to take complaints against actions of the police reflecting brutality, reckless use of firearms or unprofessional conduct in the course of maintaining law and order in Oyo State”. Enwonwu said that there won’t be any room for infringements on the rights of members of the public, warning his officers and men to be professional in the approach and performance of their duties. He thanked the NUJ chairman and members of his executives for the fair reportage of their activities in the state, describing NUJ in the state as the best in the country. “Virtually all the commands I have been to, the NUJ in Oyo is the best NUJ. I have never lost sleep since I came to Oyo because you have been very fair to us. “I want to use this opportunity to assure you that we are partnering well and we will continue to cooperate with you. Our doors are widely open to deepening this relationship”. Babalola in welcome remarks commended the commissioner for swinging into action on the Akinyele killings immediately he assumed duty in the state, saying the effort had yielded positive results. He said, “We want you to please work assiduously to maintain the level of security that we have in the state. We equally want you to collaborate with us as journalists. “This is a good development. This is the right step in the right direction. We want to assure you that as journalists in this state, we will give you the best of support you can ever think of,” he said