Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Members of the Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) have given a three-week ultimatum to the Federal Government to meet their demands or face their wrath. The National President of NARD, Dr Sokomba Aliyu, during a news conference on Saturday in Abuja, told the Federal Government and the National Assembly to investigate what was responsible for the non-enrollment of health care workers in the group life assurance scheme for medical workers. 2. Three kidnappers were killed in a gun battle and two of their informants arrested early Saturday morning along Lokoja-Okene highway by team of hunters and neighbourhood watch from Okehi and Adavi LGAs of the state. The kidnappers who were planning to stage an attack on innocent citizens that ply the Lokoja-Okene road, met their waterloo when two of their informants were arrested. 3. The 601 repentant terrorists who are being reintegrated into their communities have been given N20,000 stipends and some basic equipment to practise their respective vocations. The Borno State Commissioner for Information, Babakura Jatau, said the funds and the starter packs were given to the repentant terrorists by the North East Development Commission and the International Organisation for Migration. 4. A group of hoodlums led by a man simply identified as Ikeja and some Hausa traders clashed on Saturday in Osun State. A resident of Sabo, Babatunde Ojo, linked the clash to the fallout of an altercation involving a Hausa commercial motorcyclist and a mechanic on Friday. 5. Adeola ‘Phoenix’ Osinuga, the wife of late Nigerian singer Nomoreloss, has died after battling a chronic ailment known as Fibromyalgia. Adeola, a popular media personality, and a formal employee of Rhythm 93.7 FM, Lagos has been suffering from fibromyalgia for almost 4years and have died of the disease. 6. The Abia Police Command has confirmed the arrest by the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), of four suspects in connection with the kidnapping of one Chekwas Daniel in Aba. The suspects are Bright Chinonso, Eze Ernest, Chisom Godwin as well as Chinoyerem Chineye, who plotted and kidnapped the victim in his shop on Tuesday. 7. A former Chairman of Shongom Local Government Area of Gombe State, has been sentenced to 31 years in prison by the Federal High Court in Gombe, after his prosecution by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Gombe zonal office. According to a statement from the EFCC, Adamu, was first arraigned on March 9, 2015 on a seven-count charge bordering on fraud, cheating and money laundering to the tune of N97, 640, 000 (Ninety-Seven Million, Six Hundred and Forty Thousand Naira only). 8. The Federal High Court, Abuja, on Friday, ordered former Minister of Petroleum, Diezani Alison-Madueke, to appear before it and answer to a money laundering charge filed against her by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC). The judge, Ijeoma Ojukwu, gave the order in a ruling on an ex-parte motion marked: FHC/ABJ/CR/208/2018 brought by the EFCC’s lawyer, Faruk Abdallah. 9. The Kwara State Police Commissioner, Mr Kayode Egbetokun, has approved the dismissal of four police officers found guilty of serious offences bothering on indiscipline in the command. Also eight others were awarded other various punishments, while three lucky others were discharged and acquitted after facing orderly room trial. 10. Barcelona legend Xavi Hernandez has announced that he has tested positive for coronavirus. Xavi, 40, who is the manager of Qatari club Al Sadd, is currently asymptomatic and in self-isolation. Hunters gun down three kidnappers, arrest two informants in Kogi Nigerian newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Sunday morning Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Monday morning