The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has denied sponsoring the attack on Gani Audu, the Deputy Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the forthcoming election in Edo State. The PDP, however, said that it was the people of Agbede in Etsako West Local Government Area of Edo State, who protested against Audu, who was their LGA Chairman. According to the PDP, the people of the LGA had since declared the running mate of the APC gubernatorial candidate as a persona non grata in their town “following his poor performance while serving as chairman of the local government area.” The party claimed that it was an action against Pastor Ize-Iyamu’s running mate “for denying them representation at the state House of Assembly after he was duly elected, but refused to present himself to be sworn into office.” In a statement signed by the party’s spokesman in the State, Chris Osa Nehikhare, and made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday, the PDP said the APC woke up on the wrong side of the bed, days after the incident, to accuse it of sponsoring the Agbede protest. “We wish to state that the PDP did not sponsor the protest. For emphasis, we don’t sponsor protests. The claim by APC that the protest was sponsored by our party, the PDP is a figment of their imagination,” the party said. The PDP, now the ruling party in Edo following the defection to PDP by Governor Godwin Obaseki, accused Audu of having performed woefully as a local government chairman. The PDP said the youths of the LGA “must be commended for the courage they displayed in expressing their discontent over Audu’s failings and betrayal of the trust reposed in him by his people who elected him to deliver the dividends of democracy.” “The actions of the youths further give insight into what awaits non-performing elected officials in the near future,” the PDP said. It said the people must be able to benefit from democracy by having food on their table, infrastructure, quality education and improved health care amongst others. “Elected and unelected officials alike must brace up to provide purposeful leadership and this should be addressed by the sinking APC to avert the treatment meted on Gani Audu in Agbede in future,” the statement added.