Controversial Nollywood Actress Tonto Dikeh has called out Kayanmata sellers for selling fake products and deceiving young girls into believing that a man can be hooked with such products. The Nollywood actress and mother of one, took to her Instagram account on Friday to advise young girls against patronizing such products adding that they should focus on working hard to make their own money rather than buying jazz to hold men down. She also accused the Kayanmata sellers of always borrowing dollars from Mallams just to create illusions and draw public attention into assuming the money was made using their products. She said” So many K.sellers in my dm, No No No No No I’m not even trying to ruin your businesses.NEVER!!!!! ”First of all, your Oga madam is my friend. ”I love her and trust me I love her work ethics and her hardworking nature. ”Do I believe in what she sells NO. Do I believe in what any of you sells NO. ”Do I Believe in traditional herbal aphrodisiac, Yes I believe some natural herbs can enhance better sex but no I don’t believe in the other part of this work that looks or feel like jazz ”You see it’s wrong to assume that everything that glitters is gold, I have heard of K.sellers renting Dollars from banks, Aboki(Mallam) just to create an Illusion to draw the public’s attention into assuming the money was made using their products. ”Personally, I think that genius, an extremely smart move and I call that Aggressive publicity(Same thing with a slim girl advertising for fat burner products OR Oyibo advertising bleaching Cream(I’m on this Cream table thou, a man most eat ). ”That is also a very good Marketing strategy but these young girls of today may not know this and they become LAZY. ”I respect every one of you who is a seller but allow me to Educate these young girls who SOLELY depend on you to make it!! ”All I am saying is there is more to life than always plotting to hook a man as opposed to working hard. ”Shoutout to every hard-working woman out there. Let’s keep Learning!! Following Tonto Dike’s advise, a follower who goes by the name chidinma in her comment section accused the actress of using the same products. According to the Lady, Tonto had previously claimed the same product worked for her and she also advertised and asked many of her fans to go patronize them as well. However, Tonto in her defence admitted to being guilty of advertising such products but stated that she was never going to do it again due to the rave it has caused. ”Never ever used it but yes I am guilty of advertising it of which I promised not to ever do again because of the rave it has caused. ”I am sure you know what AD means,” she added.