The Consultant and Representative of Office of the Senior Special Assistants to the President (OSSAP) on SDG, Mr. Joseph Abiolu, has praised Ekiti and scored the State high on the execution of 2018 SDGs-CGS projects in Four Local Government Area of the State. Speaking during the presentation of final project assessment reports in Ado Ekiti, Mr. Abiolu, who led the inspection team over sighting the projects on behalf of the Office of the Senior Special Assistant to the President on SDGs, commended the State on the project quality and specification, scoring Ekiti 93.6 percent in the final assessment. Mr Abiolu further commended the State Government for the turnaround time of delivery, excellent monitoring of implementation process, display of transparency and accountability in the utilization of the funds allocated to various SDGs-CGS projects designed for the year. The Chief of Staff to the Governor and Chairman State Implementation Committee on SDGs, Hon. Biodun Omoleye said the administration of Dr Kayode Fayemi acknowledged the laxity of the previous administrations and moved swiftly to address the gaps, adding that the commitment of the administration to reforming the execution of SDGs projects can readily be attested to by the presence of numerous SDGs projects in the State. He commended the Office of the Senior Special Assistant to the President on SDGs for the honor and consideration given to Ekiti State to benefit from the exercise. “We commend your effort, initiative and encouragement.
What we are seeing today is a model of project delivery. We would want to impress on other development agencies in the state to follow the SDG project delivery template. Ekiti is known for excellence and we will continue to make you proud.” He said. Responding, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Developmental Partnerships/SDGs, Mrs Margaret Fagboyo, appreciated the team for the excellent follow up that resulted in the high standard and timely delivery of the projects. She assured the Consultant of taking forward the various recommendations and closing the gaps before a date is fixed for the official commissioning and handover of the projects to benefitting Local Governments.