The Oyo State Police Command on Monday said it has no hand in the death of a notorious gang leader in Ibadan. Commissioner of Police, Mr. Nwachukwu Enwonwu, made this disclosure in a statement made available to DAILY POST. Our correspondent recalls that one Abiola Ebila, a notorious gang leader who has been terrorizing parts of Ibadan, was killed during a clash between two cult factions in Kudeti area of Ibadan on Sunday. Some online media, however, claimed that some policemen were responsible for the killing of the cult leader. But, Police on Monday said that none of the officers of the Oyo Command was responsible for the killing of the gang leader. Commissioner of Police, Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, while reacting, said Ebila was not killed by the Oyo State Police Command personnel. Enwonwu who said that Ebila had been on the wanted list over the death of one Moshood Oladokun, assured the law-abiding members of the public that Oyo State Police Command is on top of the situation. He used the opportunity to warn all contending interest to desist from any action or be ready to face the wrath of the law. Enwonwu while speaking further urged people of the state to continue to go about their lawful businesses without any fear of molestation. He added that adequate security measures have been put in place to respond promptly to any security threats from any quarters. He maintained that Ebila had evaded the Command’s arrests for three consecutive times before he was killed on Sunday. Enwonwu said, “The attention of the Commissioner of Police, CP Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, PSC, has been drawn to a caption on social media on how Police murdered ‘One Million Boys’ gang leader. “The Commissioner of Police wishes to put the record straight that the ‘One Million Boys’ gang leader, Biola a.k.a Ebila was not killed by the Oyo State Police Command personnel. “He had been on the wanted list of the Oyo State Police Command over the death of one Moshood Oladokun a.k.a Ekugbemi, the leader of a rival cult group in Ibadan who was murdered on 11th April, 2020 at Sokelu village Olunde Area, Ibadan. “The members of the rival armed groups had been unleashing mayhem on innocent members of the public in parts of Ibadan metropolis for several years, attacked, robbed and also inflicted severe bodily injuries on some innocent members of the public. Ebila had evaded Oyo State Police Command’s arrests for three consecutive times before he met his alleged waterloo on Sunday 12th July, 2020.