The President Muhammadu Buhari (PMB) Solidarity Movement, Enugu North Senatorial District Chapter, weekend, expressed displeasure over the imbalance in the spread of federal appointments in the State. The group, which is a political pressure group under the ruling All Progressives Progress (APC), spoke during their zonal meeting held at Nsukka. DAILY POST reports that presently, all the key federal appointments in the State are from Enugu West Senatorial Zone. The PMB group, however, congratulated Senator Ken Nnamani on his appointment as the Leader of South East APC in the recently constituted National Caretaker committee of the party. The Deputy State Coordinator of the group Barr. Ike Maximus Ugwuoke, who is also the Enugu North Zonal Coordinator of the movement, pointed out that the Enugu Chapter of the APC, especially the Enugu North Zone, had not felt the impact of the Buhari administration because of the Party leadership crisis in the State. While reiterating their resolve for peace in the party, Ugwuoke said, “anybody in APC Enugu that is still supporting fractionalization of the party in Enugu at this point is a very mischievous person and should be watched very closely, this is because peace has taken place in Enugu APC.” He commended the Minister of foreign affairs, Mr. Geoffrey Onyeama, and the chairman of the party in the State, Dr. Ben Nwoye for their show of good leadership in the state. The group lamented that “the Enugu North Senatorial Zone has not benefited in the series of the political appointments so far, apart from Major Gen. Eze (Rtd.), who was recently recalled following the appointment of non-career ambassadors by Mr. President.” “We are praying Mr. President, through the Honourable minister and the other relevant stakeholders involved to spread the future appointments to other zones for equity and fairness.” On the affairs in the APC in Enugu North zone, the Publicity Secretary Comrade Ifedioramma Okeme Esq. lamented the highhandedness of some leaders in the zone, which he said had left the party disorganized. He called on the newly constituted National caretaker committee to reconcile the various warring interests in the state chapters of the party down to the ward levels. The group further assured her state leadership under Comrade Adolphus Udeh of their unalloyed support and called on other stakeholders of Enugu North Senatorial Zone to join the peace move and consolidate the party in the state.