One Ubong Okon, suspected to be a member of Iceland confraternity has been shot dead in a clash between Iceland and Debam confraternities in Inen Ikot Eteye, Ikot Inyang and Inen Ikot Owuk villages of OrukAnam local government area of Akwa Ibom State. The Police Public Relations Officer in the State, CSP Frederick N’Nudam who disclosed this in a press statement on Friday added that another suspected cultist, Ememobong Isaiah was allegedly attacked but his whereabouts remain unknown. Nnudam noted that the command in collaboration with the Oruk Anam Division arrested the prime suspect, one Ukandie Okon Udo Ibanga ‘m’ of Inen Ikot Owuk village who has been a wanted person in the Command for armed robbery and murder. He said in another coordinated manhunt for the hoodlums, 19 suspected cultists were arrested and two double-barreled shotguns recovered from them noting that a 70 year old kidnapped victim, Johnson Inyang was rescued. Nnudam who enjoined youths to shun cultism said normalcy has been restored to the affected areas. The Statement reads, “On 19/7/2020 at about 10:00am, the Police Command received an upsetting report of pandemonium occasioned by a cult rivalry between the Iceland and Debam confraternities in Inen Ikot Eteye, Ikot Inyang and Inen Ikot Owuk villages. Following the incident, one Ubong Okon ‘m’, aged 27yrs suspected to be a member of Iceland confraternity was shot dead, while the whereabouts of one Ememobong Isaiah ‘m’, aged 25yrs, a suspected member of Iceland cult group who was allegedly attacked is unknown. “Consequently, the Tactical teams deployed to the area by the Commissioner of Police on 19th July, 2020, operated in collaboration with the Oruk Anam Division and arrested a prime suspect, one Ukandie Okon Udo Ibanga ‘m’ of Inen Ikot Owuk village who has been a wanted person in the Command for armed robbery and murder. Normalcy has since been restored to the affected areas. ‘In another coordinated manhunt for the hoodlums on 22nd July, 2020, nineteen (19) suspected cultists were arrested. Two (2) double-barreled shotguns were recovered from the hideout of the hoodlums. In a related development, one Ita Johnson Inyang ‘m’, aged 70yrs who was allegedly abducted has been found.” He said the Commissioner of Police, CP Imohimi Edgal had reassured the people of Inen Clan of Police constant operation in the area to forestall cultism and urged the people to continue to avail the police with useful information on the hideouts of other suspects.