A family of five who live close to the collapsed three-story building in Nkaliki community in Abakaliki local government area of Ebonyi State, yesterday have revealed how they escaped being buried alive in the rubbles. The father of five, one Mr Christopher Nwokora blamed the collapse of the 3 story building on substandard building material and builders. According to him: “It is God that saved me and my family, a 3 story building near my house collapsed last night by around 10:30pm. It was raining at the time. “We heard a very big noise like a bomb and everywhere went dark. I thank God that no life was lost. Even though my house is very near the collapsed building but it didn’t touch my house. It only destroyed my fence. “They started very well at the ground floor but when they reached the second floor and they started using substandard materials. “It seems they used a professional engineer from the start and at a level, the engineer abandoned the work for them. And the owner started using his own hand to build it. The cement, stones and rods were not mixed very well” he stated. Investigation revealed that the real owner of the affected building lives abroad, but sends money to one of his relations, whose name is yet to be identified at the time of filing this report, to build the house for him. However, the building plan of the affected house was approved in 2014 under the former administration. However, the governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi has suspended the members of Abakaliki Capital Territory Development Board as a result of the collapsed building. A statement signed and forwarded to DAILY POST by the SSG, Kenneth Ugbala, said the suspension is with immediate effect. “The indefinite suspension is a result of their failure to supervise buildings within the Capital City which led to the collapse of three (3) Story building along Nkaliki road in Abakaliki Local Government Area. “The office of the Secretary to the State Government will announce a new task force on building approval, construction and supervision. The task force shall be responsible for building approvals, construction and supervision of all sites within the capital city. “The suspended members of Abakaliki Capital Territory Development Board are further directed to hand over government property in their possession to S.A to Governor on Capital City” he stated