The Governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun has announced that worship centers and schools would remain closed for another two weeks in the state. In a statement made available to newsmen on Friday night by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, Abiodun said available data and opinions of experts continue to indicate that the fight against the virus is far from being won. He disclosed that an Ogun border Local Government is one of those with the highest number of cases in the country because of the level of testing. “This high level of prevalence may also be obtainable in other Local Governments as we ramp up testing. All this emphasises the need for us to exercise a high level of restraint as the State can neither afford more fatalities nor allow the rate of sickness to outnumber the capacity to manage the sick. “Consequently, we are extending our current Phase of eased restrictions for another two weeks. As usual, we will continuously review and modify the guidelines in response to data from the field and expert opinions.” While speaking on the Federal Government’s decision to lift the ban on interstate travels, the governor added that “the State will monitor this development to determine its impact on the COVID-19 situation and will not hesitate to make appropriate adjustments, in consultation with the federal government.” He proceeded to say that, “Schools are to remain shut. A committee has been set up to engage all stakeholders – public and private school owners – and develop guidelines for a safe reopening of our schools, especially to allow certificate classes to resume and write their examinations.” The government reiterates that the following restrictions will remain in place: “All 5 working days in the week (Monday to Friday) are still open for businesses and other economic transactions with only Saturday and Sunday as lockdown days; “Commercial activities are not permitted on weekends; “Churches and mosques activities will remain closed,” the statement reads in part.