A total of 20,000 people to be recruited from the 20 local government areas of Bauchi State as part of the 774,000 jobs to be created by the Federal Government are to receive a stipend of N20,000 each for a period of three months. This was disclosed by the chairman of the state selection committee on the scheme, Mr. Sanusi Kunde, at the inaugural meeting of the committee held in Bauchi. Kunde informed that 1,000 persons would be recruited in each of the 20 LGAs of the state. He added that the committee is required to include 200 literate persons in every LGA that would be used to carry out nationwide surveys during the period of engagement. By this, according to the committee chairman, only 800 unskilled persons will be selected to join the 200 literate persons to make up the 1,000 persons per local government area. “This programme as graciously approved by President Muhammadu Buhari is aimed at recruiting 1,000 itinerant and unskilled workers each in all the 20 LGAs of the state. “In total, we shall be recruiting 20,000 persons for this programme and based on the requests the Ministry of Labour received from other government agencies, we are required to include 200 literate persons. “By extension, we are going to have 800 of unskilled labour, then we will fill it up with 200 literate persons. You are aware that almost all of us have graduates who are not working and this will help a lot. “These recruits would be engaged by the Federal Government between October and December this year to carry out public works that are peculiar to each local government area and they would be paid a total of N60,000 each, that is N20,000 per month,” Kunde said. According to him, those recruited for the scheme will be engaged in roads maintenance and social housing construction projects, urban and rural sanitation, health extension and other critical services as required by each of the local government areas. Kunde informed that 40 persons each per local government have been reserved for state governors, including Bauchi State governor, Senator Bala Mohammed. He added that senators get 30 persons each from the local government areas in the senatorial districts, while principal officers of the Senate will get 40 slots per local government in his district. “Governors get 40 persons each from all the LGAs in the states. “Senators get 30 persons each from only the LGAs in the senatorial district that the senator represents. If a principal officer of the National Assembly comes from your state, he gets 40 slots in all the LGAs within his district,” Kunde informed. The committee chairman urged members to adhere strictly to guidelines given to them with a view to enabling them achieve the targets set by President Buhari to reach out to 774,000 Nigerians.