Nigerians on Monday reacted to the drama which ensued at the ongoing investigation into the alleged fraudulent activities in the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) DAILY POST had reported that during the public hearing at the National Assembly, the Acting Managing Director of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), Kemebradikumo Pondei slumped while taking questions from the members of the committee. He had appeared alongside the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio on Monday. Pondei who had walked out on the committee last week was been grilled by the committee led by Thomas Ereyitomi. Reacting, Nigerians on social media queried why government officials under probe for corruption mostly faint when grilled. Others prayed for Pondei’s quick recovery to allow for continuation of the probe. Here are some comments curated by DAILY POST: @Tosinolugbebga, “When they were embezzling billions on Naira meant for the development of Niger Delta, they didn’t slump.Now they are asking them to provide answers to why they stole the money, they are faking slumping/fainting. 1.3 billion stolen in the name of palliative #NDDCProbe.” @Onyebuchind, “Fainting on National TV and coming in stretchers to court to avoid prosecution. This thing has to stop in Nigeria.
#NDDCProbe.” @Mapur_ebenezer, “When stealing the NDDC money, the Ag MD of NDDC did not slump ooo, but suddenly slumped during probe; bunch of liars. @_starbiola, “The ACTING MD OF NDDC reminds me of Fayose whose neck got broken by tear gas. Omo, this country is a pure cruise #NDDCProbe.” @Godfirsttime, “See drama. You don still money finish come de claim fainting… Billions of Naira, These men just de take us play for this country, I swear. Shame on you people. #NDDCProbe.” @boborimik, “It’s only those that wait on the Lord that will walk and not faint not when you embezzle money meant for NDDC and well meaning Nigerians. You will faint.” @ty4real11, “Naija no go kill person. I was just watching House of Reps questioning NDDC boss over allegations of fraud, this man could not defend himself. He saw that the questions were too much; na so this man just collapsed on Live broadcast.” @skophiden, “God should please save NDDC Acting MD, Prof. Daniel Pondei, to continue proper questioning for misappropriating billions of naira. Because those figures are huge.” @man_like_wike, “Just “Acting MD” for 5 months and you’ve made it a Professional Acting Career already.This man is a Pro!!! #NDDCProbe.” @particular6, “NDDC MD, Mr Pondei slumps during interrogations based on financial mismanagement!!! Revive him and bring him back . There’ll be no peace for corrupt officials. #NDDCProbe.” @Nwafresh, “This is the question that resulted to that Oscar award-winning scene. “The scholarship money for students abroad for 2019 is yet to be paid, and we’re in July 2020. Since the budget for 2019 has expired, where is he going to get the money to pay those students”? #NDDCProbe.”