The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has described the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, as the headquarters of corruption. The PDP, while exposing APC’s alleged plot to stall corruption probes, further said the ruling party was the dockyard of thieves, treasury looters, and oppressive cabal who have stolen the nation dry. The PDP was responding to an earlier claim that it (PDP) turned the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, into an ATM. The APC) had also declared that the main opposition party was jittery over the ongoing probe of the NDDC, while hailing President Muhammadu Buhari for ordering a forensic audit. APC accused the PDP of doing everything to sabotage and frustrate the audits. But in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, shared on Twitter, the PDP said the stench of corruption oozing out of the Buhari administration had further confirmed that APC’s attack betrayed the ruling party’s desperation to shield its corrupt leaders and office holders who have been implicated in the probe. The PDP also said that the attempt by the APC to accuse it (PDP) over the collapse of the acting NDDC Managing Director, Daniel Pondei, at the National Assembly, apparently under the weight and shame of the massive corruption in APC administration, further exposed APC’s misery. “Under this administration, no government agency is safe from the pillaging fingers of the APC. The @OfficialAPCNg and its administration is a huge labyrinth of corruption where APC leaders, cabinet ministers, heads of agencies and departments, presidential aides, anti-corruption agencies and even @OfficialAPCNg federal lawmakers are all entangled in sharp practices,” the PDP said. “The disgraceful and scandalous appeal of ‘Hon Minister, off your microphone’ situation at the NASS sums it all. our party challenges the APC to find its voice and speak out on the litany of evidence in the public space, showing how its leaders have been stealing billions of naira from the NDDC fund while people of the region wallow in abject poverty and despondency. “It is imperative to state that the @OfficialAPCNg must address the new peel of its labyrinth of corruption at the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) where their leaders and cronies have been fingered in alleged involvement of looting of about N4.448 billion through underhand contracts. “Nigerians are already in the know of how @OfficialAPCNg leaders reportedly siphoned N40 billion from the Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS), part of which was allegedly used to finance APC’s 2019 campaigns in a racket in which certain top @OfficialAPCNg leaders were alleged to have received N3 billion each. “This is in addition to exposed looting of the N33 billion NEMA fund, as well as findings by the House of Representatives that the funds were never used for provision of emergency food for victims of insurgency in the Northeast among other items as claimed. “The @OfficialAPCNg has also remained silent over the allegations that part of the looted funds discovered in the @officialEFCC probe, was given to a very top official of the APC administration. “Nigerians have also not forgotten the alleged malfeasance in the @OfficialAPCNg-led ministry of finance and that of humanitarian affairs where billions of naira meant for palliatives and other essentials to mitigate the hardship occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic was allegedly stolen. “The public is also aware of the leaked @NNPCgroup memo detailing how @OfficialAPCNg leaders stole a whooping N9.6 trillion ($25billion dollars) through underhand contracts; the siphoning of N18 billion out of the N48 billion meant for the rebuilding of six northeast states ravaged by insurgency as well as the looting of N25 billion from the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS), among others. “We know that the @OfficialAPCNg leaders are now having sleepless nights. However, pointing accusing fingers at others, destroying evidence, resorting to antics at the @nassnigeria as well as threats, intimidation and attempts to silence vital witnesses will not help the @OfficialAPCNg as the headquarters of corruption,” the party said.