Residents of Hope Estate in Okota area of Lagos State have called on the state and local governments to come to their aid as they battle flooding any time it rains. According to the chairman of the estate, High Chief Lynus Okafor, who spoke to DAILY POST, the flooding challenge faced by the community was caused primarily by the neighbouring estate and the companies around who failed to construct drainages on their properties thereby blocking the outflow of water from the estate. He stressed that their reluctance to construct drains has been frustrating individual and collective efforts of the residents to contain the flood in the swampy area. He added that the problem was worsened by a few landowners in the estate who are yet to develop their lands, making it difficult for the community to construct drains. According to Okafor: “Since we made the complaints nothing has been done and the situation of things have become more worrisome here, especially since the rain began. Snakes disturb us here and most of the people have had to raise their houses above ground level to avoid rain sacking them from their apartments.” Another resident, Chief Simeon Udoagwa, lamented that the efforts of the few residents of the estate were being frustrated by the companies located at the entrance of the estate who channel their water into the estate without making provision for drainage. He also confirmed that their neighbouring estate has blocked the free flow of water at its own end, causing stagnant water in their own estate which eventually turns to flood. “The usual experience whenever rain falls and even days after is barbaric. The situation is beyond us. As residents, we ensure there are drainages at the front of our houses and on several occasions, we sandfill our areas. As a matter of urgency and also to avert future disaster, we need governments’ intervention to complement our efforts.” Meanwhile, the councillor representing Okota Ward in Isolo Local Council Development Area (LCDA) under which the community is, Hon. Kanayo Osondu, said the local council government would look into the situation and that necessary action would be taken as he promised to table the issue before the local council chairman.