Ekwulobia community in Aguata council area of Anambra State, Wednesday morning protested against the General Overseer of Kings Embassy Church, Reverend Dr Emeka Ezike and two others- a traditional chief, Sir Ignatius Ezike (Ochudo) and a title holder in the community, Mr John Ilo Okafor for allegedly diverting COVID-19 palliative meant for the community. The food items meant for the community and provided by the state government were said to have been cornered by Rev Dr Ezike who is a factional President General of the Community and his allies. Over 500 members of the community on Tuesday trooped out in protest, holding a procession to the homes of the Ezikes and Okafor to register their grievances on their meddlesomeness in the affairs of the village. Placards wielded by the protesters described Ezike and his colleagues as enemies of the village, urging them to ensure the bags of rice from Obiano’s first and second palliatives for the village were returned within one month to the village hall for distribution or they face the wrath of the villagers. Chairman Agba village Development Union (ADU), Mr Bethran Uchechukwu Okoli, who spoke during the protest said, “We will place palm fronds in front of their three houses, worship places, or offices as a way to register our grievances and mandate them to within one month return the bags of rice and other benefits the village have from Anambra State government as we have not elected any of them as our leaders. “They must stop meddling in the affairs of our village. We appeal to the three to see reasons to rescind their stand on continual meddlesomeness in the affairs of the village as it is not worthy of their standing in the society as such acts appear belittling.” But reacting to the allegations, Ezike, one of those accused, denied diverting food materials meant for the community by government. Ezike who almost shed tears while speaking to DAILY POST said, “They are trying to damage my reputation. I will ensure I deal decisively with the Chairman of Agba village and others for bringing my reputation to the mud. “I wonder why I should be accused of confiscating their rice when I am not the Village factional chairman, Igwe, or President General, or even an Ichie. I am worried about these allegations.” General Overseer, Kings Embassy Church Agba, Rev Dr Emeka Ezike, however, accepted taking bags of rice from the state government. He insisted that he is a government recognized President General of the Ekwulobia community, known as Ekwulobia Development Union, and that the Ekwulobia Peoples Assembly has since seized to exist because of lack of government backing. He wondered why government should give him palliatives for his people and he would take it to those who disowned him publicly last December after passing a vote of no confidence on the traditional ruler.