A 30-year-old fraudster identified as Gabriel Adekola Oluokun has been sentenced to 20- year imprisonment in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. DAILY POST gathered on Friday that Oluokun was sentenced to 20 years imprisonment by Justice Joyce Abdulmalik of the Federal High Court, Ibadan, Oyo State for defrauding a Taiwanese to the tune of $22,300 (Twenty-Two Thousand, Three Hundred United States Dollars). The accused was prosecuted by the Ibadan Zonal Office of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, on a six-count amended charge of obtaining money by false pretence for which he was found guilty and convicted. It was learnt that Oluokun’s journey to prison started when the commission received a petition from one Nduka Lucious in which he alleged that the convict collected the sum of $22,300 from him in three instalments on the agreement that he will supply 100 metric tonnes of sesame seeds to one Victoria Xhung, a China-based Taiwanese businesswoman, whom the petitioner represents in Nigeria. It was gathered that when Oluokun failed to deliver, he converted the sum to his personal use. Oluokun was arraigned on April 6, 2018, on a six-count charge of obtaining money by false pretences to which he pleaded not guilty and was re-arraigned on June 15, 2020, on a six-count amended charge for the same offence, for which he was convicted on Thursday. Justice Abdumalik has, however, sentenced the accused to 20-years imprisonment. The judge also ordered the defendant to forfeited his Toyota Corolla saloon car to the Federal government. Abdulmalik after reviewing the arguments of both the prosecution and defence teams, convicted the defendant on counts one to four of the charges, which contravene Section 1(1)(a) of the Advance Fee Fraud and Other Related Offences Act, 2006, sentencing him to five years on each of the four counts, which are to run concurrently and discharged and acquitted him on counts five and six. Aside from the prison term, the convict is to restitute his victim, the sum of $22,300, with the caveat that the jail term will be extended by additional two years if he fails to make the repayment.