The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Saturday, threatened to recall its member and the current lawmaker representing Arochukwu/Ohafia constituency of Abia State in the House of Representatives, Hon Uko Nkole, over alleged anti-party activities. The party accused Representative Nkole of conniving with the opposition to cause division in the PDP fold, positing that his actions amounted to treachery and grievous sabotage for a PDP member to work against the interest of the party. PDP further alleged that the Abia lawmaker openly worked against the candidate of the party(PDP), in the 2019 Abia North senatorial poll, and described him as an APC mole. Rising from an enlarged Stakeholders meeting of PDP Arochukwu LGA chapter of Abia State, held in Umuahia, on Saturday, the party also announced a total withdrawal of its support from the federal lawmaker. However, while briefing newsmen on the outcome of the meeting which was attended by leaders from all five clans in Arochukwu LGA, ex-Chief Whip of Arochukwu Legislative Council, Hon. Cletus Nwankwo, vowed that the party leadership would take legitimate action against Nkole if he fails to sit up, adding that the constituents were tired of what he described as “deaf and dumb representation”. He maintained that the legislator was not doing enough to improve on the living standards of the people, saying that the latter has not attracted any meaningful project to the constituency since his five-year sojourn at the green chamber. His words, “Instead of attracting projects like his predecessors he is busy causing divisions in Arochukwu including his own Abam community. Let him tell us any single motion or bill he has sponsored since he went to Abuja five years ago. He is always absent from sittings at the House while his colleagues are making meaningful contributions. “We are ashamed of him because he’s the dullest of all lawmakers that have represented our constituency. Instead of helping to build a virile PDP family in Arochukwu, Nkole was busy hobnobbing with APC in alleged desperation to actualise his wishful governorship quest. “When the National Emergency Management Agency, NEMA, donated relief materials to Isu community, Nkole during a presentation of the items never consulted with any PDP member in the council. He didn’t even have the courtesy of informing any government appointee from the council but on his entourage were prominent APC leaders. There was no representation of the PDP in Abia. That left us with doubts over his claims of being a PDP member”. When contacted, Rep Uko Nkole, on Saturday, dismissed the stakeholders’ meeting as a gathering of clouds without rain. He said, “I’m the highest political office holder in Arochukwu and I wasn’t in the meeting. How then do you call it stakeholders? Did you see the chairman of the party there? Was it at the party office? If people gathered in one man’s house and held a meeting how do you call it stakeholders?”