The Osun State Government has ordered teachers in the state to resume on Tuesday, August 4, while final year students to resume on Thursday, August 6. The West Africa School Certificate Examinations (WAEC) are expected to commence on August 17. The Commissioner for Information and Civic Orientation, Funke Egbemode, announced the guidelines for the partial reopening of schools to students for final year students on Monday after the virtual State Executive Council meeting. Egbemode, while outlining the details of the partial reopening, said a total of 188 schools consisting 13,177 students, will reopen under this arrangement. Highlighting the protocols expected for successful management of the process, Egbemode said: “Parents are expected to provide face masks/nose covers for their children or wards, while Principals and Proprietors of Schools are expected to ensure a tidy environment with desks arranged at least two meters apart. This social distancing shall be ensured by Class Wardens. “The Ministry of Education shall provide buckets, soap, hand sanitizers, thermometer and also fumigate all schools. The Ministry of Health shall also provide Vitamin C tablets for students. NCDC or the Ministry of Health should be alerted in case of any sign of infection in any of the schools”, she stated. Part of the decision was to afford students a two-week preparatory period for the West African Examination Council (WAEC), which commences August 17, 2020. Speaking further on the scope of the reopening, Egbemode said that this reopening will not include schools that have opted to take the National Examination Council (NECO). Egbemode said the council also resolved that “School owners and invigilators with suspended sentences of examination malpractice, are at risk of summary dismissal in the event of any new infractions during this year’s examinations”. She disclosed that the unanimous decision was reached at a virtual consultative meeting between the Federal Ministry of Education, Honourable Commissioners of Education of the 36 States, the Nigerian Union of Teachers (NUT), the Proprietors of Private Schools and Chief Executives of examination bodies.