The Ekiti State Government has promised to always abide by traditions and extant laws in the selection and enthronement of candidates to fill royal stools in its communities. The Deputy Governor, Otunba Bisi Egbeyemi, who disclosed this on Monday while playing host to the new Oore of Otun Ekiti, Oba Adekunle Adeagbo, said transparency and truthfulness in the choice of monarchs would engender peace and tranquillity in their domains. Egbeyemi revealed that a prominent All Progressives Congress (APC) Chieftain was among the contestants for the Oore throne but the state government did not use its powers to impose the party man as a monarch or politicise the process. According to a statement by the Special Assistant (Media) to the Deputy Governor, Odunayo Ogunmola, Oba Adeagbo was on a visit to thank the state government for the peaceful and transparent process which led to his enthronement as the Oore. Egbeyemi said the administration of Governor Kayode Fayemi deserved commendation for sticking to the principles of due process, adherence to Chief Law and allowing the kingmakers to choose a monarch in line with the tradition of the town. He stressed that the Fayemi led government does not appoint anyone as Oba but approved the appointment of names submitted by the kingmakers in consonance with the extant State Chieftaincy laws and customs of the town. The Deputy Governor promised that the state government would be truthful, transparent and unbiased and follow due process in the approval, appointment and enthronement of candidates to fill vacant royal stools to ensure community development and engagement. He called on Ekiti indigenes to come home and establish factories and industries in the state, saying that Ekiti was blessed with a large expanse of land for economic investments. The Oore of Otun Ekiti, Oba Adekunle Adeagbo said the purpose of the visit was to thank the state government for ensuring the successful transition of a new royal stool in Otun Ekiti. He also thanked the state government for tangible projects sited in the area and assured the Fayemi led government of the support of Moba people. Oba Adeagbo informed the Deputy Governor of his 6-point Agenda for Otun Ekiti to include, education, promotion and development of archives and heritage, youth empowerment and connection of indigenes in Diaspora with those of the local area. The Oore promised to use his position to ensure the development of the town and to galvanise indigenes and non-indigenes to come and invest in a bid to generate jobs for the youths.