Elders of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Abia State, have called for peace among members of the party in the State. The elders sued for peace in a statement signed by frontline politicians in the state in the persons of Senator Theodore A Orji, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, Senator Adolphus Wabara, Hon. Acho Nwakanma and Ugochukwu and made available to DAILY POST on Saturday. They said they were prompted by the recent acrimonious public debates between members and segment of the ruling party in the State. According to the statement, elders and members of Board of Trustees, BoT and National Executive Council, NEC, of the PDP from the State met during the week and reviewed issues with a view to finding ways to calm tempers. They said during the meeting, it was acknowledged that the unfortunate quarrels had arisen in part, because of the unavoidable absence of the leader of the Party and the state, Governor Okezie Victor Ikpeazu. Recall that Governor Ikpeazu had just recovered from COVID-19 after spending some weeks receiving treatment for the infection. “After reviewing the various exchanges, we came to the conclusion that the quarrels were unnecessary, and we’re probably instigated by agents provocateurs to undermine the unity in the party for their own purposes,” the statement said. “We deprecate the bitter public exchanges that sought to incite divisions within our party, our government and our state. We are certain that those unfortunate exchanges do not represent the true situation in our party which is united in solidarity with our Governor, Dr Okezie Victor Ikpeazu.,” the added. The elders, therefore, called on all parties involved to ceasefire immediately, adding that whatever problem anyone has can be addressed within the protocols of the party, instead of in public debates that presents the party in a negative light. “Our attention was also drawn to a simmering discontent in some quarters over the outcome of the recently concluded Party local government congresses in the state, resulting in one or two court cases. We appeal to all litigants to withdraw all court cases and seek redress through the internal party mechanism which we are sure is adequate in resolving all disputes. “We note with appreciation the gallant effort being made by our government to control the spread of the corona plague in our state. We thank members of the task force, the medical teams and all those working in the frontline to defend our people from the evil virus. We urge all our citizens to adhere to the outlined protocols and stay safe so that we all can see the end of the plague together,” the elders added.