A Special task force set up by the Kano State Government has identified over 10,000 Illegal Corner Shops that would be demolished as a six months ultimatum given to the owners expired. The government set up the task force committee to deal with illegal roadside shop operators across the state metropolis. The committee was headed by Baffa Babba Dan’agundi, the Managing Director, Kano Road Traffic Agency (KAROTA) and has representatives from DSS, Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and Refuse Management and Sanitation Board (REMASAB), among others. Addressing journalists on Thursday immediately after inspecting some designated markets in the city, Dan’agundi lamented that the traders refused to occupy the markets but opted to operate illegally. According to him, the markets, located at Sabuwar Tasha, Ungoggo, Kofar Ruwa and Nassarawa Industrial Area, had been built for over ten years but the traders had refused to operate there. The MD remarked that the markets, with over 5,000 shops combined would have been equipped with amenities and adequate security, lamenting that the traders had deserted them, turning them into a beehive of rodents and criminals. He explained that the state government had given those operating illegally at Sabon Gari market, Singer market, Wapa Ya’nbabura a notice of six months to transfer to those designated markets. Dan’agundi, however, warned that since the notice had elapsed on Wednesday, the government had no choice than to launch operations until it rid the aforementioned markets of illegal structures. “You have seen yourselves. I have conducted you round and saw the markets provided by the state government for over 10 years but these people refused to go back there. “We have now launched the operation and anybody found wanting in flouting this order will be punished accordingly. We have set aside punitive measures,” he warned. Dan’agundi noted that the aim of chasing illegal shop operators is not for personal gain but to decongest the metropolis by allowing for a free flow of traffic and pedestrian movement. He, however, assured that once the traders occupy those designated markets, all amenities would be provided for them in a bid to run their lawful businesses smoothly