The APC Youth Solidarity Network APC-YSF, on Wednesday, berated the Senate for asking the current Service Chiefs to resign due to the spate of insecurity in the country. PC-YSF said the call by the senate was senseless and shadow-chasing. Addressing newsmen in Abuja, leader of the group, Danesi Momoh said the call by the senate was an indication that lawmakers are no longer in support of President Muhammadu Buhari’s fight against insecurity in the Northeast. According to Momoh: The resolution made by the Senate following the motion moved by Senator Ali Ndume, is a clear indication that the lawmakers and other stakeholders in the Northeast and Northwest have declined the necessary support to President Muhammadu Buhari and Service Chiefs in the fight against Boko Haram/ISWAP, armed banditry, kidnapping and other crimes bedevilling some parts of the country. Momoh urged the National Assembly to focus on making laws and desist from “the excitement of interfering with the lawfully defined responsibilities of the executive arm of government.” He, however, commended the current Service Chiefs over the continued fight against insurgents in the Northeast. According to Momoh: “It is necessitated by the imperative to publicly caution the Nigerian Senate on the persistent and organized campaigns by the national parliament, against the Service Chiefs and President Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR, evident in the frivolous and vexatious resolutions calling for the resignation of the current Security Chiefs. “We find the resolution of the Senate ludicrous, senseless, shadow-chasing, embarrassing and incongruent with the reality of the issue of Service Chiefs who are doing their best to curb the resurgent spate of insecurities in some parts the country. There is every reason to frown at this baseless inclination of the Senate. “But it constitutes a slap on the face to call for their resignation or sack and a glaring attempt to overheat the polity. “The National Assembly is hereby advised to concentrate on its constitutional duties and desist from the excitement of interfering with the lawfully defined responsibilities of the Executive arm of government.”