The battle for the soul of the Ekiti State Chapter of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) has taken a dramatic dimension with some members caught in the web of oath-taking to remain loyal to former Governor Ayo Fayose. A video in which PDP chieftains and members in Ijero Local Government Area were swearing to a covenant and cursing themselves that they would die if they betray Fayose has gone viral on social media platforms. A source revealed that the exercise was scheduled to take place in all the 16 local government areas in the state in a bid to keep Fayose’s supporters from defecting to other camps within and outside the party. The footage of the secret oath-taking session has sparked debates among PDP members, members of other political parties and other observers on various social media platforms like Facebook and WhatsApp since it went viral early on Monday. The control of the state PDP structure has become a war of attrition between Fayose and Senator Biodun Olujimi, who is representing Ekiti South in the upper chamber of the National Assembly. DAILY POST gathered that supporters of the two leading politicians have been throwing verbal jabs at each other on Facebook and various WhatsApp platforms on the viral video. It was not confirmed as at press time whether party members seen in the footage took the oath under duress or on their own volition. According to the video studied by our reporter, each party member would stand up, mentioned his name and swore that he or she would be buried in the ground if he or she betrays Fayose. Although the PDP members who were cursing themselves in the course of swearing to the oath did not mention Fayose’s name personally, they merely referred to him by his political nickname of “Oshoko.” The oath, in the footage, was administered by a party chieftain whose face was not seen in the video who was calling party members one by one to swear to be loyal to Fayose or die suddenly. The oath taken in Yoruba is translated thus: “I…..(the name of the swearer), I hereby swear that am wholeheartedly loyal to Oshoko, I also swear that I should die and be buried in the ground if I ever betray Oshoko.” Reacting to the alleged oath-taking video, Fayose who spoke through his media aide, Mr Lere Olayinka have denied the video. “Did you see Fayose in that video? Did you see any object like the Bible, Quran, iron, if no, how does that amount to oath-taking? “When people gathered to express their allegiance to their leader, how does that amount to oath-taking. I can tell you that the video was not leaked, it was released by one of the people there. If they have done something wrong, would they have released it? “We saw the picture of Chris Ngige in Okija shrine, did you see those people in the shrine performing ritual. There are more important issues in the country than what happened at Ijero Local Government.” #EkitiUpdate
BREAKING [VIDEO]: Drama As @GovAyoFayose Coaxed @OfficialPDPNig Members Into Sinister Oaths Contained in a video attached to this tweet shows some notable members of the Ekiti state chapter of Peoples Democratic party in the Ijero LGA of the state, were seen, pic.twitter.com/b9Ynt9ZwhR — Ekiti Progress Update (@Ekitiupdate) July 20, 2020