Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, has expressed sadness over the death of the State Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Chief Johnson Onuigbo. DAILY POST recalls that Johnson Onuigbo passed away on Monday evening. A family source, who pleaded anonymity during a chat with newsmen, could not give further details as to the cause of the sudden demise of the Abia State PDP chairman. However, reacting in a press release made available to newsmen, in Umuahia, on Wednesday, Governor Ikpeazu, described the Late Onuigbo, as a close personal friend and long-standing political associate. Ikpeazu said he was deeply saddened by his death, describing the incident as a major setback in the political development of the State. The release stated, “The Governor recalls with sad nostalgia, the hard work and passion shown by Late Chief Onuigbo in the administration of the ruling party in the State. In particular, the Governor recalls the efforts of the Late Chief Johnson Onuigbo, in the 2019 elections that ensured his electoral victory and those of a majority of the members of the party. It will be correct to say that he was one of the major architects of our electoral victory in 2019. “Chief Onuigbo had a peculiar pattern of administration which was a direct consequence of the warm personal relationships he built over the years with a cross-section of the Abia populace and which ultimately rubbed off on how he ran the party producing solid victories and stability within the party. “Beyond politics, Chief Johnson Onuigbo was a close personal friend of mine for many years and this relationship was one of the major reasons for the seamless and cordial relations between my administration and the party”. The Governor further described him as a man of principle and integrity who insisted that internal democracy must be institutionalized in the party. He said, “In all areas where he was privileged to serve our people, from the Chairmanship of Umuahia North LGA to the Abia Central Zonal Chairmanship and as State Chairman of our party, Chief Onuigbo exhibited uncommon passion and dedication. “My family and I, join the teeming members of our party and indeed the entire state to mourn the passage of this great man and iconic politician, and to pray the good Lord to grant his wife, family and the people of Ibeku Kingdom the fortitude to bear this very painful loss. “Abia State has lost one of her most outstanding and most committed political leaders. Akinboard, as fondly called by his friends and political allies, will be surely be missed, “the Governor added.