Photo caption: The Director, Central Africa, Ariston Thermo Group, Mr. Gaurav Bisaria; the Warehouse Manager-Medical, Lagos State COVID -19 Response Team, Mr. Jide Razack and the Marketing Manager, Central Africa, Ariston Thermo Group, Solomon Umoh during the donation of Water Heaters to Lagos State Government in support of the Lagos State Government COVID -19 Team recently in Lagos. Lagos, Nigeria. Friday, June 19, 2020. In line with its global effort to support government response across the globe in managing the COVID-19 pandemic, Ariston Thermo Heating Technology Nigeria Limited, member of the Ariston Thermo Group, makers of Ariston Water Heater – global leader in thermal comfort solutions for domestic, commercial and industrial spaces has donated 600-Litres Capacity Water Heaters to support the efforts of the Lagos State Government in containing the global pandemic. The donation which includes 4 units of 100-litres water heater units and 1 unit of 200-litres water heater unit manufactured in state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities in Europe would be installed at designated COVID-19 Treatment Centres across the state. The donation, was announced in a letter addressed to the Lagos State COVID-19 Response Team through the Honourable Commissioner for Health, Lagos State, Professor Akin Abayomi and signed by the Company’s Director, Central Africa, Mr. Gaurav Bisaria. Bisaria disclosed that the donation was in line with the Group’s effort to support government’s response across the globe in managing the COVID-19 pandemic. “We commend the Lagos State Government under the able leadership of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu for the proactive and effective management of the COVID-19 pandemic in the state so far. We also recognize the fact that the government alone cannot shoulder the burden of the COVID-19 pandemic. This is why Ariston Thermo Heating Technology Nigeria Limited would like to support the effort of the state government with the donation and installation of some units of our Ariston Water Heaters at the Treatment centres. “These water heaters are to ensure the constant availability of the much-needed hot water for bathing and other usage at the treatment centres,” Bisaria wrote, explaining that, “the combined 600-litres capacity of the Water Heaters would provide the treatment centres with up to 18,000 litres of hot or warm water for bathing, cleaning, sanitation and laundry, hand-washing and other usage at the treatment centres on a daily basis.” Reacting to the donation on behalf of the Lagos State Government, Director, Healthcare Planning, Research and Statistics, Lagos State Ministry of Health, Dr. Dayo Lajide expressed her delight while appreciating Ariston Thermo Group for their support towards the state’s fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. About Ariston Thermo Group: Ariston Thermo Group which turns 90 years this year, is the global leader in the in thermic comfort solutions for domestic, commercial and industrial spaces. In 1930, the Group accepted the challenge of making the world a more comfortable place while focusing on the environment. Today, the Group renews its commitment by putting energy efficiency at the heart of its sustainable growth strategy.