Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on Sunday night, confirmed 555 new COVID-19 cases, bringing the current tally in the country to 40,532. It said Lagos recorded 156 cases, Kano, 65 and Ogun, 57, among others. 2. Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has declared that he will no longer hide but was now ready to fight back at orchestrated attacks against his person. Magu said he will henceforth reply to all the allegations against him in public, in a statement made available to reporters by Wahab Shittu, Magu’s lawyer on Sunday. 3. Former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, has explained why he left the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). In a letter of resignation addressed to the Bogoro ‘C’ Ward Chairman of the PDP, Dogara cited failure of governance in his home state, Bauchi, under the administration of Governor Bala Mohammed whom he helped install as a governor in 2019. 4. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has declared that the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Governors Godwin Obaseki (Edo) and Nyesom Wike (Rivers) were behind the violence at the Oba of Benin’s palace on Saturday. The party said the destruction of property was “a glimpse into the do or die plot the PDP plans to unleash in the lead up to the September 19 Governorship Election.” 5. The Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, has condemned the silence of some stakeholders over the ongoing genocide in the Christian dominated Southern Kaduna State by armed Fulani herdsmen and armed mercenaries. The group said it was irked that the Sultan of Sokoto, Sa’iad Abubakar Muhammadu, John Cardinal Onaiyekan, the most senior Catholic clergy in Nigeria, Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria, CBCN, and the national leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, were not speaking out in condemnation of the Federal and the Kaduna State governments. 6. Two persons have been confirmed dead while three were seriously injured as a 20-feet container fell on a commercial bus at Ilasamaja on the Oshodi-Badagry Expressway, Lagos. The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency, LASEMA, Director-General, Dr. Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, who confirmed the accident on Sunday to newsmen said the dead bodies and injured persons had been taken to Isolo General Hospital by LASEMA Responder. 7. South-East Governors Forum says compulsory COVID-19 tests will be conducted on teachers before schools in the region reopen. Forum Chairman and Ebonyi Governor, Dave Umahi, who made the disclosure at a media briefing on Sunday, said there were fears for kindergarten and primary school pupils who do not understand what is social distancing. 8. The list containing names of Senators and House of Representatives members involved in the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, contracts has surfaced. The Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Godswill Akpabio submitted the names to the National Assembly committees probing the activities of the commission last Thursday. 9. The Sultan of Sokoto and President-General, Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA), Alhaji Muhammad Sa’ad Abubakar has urged Muslims across the country to observe forthcoming Eld-Kabir festival in line with Coronavirus also known as COVID-19 regulations in their respective states. Abubakar said that in places where restrictions have been lifted from congregational prayers, Muslims should observe their Eid prayers while still taking necessary safety measures regarding personal hygiene, facial masks and social distancing. 10. Former National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Adams Oshiomhole, has said the party’s Edo State governorship candidate, Pastor Ize-Iyamu, will not repeat the mistakes of the incumbent, Godwin Obaseki. Oshiomhole, who stated this in Benin GRA in the State capital, while addressing APC members on Sunday, admitted that he sold “a bad product” to the people in 2016.