Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has told the presidency that the Senate spoke for all Nigerians when it called for the sack of service chiefs on Tuesday. The Senate on Tuesday called for the sack or resignation of Nigeria’s Service Chiefs who have now spent more than four years in the country’s security top positions. The Senate made the resolution following the motion moved by Ali Ndume on Tuesday. But the presidency, through the Senior Special Assistant to President Muhammadu Buhari on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, however, dismissed the call, reiterating that appointment or sack of Service Chiefs was a presidential prerogative, and he will in his capacity as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, do what is in the best interest of the country at all times. Bamgbose said one cannot but applaud the sincere concern of the lawmakers as to the intractable security crisis confronting the nation. He recalled that only last week, the House of Representatives mandated the Committee on Army to look into the 356 soldiers’ resignation, a call he described as highly commendable. “It’s cheering that the Senate has equally stepped in by asking the Service Chiefs to resign or the sacked. This is what democracy and good governance is all about. It’s expected that elected officials should reflect the feelings of people who voted for them,” the senior lawyer said in a statement to DAILY POST on Wednesday. “They are to be responsive to the needs of the electorates who empowered them. We are solidly behind the resolution of the Senate. “The resolution of the Senate came on the heels of the alleged killing of 16 soldiers on Saturday morning by armed bandits and 30 injured in an ambush around Shimfida in Jibia Local Government area of Katsina. “In another sad development, 24 soldiers were ambushed and killed along the Gambua – Maiduguiri Road in Borno State, 19 personnel were wounded and 9 were declared missing in action. “356 soldiers threw in the towel for loss of interest. This is really bad as this might pass a wrong message to the bandits that they are winning the war against our Army. “It’s however very disappointing and very unfortunate that the Presidency, rather than ruminate and digest the Senate resolution, chose to tell grieving Nigerians that only Buhari can appoint, sack the Service Chiefs. “This reaction by the Presidency is not only disappointing but highly discouraging. Could that be the best way to appease Nigerians that have lost their loved ones across the country? “Could that be the best reaction from the Presidency to pacify the families of deceased soldiers? The Presidency should however be reminded, that Nigerians have spoken through their representatives in the National Assembly. “The prerogative to sack the service Chiefs is no doubt, that of the President, but that prerogative must be exercised in favour of the electorates. “It’s never a personal prerogative. Nigerians have spoken. it’s high time for the President to sack the Service Chiefs and that has to be done without any further arguments. “Our patience is exhausted. The Service Chiefs have to go. They are certainly not the best crop to end insurgency and banditry in Nigeria. Just like the Senate said, we need fresh ideas to be injected in the system.”