Some stakeholders from the fold of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Bayelsa State, have warned faceless groups against the unwarranted attacks on Former Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Senator Heineken Lokpobiri over his bid to seek justice and fair play within the party. DAILY POST learned that some groups in the state, suspected to be sponsored by a faction of the APC, had in the last few days embarked on a campaign of calumny in the media, speaking against developmental projects initiated under the administration of Senator Heineken Lokpobiri as Minister. Also mentioned were fetish materials including a pot of sacrifices and white pigeon at the entrance of his residence in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State capital. But Stakeholders from Bayelsa State made up of politicians and peace advocates from the eight local government councils of the State, condemned the sponsored attacks, warning that those behind the attacks will be identified and handed to law enforcement agencies for further prosecution in a competent court of law. The Stakeholders, in a statement issued on Tuesday in Yenagoa and signed by Hon. Sunday Frank Oputu argued that though they would have kept quiet and dismissed the fictitious claims on social media, there was a need to put the record straight and warn those involved to desist or face the law. Frank-Oputu said the false claim made on some projects attracted to the state by the Former Minister is pathetic and shameful as their sponsors have not attracted any to the state. “They claimed that a multimillion naira poultry project initiated by Senator Lokpobiri and located in Ekeremor area was not properly implemented. But their claims showed the desperation by those involved to satisfy their sponsors by dragging the credible name of Senator Lokpobiri into a non-issue.” “Instead of embarking on a journey of foolery, what they should have been asking is how much is the cost of the project? What was the design and scope of the project? What is the name of the contractor? Is it not the procurement dept of the Ministry that awarded the contracts? “Sensible Bayelsa indigenes have also confirmed that there is no such project in Ekeremor Local Government area which is coincidentally the home town of Sen Heineken Lokpobiri. This can be easily verified from the Community leadership or the Principal of the school mentioned.” “We are calling on security agencies in Bayelsa State to take note of these life-threatening actions on social media and around the residence of Senator Heineken Lokpobiri. We call for actions against those making unsubstantiated claims and involved in fake news”.