The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has reacted to the probe of alleged corrupt practices in the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, and the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, describing these probes as confirmation of the genuineness of the war against corruption embarked upon by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. The presidency is currently probing the Acting Chairman of the EFCC, Mr. Ibrahim Magu, while the National Assembly is also currently probing the NDDC. MURIC’s made its position known made in a press release issued to DAILY POST by its Director, Professor Ishaq Akintola on Friday. It pointed out that critics and wailers were initially happy that the suspended acting Chairman of the EFCC was arrested, interrogated and placed under investigation. “Whichever way the cat jumps, the gem of the collection is that the Magu probe adds another feather to the hat of President Muhammadu Buhari as the unparalleled champion of the war against corruption and the unequalled symbol of integrity in the whole African continent,” the statement added. According to MURIC, the President should be commended for at least, allowing the investigation to happen. On the corruption issues surrounding the NDDC, MURIC noted that the Commission fell like a pack of cards during the ongoing probe. “The findings so far are shocking. NDDC has proved to be the epicenter of graft in this country. There is nothing to show for trillions of naira poured into the commission over the years. NDDC is a den of thieves. “MURIC hails President Buhari for allowing these two probes during his administration,” adding that the President has not been fully appreciated by Nigerians. “It was the same when he was military head of state (1983-85). He strove to instil discipline and a culture of transparency but corrupt elements mobilized gullible Nigerians against him at that time. “However, it did not take long before they started wishing that he was back in power. Yet today, the same Nigerians have fallen victims of mass amnesia. “Ex-governors Jolly Nyame and Joshua Dariye, both of the ruling party, are still in jail for corruption. Ngilari has tasted the bitter pill of the war against graft. “The Magu and NDDC probes have also cemented the Federal Government’s sincerity regarding the war against corruption. Those who still doubt Buhari’s sincerity need to get their brains reset in a robot factory. “By the same token, we commend the anti-corruption czar, Ibrahim Magu, for facing the ordeal with manly comportment. Unlike some certificated kleptomaniacs, Magu has refused to faint in the face of a Kilimanjaro-pile of allegations.”