The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Kaduna State chapter, has called on Nigerians to play their roles well by making more sacrifices for the country to get out of the challenge of COVID-19. The association noted that the number of affected persons with the virus is on the increase across the country and called on religious leaders to intensify the preaching and education of followers on the need to obey health measures put in place to curb the spread of the pandemic. Rev. John Joseph Hayab CAN state chairman, in a statement commended the government, both at the state and federal levels, for everything done to stop the spread of COVID-19 in the country. According to the statement, “Our sincere appreciation also goes to the tireless health workers who are on the front line risking themselves for us. CAN sincerely appreciate and we are praying in our places of worship for God to protect you all and give you more wisdom to safeguard our health.” The statement added, “CAN have observed that the number of infected persons is increasing in our state and all over the country. It is in view of these developments that we are again appealing to religious leaders to intensify their preaching and educate followers to obey every health prescriptive measures to curb the spread of the pandemic.” The statement observed that the government and the health workers alone can not do it, stressing that if Nigerians become complacent and allow the virus to spread, it will be disastrous to all Nigerians. It said that no religious leader should be in any denial that the virus is real, adding that faith leaders and worshippers must not abuse the lifting of the lockdown and the freedom but should use it judiciously to preach, sensitize and encourage all faithful to do all the protocols both in the worship centers, at home and anywhere they find themselves. “The war against the COVID-19 is not yet over and nobody should treat this matter with levity. Our prayers will not be complete without obedience to the laydown protocols aimed at safeguarding our health. “Everyone needs to play their own role, patiently making more sacrifices for us to get out of this challenge of COVID-19. Pastors and all Church leaders should be seen doing what is right and leading followers to do the same,” CAN appealed.