The Lagos State House of Assembly has told Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to direct the state Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, to accredit more private hospitals for the treatment of COVID-19 cases. The House also urged the Governor to work with the Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) in the fight against COVID-19. Speaking on the floor of the House in respect of a motion raised by Hon. Hakeem Sokunle (Oshodi/Isolo 1), the Chairman of the Committee on Health on Thursday, the Speaker of the House, Rt. Hon. Mudashiru Obasa noted that it was important that the NMA join hands with the government to reduce the spread of the disease. Obasa said it was important that doctors working with the government should train doctors in private hospitals. “If we leave it to only doctors in government hospitals, the disease would spread further. “It will spread more among people living in crowded houses and they are more than people living in flats and other self-contained buildings. “We need to urge the government to call on the chairmen of local councils to work with CDAs to ensure that people living in crowded houses use face masks as well as those entering buses. “We also need more people to take care of COVID-19 patients. Also, the government should pay the hospitals for the people they are treating,” he said. The House, however, commended the doctors in the state for their efforts and collaboration with the government. The motion read: “The House noted the efforts of the Lagos State Government in the fight against COVID-19 and the creation of seven isolation centres. “The House notes that COVID-19 keeps spreading based on the report that over 11,000 people contracted COVID-19. “We feel that private hospitals with the necessary facilities should be involved in the treatment. “Most of the doctors treating the patients are being paid by the state government. “The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) once warned their members over the treatment of COVID-19 patients. We need to involve private hospitals so that they could support the state government and prevent another lockdown. “If the government involves private doctors and members of the state chapter of NMA, and trains them, it will be easy to handle. “We call on the state Governor, Mr. Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu to call on the state Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi to see how we could work with private hospitals to reduce the spread of COVID-19. Sokunle suggested that the state government come up with a policy to make doctors in public hospitals train those that work in private hospitals who would then be certified. “After that, we should screen the hospitals and validate their equipment, certify them and accredit the hospitals. “Such hospitals can now admit COVID-19 patients. The government has approved seven private laboratories so far on COVID-19,” he added.