President Muhammadu Buhari has reappointed Sir Joseph N. Ari, as the Director-General/Chief Executive of the Industrial Training Fund (ITF). In a statement signed by Suleyol Fred Chagu, Head, Public Affairs unit, and made available to DAILY POST on Friday, Ari expressed appreciation to President Buhari for the reappointment. The DG said that he views the President’s decision as a validation of his efforts during his first tenure and an opportunity for him to consolidate on his achievements. He pledged to put in more efforts towards ensuring the achievement of the Federal Government’s policy agenda especially with regard to job and wealth creation. Ari’s reappointment takes effect from September 26, 2020. The DG also thanked the Minister for Industry, Trade and Investment (FMITI) Otunba Richard Adeniyi Adebayo and the Minister for state of the ministry, Amb. Mariam Yalwaji Katagum for standing by him. The DG promised to use the next four years to expand the ITF and deepen its activities. He said the ITF would fully implement the second Phase of its Reviewed Vision, which was unveiled recently, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and to reposition the ITF to effectively deliver on its Mandate. Through the ITF Reviewed Vision: Strategies for Mandate Actualisation, which he unveiled on assumption, the Fund under Sir Ari trained over 500,000 Nigerians, who are today earning sustainable livelihoods as paid employees, or as entrepreneurs that are employing others. In addition, the Fund established five new Area Offices at Abakiliki in Ebonyi State, Badagry in Lagos State, Owerri in Imo State, Rumuokwuta in Rivers State and Gwagwalada in the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja to expand its services so as to reach out to more Nigerians. It also completed and commissioned six abandoned projects, namely; the Industrial Skills Training Centre (ISTC), Kano Mechatronics Workshop and Administrative Block, the Katsina Area Office Complex with vocational wing, Lagos Island Area Office, Modern Library Complex and Central Stores at the Headquarters, and a block of classrooms at the ITF Staff School, Jos. As part of efforts to address infrastructural deficits, the Fund has equally completed eight additional projects, which are awaiting commissioning. Most of these projects have vocational wings for the equipping of Nigerians with the relevant and requisite skills.