The West African Examinations Council (WAEC) has revealed that the 2020 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE) will now commence on the 4th of August. The Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajuiba, disclosed this on Monday during the briefing by the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 in Abuja. Nwajuiba said that examination for graduating students will now hold from August 4 till 5th September 2020. He further explained that a decision on when the National Examinations Council, NECO, National Business and Technical Examinations Board, NABTEB, will be taken after the WASSCE He said: “From the 4th of August to the 5th of September. Parents, please take note. “As soon as we conclude WAEC we will take up NABTEB and NECO exams. “Last week the chairman of the PTF announced that school facilities will be available for those who want to go into revision classes. ”The idea here is that we have a whole month from now till then (the exam). “Those who can, the states who are willing should make their schools available for their children to revise. “We have done the most we can with our representative at WAEC and it has been confirmed that the date allotted will be from the 4th of August through to the 5th of September. Local timings will be published.” He also stated that the Ministry of Education would be meeting with officials of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, the Nigeria Union of Teachers and other stakeholders. “From tomorrow this is part of what we are taking into our concluding stakeholder meeting with NCDC, Nigeria union of teachers, NUT, and everybody will be at the concluding stakeholders meeting tomorrow and these dates are what we are going to take into the meeting. “We will be asking that those who are not prepared yet should please go and prepare. “We are continuing with registrations for NECO for those who have not concluded registration along those lines, this is the time also to update and get your registration done,” he added.