The trends and occurrences of internal crime by bandits in Nigeria, especially in rural areas, has become a very worrisome issue. Nigeria currently experiences increase in violent internal security challenges which, attempts by the Nigeria Police whose responsibility is to combat internal security challenges based on the Constitution, with support from other law enforcement agents established by law to carry out similar duties in different capacities to contain the heinous act, appear not to be effective. Interestingly, vigilantism is not new to many Nigerians, because they have been very conscious of their environments to the point that they form voluntary security groups to complement government role in securing their lives and properties. But with the continuous increase in internal crime, and lack of security presence in these rural communities, the task of protecting lives and property cannot be accomplished. Therefore, the expectation of citizens from the government to ensure and guarantee their safety seems impossible. From the last World Population Review in July 1, 2020, the United Nations estimated Nigeria’s population to be about 206 million, based on projections of the latest United Nations Data. To buttress my view, the Inspector General of Police (IGP) Mohammed Adamu through DIG Operations, Abdulmajid Ali at the National Assembly decried that the Force cannot cope with the current security challenges, because its strength is about 302,000 personnel (Thisday 2020, February 26). So a simple calculation has a police-to-citizen ratio of 1:682 which exceeds the UN’s recommended figure of 1:350/400. So, it’s obvious that the country is grossly under-policed, and security agencies cannot do the job of protecting lives and properties of the citizenry alone. Hence, they need to institutionalize vigilante group of Nigeria into the security architecture under the strict supervision of the Nigeria Police. This will complement the efforts of security agencies to fight crime through the Community Policing Strategy, noting, however, it can only be achieved with the support of the Federal, State, Local governments as well as Traditional Rulers, Religious Leaders, the various Community Associations, Town Unions and members of the public. Here are some pertinent features of the vigilante group that puts them in a good position; their members are never transferred from one place to another, like it occurs in regular security agencies. Another thing that sets them apart from the other security forces is their grassroots connection, and their apt understanding of the terrain of their communities. They live and stay for as long as they want in their communities, and this makes them better in community policing than the other law enforcement agents. Their membership is made up of able bodied youths from the very community where the live and operate, some of their members are even ex-personnel and are experienced based on the training they acquired while in service, and their community knowledge makes them capable of perfecting the job of protecting lives and property. Little wonder, the Emir of Anka, Alhaji Attahiru Muhammad Ahmad once said there was no presence of security operatives in the rural communities. He made the assertion during a town hall meeting with the then Acting now substantive IGP Muhammed Adamu, on approaches to end banditry and kidnapping in Zamfara State. He said all the places armed bandits operated in Zamfara state had no security presence. He said security agents are only found in the local government headquarters, their presence are not felt at the rural communities at all (Daily Trust 2019, April 10). Therefore, the success of Security agencies in terms of Community policing should not depend only on the development of their own skills and capabilities, but also on the engagement of competent vigilante groups. The application of community policing initiative in Nigerian communities would obviously allow vigilante groups and relevant security agencies to work in partnership to reduce crimes of violence such as kidnapping, armed banditry, herders and farmers conflicts, terrorism and other menace that constitute insecurity in Nigeria. Furthermore, for Nigeria to successfully deal with the current internal security challenges it must be community driven. And since community policing recognizes the roles of traditional rulers, community associations, town unions, religious leaders and other stakeholders, therefore, in recruiting members of vigilante group of various communities, the aforementioned stakeholders must partake, vouch and serve as guarantors so that people of questionable character are not recruited. And if those recruited do otherwise, these categories of leaders should be held responsible. Though there may be bad eggs in vigilante group, but the government and Nigerians are privy to some of their achievements, and these advantageous roles cannot be overemphasized. For instance, the Civilian JTF in Borno and other states in the North East is a very good example to cite. The civilian JTF is a vigilante group that is seriously complementing the efforts of the military. They were all united by a common mission-how to assist in liberating their communities from devilish fiends. On different occasions the Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen. Tukur Buratai publicly acknowledged and praised the contributions of the vigilante group in the war against Boko Haram Terrorist (Vanguard 2016, September 29). The Civilian JTF saw the spirited efforts of the Nigerian military in taming the monsters, and the extent soldiers were alien to their communities and could not identify insurgents in their midst. It was this patriotic impulse that beckoned at them and they responded. They conducted security checks, acted as informants to security agents of Boko Haram Terrorists in their midst, exposed their hideouts to soldiers, battled insurgents on the field alongside with the military and rescued captives seized by terrorists. The Civilian JTF also assisted the Nigerian army to navigate strange areas that they were not conversant with, difficult terrains and sustained vigilance over communities. The military realised that the vigilante group were a great assets to the fight against Boko Haram, having tactically deployed them in the core area of intelligence gathering which yielded many positive ambushes against the terrorists. In Rivers State, the vigilante group in Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni local government area arrested ten suspected kidnappers. They were apprehended along the East-West road in Ndele Emohua local government where they mounted a roadblock (Punch 2019, June 16). Also the same vigilante group rescued a police officer, Inspector O. Egwi and a civilian, Collins Isaac from kidnappers den in the course of their operation. The vigilante group raided their den at Egbeda, Omudioga and Ubimini communities all in Emohua Local Government Area (Daily Post 2019, March 19). And also a local vigilante group in Egoro Na Oka community in Esan West Local Government Area of Edo State rescued five victims kidnapped by unknown gunmen. When they heard, they quickly mobilised and cordoned off the forest between Egoro Na Oka, Urohi, Opoji, Ebudin and Ekpoma. The leader of the group Henry Anuge said it took them the whole night to comb the forest round (PM News 2019, July 1). There was a case of two brothers that were rescued from kidnappers den inside Egbo forest of kokori by a team of vigilante from Kokori community in Ethiope East Local Government Area of Delta State. The vigilante group invaded the den of the kidnappers and a gun duel ensued leading to the death of three of the suspected kidnappers (Vanguard 2019, May 13). This is just to mention a few. My emphasis on vigilante group’s involvement in community policing to combat insecurity is premised on the fact that, members of the vigilante group know and understand the terrain and topography of their communities better than security agents that are seen as strangers in their domain, and it’s easier for them to halt suspicious movements and identify strangers since criminals live within the communities. The reason for the establishment of Amotekun by the six states in the South-West region. Since security is everyone’s responsibility, and as stakeholders in the security sector our goal is common. It is obvious that vigilante group have proved to be forces worthy of reckoning in the system of things, as far as security in rural areas is concerned. More so, it is the missing piece in the puzzle for strong community policing. So institutionalizing vigilante group of Nigeria into the security apparatus of this country will go a long way to mitigate internal security challenges in Nigeria. (Stephen Obochi Okwori, an Abuja based
Security Strategist and Management Consultant, could be reached through www.sticmirac.com.ng