The Governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, on Friday disclosed, that he will not hand over governance to his deputy, Agboola Ajayi despite testing positive for COVID-19. According to Akeredolu, who described his deputy as a threat to governance in the state, Ajayi no longer belongs to the APC and governance in the state. Akeredolu, who spoke through the state Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo said that it is a non-issue that Governor Akeredolu should hand over governance to Ajayi. Recall that on June 21, 2020, Ajayi had quit the APC following months of frosty relationship with his boss, after which he picked the membership card of the PDP. Shortly after his resignation from APC, the Deputy Governor disclosed that he will not resign from office, stressing that the people who gave him the mandate did not ask him to resign as deputy governor. Ojogo, however, emphasised that government activities had no in any affected as a result of his boss COVID-19 status. On June 30, Akeredolu disclosed his COVID-19 status after his test returned positive. Ojogo said that, “You can’t hand over government to someone who has left governance, or handover the rein of government to someone who attempted to pull down government, in any case, those of us in government and believe strongly in this government see the deputy governor as the greatest threat to good governance in Ondo state and you can’t attempt to handover to people like that. Agboola Ajayi is the greatest threat to this government. “I don’t know how we and we got into this, what we witnessed in 1983, the level of treachery that was deployed against late Adekunle Ajasin. Except for those who have the opportunity to witness what we are seeing in Ondo state, one may be tempted to say that was the height or nothing could surpass level of treachery but what we are seeing today represent the fact what Omoboriowo did in 1983 was a child play compare to what Agboola Ajayi is doing now. “You don’t rock a boat that has taken you across the ocean, so it is a non-issue and we are not even considering handing over to Agboola Ajayi and I know as a matter of fact that no one who believes in good governance in the state will even advise Akeredolu to hand over to his deputy. What would be the compelling reason when governance is not grounded.”