The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Kaduna State Chapter, has advised Governor Nasir el-Rufai-led administration to urgently take concrete and decisive steps to end the ongoing massacre of innocent souls in the state, especially in Southern Kaduna. The party described the incessant killings as wanton, barbaric and totally unacceptable in a society with constituted authority. A press release signed by the state Publicity Secretary of the party, Mr Abraham Albera Catoh, condemned in strong terms the killings and wondered why the Kaduna state and federal governments have not intervened, noting that the ugly situation is getting out of hand by the day. “From the mountains of Kaura to the quiet forest of Sanga, towards the thick forest of Birnin Gwari, Giwari, Igabi, Kajuru, Zangon Kataf, Kukum Daji, Kagoro, Kaura and Kauru and back to Zangon Kataf local government areas, gunmen and bandits have been maiming, raping, kidnapping and killing innocent people unabated,” the statement lamented. It regretted that farming activities and food security is now threatened in the affected areas, as farmers can no longer go to their farms for fear of the bandits and other criminal gangs on the prowl killing, saying that Governor el-Rufai is not doing enough to bring the situation under control, apart from paying lip service. The party equally lambasted el-Rufai for what it called “his clandestine rendezvous with the terrorists” in the recent past, where he claimed to have paid them (terrorists) to stop the killings, even though he knows that no serious government negotiates with terrorists. “It is now obvious that they used the money he paid them to acquire more sophisticated weapons to perpetuate their merciless acts,” the statement added. The statement noted that the soldiers are overwhelmed and are being killed due to obsolete and inadequate arms and ammunition. “No wonder, this has resulted in the loss of interest and broken morale, leading to the recently reported resignation of 356 soldiers,” it added. It explained that the APC leadership both at federal and state levels has failed in its primary responsibility of securing the lives and property of its citizens. The party wondered why a government whose cardinal promise to the electorate was tackling insecurity, is now seemingly not bothered by the worsening security situation in the country. The party added, “We wish to call on the governor and the security agencies for a change in their tactics and for a paradigm shift from the norm, because the current strategy is not yielding any serious results. The people are disenchanted and frustrated with the security situation in the state.” Recall that dare-devil bandits and unknown gunmen have been terrorizing the Southern part of the state, killing and maiming innocent citizens, including women and children, almost on a daily basis.