President Muhammadu Buhari has reacted to a call by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, that he should resign. PDP’s National Chairman, Uche Secondus had called on Buhari to resign due to the alleged spate of corruption in his government. Speaking on behalf of the Party at a press briefing on Friday, Secondus had accused the Buhari led government of supervising re-looting of the National treasury. Secondus had said Buhari should do the honourable thing by resigning as an elder statesman. He noted that the current investigation ongoing at the National Assembly shows that the government has no head. However, while speaking through his spokesman, Garba Shehu, the president vowed not to throw in the towel. In a statement he signed and forwarded to DAILY POST, Shehu said Buhari was determined to continue his fight against corruption in Nigeria. Shehu said the call by Secondus was an indication that Buhari should cover up fraud rather than probe such menace. He said: “It a time when the whole world is unifying to confront a common enemy, Nigeria’s opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP has launched a whirlwind campaign promoting undemocratic values, the latest manifestation of which is the call for President Muhammadu Buhari’s resignation for allowing audits and investigation into several agencies of government, including the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. “Based on the statement issued by the embattled chairman of the Party, Prince Uche Secondus, it is clear that they would have liked the President to not investigate but to cover things up: to not wake the sleeping lion as voiced by another of their leaders.” “President Buhari will not resign. He is determined to continue the crusade against corruption, both legacy and recently unearthed cases, that are found to be shabbily handled, and in some cases unattended to by past administrations. Shehu stressed that the opposition party can’t scare the government from probing the “grave allegations made against MDAs and their chiefs because failure to do so will amount to a historic betrayal of public trust.”