The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, has been tasked to seek peace with his warring party men so the mission and vision of his administration would to be scuttled through rancour and internal wrangling. A Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Prince Adeolu Tinubu, advised that the good vision Governor Fayemi has for Ekiti can only materialise under the atmosphere of peace and unity, not via chaos and unwarranted political squabbles that would make Ekiti masses the ultimate losers. Chieftains of the All Progressives Congress(APC): Senators Dayo Adeyeye, Babafemi Ojudu and 13 others had been having a running battle with Fayemi over the control of APC, which has caused a lot of tension in recent time. Commenting on the crisis on Monday in Emure Ekiti while interacting with some elders, Tinubu said Fayemi and politicians of the APC extraction must work in one accord for the state to be truly respected as a land of honour. He said politicians shouldn’t have the erroneous impression that all their grievances can be resolved by heating up the polity, saying such tendencies can only make the state ungovernable and decelerate the spate of development. “I appeal to Governor Kayode Fayemi and the political leaders of APC and even other parties to eschew discord and embrace peace. “The latest development where party leaders are locked in battles would only increase disunity in the state and thereby retard the progress and development as a whole. “There is no meaningful progress that can be made under the climate of discord, unhealthy rivalry, violence and general disequilibrium. “Ekiti state is loaded with manpower potentials, and we are respected for our hard work and intelligence. Such potentials will amount to nothing when not harnessed to effectively bring out greatness for our dear state. “Governor Fayemi as the leader must live by example by reaching out to aggrieved individuals across party lines on the need to ensure a peaceful Ekiti. “The 2022 governorship election is still long. This is the right time for governance and when the time to play politics comes, then they should all go out and reach out to our people to canvas for votes, in a peaceful and civil manner”, he advised. Tinubu emphasised that Ekiti State has a long history of “peaceful coexistence rooted in humility, integrity, good name, communal relationship, selfless service and hard work”, stressing that politics should not be allowed to truncate such a long-standing tradition.