Traditional rulers in Anambra State have passed a resolution commending President Muhammadu Buhari for his dedication towards completing the Second Niger Bridge project in Onitsha. The monarchs who met with famous oil mogul, Prince Arthur Eze at the palace of the traditional ruler of Ukwulu Kingdom, in Dunukofia Local Government Area of Anambra State, Igwe Peter Uyanwa said the projects being aggressively worked on in the Southeast geopolitical zone is a testimony of President Buhari’s love for the zone. Uyanwa who is also the chairman of Anambra Central traditional rulers council, and hosted the meeting said, “We thank Buhari for the Second Niger Bridge, the Onitsha – Owerri Expressway, the Enugu – Onitsha expressway, the Akanu Ibiam International airport, zone 13 police command and others. “If you go to Enugu airport today, it is like an airport in New York. If it was not for the COVID-19, we would have started using the airport long ago. All these are testimonies of the love of Buhari for the people of this region. “We are asking our brother, Prince Arthur Eze to convey our commendation to the president. We are very happy for what he is doing in the zone, and we are happy for our brother (Arthur Eze) who is ever supportive of this administration. Other traditional rulers who expressed happiness over projects by the Buhari administration in the South East include; Igwe Elibe Okonkwo; the traditional ruler of Alor, Igwe Austine Ndigwe of Awka Kingdom, Igwe Chijioke Nwankwo of Nawfia community, among others. Uyanwa also called on President Buhari to further aid the progress of the zone by dredging the Second Niger Bridge and make the Onitsha Seaport functional as the people of the South East are predominantly businessmen who majorly deal on importation of goods. Meanwhile, Prince Arthur Eze who addressed the monarchs said he will be leading them to President Buhari soon to convey their commendation physically to him. Uyanwa said, “Arthur Eze will lead us to the president soon. We will schedule a date for that, and we are likely to go with 15 or 20 traditional rulers to see the president physically and convey our commendation to him.”