Former Arsenal forward, Charlie Nicholas, has predicted some of today’s Premier League fixtures. Manchester City will host Newcastle United at the Etihad Stadium after losing 1-0 to Southampton in their last game. Liverpool will face Brighton in an away Premier League clash following a 2-0 victory against Aston Villa in their previous match. Wolves will tackle Sheffield United after losing 2-0 to Arsenal at home in their last fixture. Providing his prediction, Nicholas told Sky Sports: “Newcastle have been battling hard for survival, and they’ve completed it, but there is no pressure after the FA Cup match between these two. “Surely, Jesus will get an opportunity to score more goals in this one. It will be a fairly convincing victory for Man City. Man City 4, Newcastle 0.” Commenting on Sheffield vs Wolves game, Nicholas said: “Sheffield United earned a good point against Burnley, and now they are in that fight for the European spots after a poor start since the break. “Wolves were disappointing against Arsenal. They let Adama Traore get on the ball and try to use his pace and power to cause problems, but it never worked. “I still feel Wolves have enough to make the Premier League top four. Everybody has had setbacks so far, except Man Utd. “I expect Wolves to bounce back [from their defeat to Arsenal] just because of what they have upfront. Sheffield 1, Wolves 2.” Speaking on the Brighton vs Liverpool match, Nicholas said: “Brighton is just about there. You look at the 27-point mark with Aston Villa and Bournemouth, and then Watford on 28. “Liverpool were poor against Aston Villa. I understand it’s hard to get motivated when the job is already done, and there is no crowd to inspire them either. They’ve just won their first Premier League ever and have been such heroes. “I still think they’ll be good enough to take home the points if Klopp does make the changes. Brighton 1, Liverpool 2.” The kick-off time for Brighton vs Liverpool is 8:15 pm, while that of Man City vs Newcastle and Sheffield United vs Wolves is 6 pm.