Olusegun Bamgbose, the National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has revealed the only solution to the incessant killings in Southern Kaduna. He condemned the recent killings in the area, adding that the massacre of innocent and harmless citizens by bandits, is unacceptable. In a statement to DAILY POST on Wednesday, Bamgbose said that community policing will go a long way to stop the reckless attacks on innocent citizens. The senior lawyer wondered how bandits and Fulani herdsmen would operate in an environment for hours, without any meaningful intervention by the security agents. “One cannot but strongly condemn these incessant and reckless killings across the country,” he said. “Mostly affected are children, women and the aged. Killings in any part of the country should not have any ethnic or religious undertone or colouration. “The Christian organizations and Southern groups have condemned these senseless killings, they are in order, however one will equally expect CAN, PFN and Southern organizations to also condemn such acts if the victims were Moslems or from the North. “We must ensure we are nationalistic in our approach to issues that bother on security of lives. I’ll be looking forward to a time when the Northern Elders Forum or Arewa Consultative Forum, will come out and condemn killings among Christians or in the South. “CAN, PFN equally should do the same. We are all God’s creatures and citizens of Nigeria. We should eschew any form of tribalism, ethnicity and religious biases. “No one chose to come from a particular part of the country. Buhari could have been from Oyo State. Bamgbose could have been from Borno State. “On the other hand, it has become obvious from the current security situation in the country that Community policing is imperative. “One will suggest the creation of a Special Community Corps, SPECC. They should be recruited from the affected community and integrated into the security architecture of the country. “It’s obvious that relying on conventional security outfits might not nip in the bud these incessant killings. The Federal Government should be proactive and look inward. “Our security system should be overhauled. President Buhari should wake up and rise up to the occasion. No excuses will be tenable or tolerated as far as security of lives and properties are concerned,” he stated. Recall that the Nigerian Army yesterday tagged the killings in Southern Kaduna as reprisal killings perpetrated by Kataf youths, Fulani militias and the criminal elements of both sides. This is according to the Commander of Operation Safe Haven, Chukwuemeka Okonkwo who briefed newsmen on Tuesday, following a security meeting at the Kaduna State Government House. 