A 10-year-old girl from Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State allegedly raped by five men, including her aunt’s husband has been rescued by youths in the area. Report has it that the victim is now in the custody of one Hajiya Rabi Salisu of Arida Foundation of Nigeria, AFN, after her mother reported her to her aunt’s husband. Hajiya Rabi of the Arida Foundation of Nigeria is said to have appeared in a viral video with the victim a few days ago, explained that the victim’s mother, who has separated from her father, had reported the girl to her sister’s husband for refusing to hawk. Report has it that the sister’s husband took advantage of the girl’s situation and introduced her to two of his relatives who together with him, raped the girl. According to Hajiya Rabi, the girl reported to her mother when she started seeing blood in her urine, adding that the mother warned the sister’s husband to stay clear from the girl. The story has it that as the girl continues to hawk, in the process, she met a man selling fairly used clothes in the market, who bought her school sandals and started taking advantage of her. A bakery owner also later joined in taking advantage of the girl after buying the cooked rice that the girl was hawking. Subsequently, according to Hajiya Rabi, at the end of the day, about five men were sexually exploiting the girl, resulting to the treatment of the girl for infectious diseases and bruises all over her genital part. Hajiya Rabi explained that four of the suspected rapists have been arrested by the police. “We don’t know where the victim’s mother is at the moment, but her father is deformed and cannot move,” Hajiya Rabi further explained. Hajiya Rabi noted that the girl has been handed her over to them to ensure she gets justice and also enrolls in school. She explained that one of the suspects is at large, stressing that they are waiting on the police to inform them of the arraignment date at the state magistrates’ court. The Kaduna State police spokesman, ASP Mohammed Jalige, explained that the police have strong evidence against two of the suspects who had already made confessional statements, adding that the other two have not confessed while investigation is ongoing.