Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Ondo State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Wahab Adegbenr, has died of COVID-19 complications. Adegbenro was said to have died at the state Infectious Disease Hospital, IDH in Akure, Ondo State capital on Thursday. 2. The First Lady of Ondo State, Betty Anyanwu-Akeredolu has tested positive for COVID-19. The COVID-19 status of the governor’s wife was disclosed by a top government official who craved anonymity days after her husband, Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu begun self-isolation after testing positive. 3. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has said the conduct of wedding and burial ceremonies may resume soon. NCDC Director-General, Chikwe Ihekweazu, who gave the hint while speaking at the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 on Thursday, insisted that guidelines on mass gatherings have not been relaxed. 4. A total of 626 new cases of coronavirus infections have been recorded in Nigeria. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, which announced the figure on Thursday, said Lagos State recorded 193 cases, while FCT followed with 85 cases. 5. The Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, says it received with great shock and consternation the news of the increase in the pump price of Premium Motor Spirit known as ‘petrol’ from N121 to N143. The NLC President, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, described the statement as very embarrassing that the PPPRA boss while trying to defend the indefensible appeared to be out of sorts and ready to clutch at any available straws to sell his “ice block merchandise” to “Eskimos”. 6. Dubai Police have announced that popular Nigerian Instagram celebrity, Raymond Abbas also known as Hushpuppi and Olakekan Jacob known as Woodberry have been extradited to the United States. According to a statement by Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI, Christopher Wray also praised the exceptional efforts made by the Dubai Police General HQ, in arresting the duo and bringing them to book. 7. Bayelsa State has recorded another COVID-19 related death confirmed by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). Dr. Jones Stowe, Director of Public Health and a member of State COVID-19 Task Force added that 29 infections were also recorded in a statement on Thursday in Yenagoa. 8. The United States’ COVID-19 emergency aid to Nigeria has risen to $41.3million (N15.5 billion). In a statement on Thursday, the Department of State said the amount was part of a $1.3billion COVID-19 aid for 120 countries. 9. The National Working Committee, NWC, of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has dissolved its southwest Zonal Caretaker Committee. PDP, in a statement signed by Mr. Kola Ologbondiyan, its National Publicity Secretary, on Thursday announced Mr. Dayo Ogungbenro, as the Chairman of the new Caretaker Committee. 10. A High Court sitting at Federal Capital Territory (FCT) has thrown aside a leadership suit filed against the immediate past National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Adams Oshiomhole, and three others. The presiding judge, Justice Danlami Senchi, dismissed the suit on Thursday after the applicants through their lawyers told the court they were no longer interested in continuing with the matter during the resumption of the case on Thursday.