by Obiweluozo Martins Manchester United will entertain arch-rivals, Chelsea in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday having been competing with each other in the top four race in the Premier League. Both sides will meet at Wembley as hostility brews between the two sides with a place in the FA Cup finals up for grabs. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and his side enter into the match following a 19-match unbeaten run across all competitions-and this is United’s longest streak since November 2010. The Red Devils have already beaten Chelsea thrice this term. This makes them the favourites to reach a record 21st FA Cup final prior to
the Super Sunday Showdown at Wembley. Here, DAILY POST takes a look at how Manchester United could line-up against Chelsea at the Wembley Stadium. Unavailable; Phil Jones (knock), Axel Tuanzebe (unclear). Doubtful; Brandon Williams (facial),Luke Shaw (ankle). Solskjaer and Frank Lampard could weigh up their team selection in the build up to this blockbuster encounter. The quest for European football (UEFA Champions League) remains top on the list for both sides (Manchester United and Chelsea) especially with two matches left to play in the Premier League after this FA Cup match. United’s recent run of form has been largely due to the lethal attacking combo of Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford in transition
for the Red Devils. But with the trio of Mason Greenwood, Anthony Martial and Bruno Fernandes likely to be afforded the rest prior to this
tie, changes are imminent in United’s starting team. United’s boss may desire to keep at least two of his in-form players in the side for this crunch fixture. And Marcus Rashford and Paul
Pogba could be the two to make another start for the Red Devils. Nigerian striker, Odion Ighalo will hope to lead the attack after scoring in all four of his previous starts for the club, netting five
times in that run. Daniel James could also start. Fred and Serbian midfielder Nemanja Matic could come into the team while Diogo Dalot will hope to make a rare appearance after he was overlooked in midweek. Solskjaer chose Timothy Fosu-Mensah at left back position in the Palace game. It was a choice United was forced to make to an extent as
Luke Shaw and Brandon Williams were out of the Palace game. And while both of them are doubtful for this match, still William seems the more likely player to recover from his facial injury in time
to possibly feature against Chelsea. Second Choice goalkeeper Sergio Romero should replace David De Gea in between the sticks against Frank Lampard’s Chelsea. Manchester United vs. Chelsea; Manchester United’s predicted line-up against Chelsea in a defined 4-2-3-1 formation Chemistry. Sergio Romero; Diogo Dalot, Eric Baily, Harry Maguire, Brandon
Williams; Fred, Nemanja Matic; Marcus Rashford, Paul Pogba, Daniel
James; Odion Ighalo.