The Bauchi State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has commiserated with journalists who were injured in last week’s attack at the Nigeria Union of Journalists Secretariat in Bauchi by some suspected political thugs. Two journalists sustained varying degree of injuries in the attack which was allegedly carried out by some youths said to be loyal to a faction of the APC in the state. The suspected thugs stormed the Press Centre last Thursday and disrupted an ongoing press conference being addressed by a faction of the party, hurling every available object at attendants of the event. The ugly event prompted the leadership of the Union in the state to slam a ban on reportage of the activities of the youth wing of the former ruling party in the state. Reacting to this in a press release signed by its state Public Relations Officer (PRO), Adamu Jallah and Youth Leader, Nasiru Gwallaga, respectively, the APC condemned the attack. The party said it only learned of the incident on the pages of newspapers, claiming it did not know the perpetrators, who it said might have been sponsored. “We write to commiserate with you and the entire journalists of Bauchi State on the attack on your secretariat on Thursday by hoodlums during a press conference. “Our attention has been drawn to the incident by reports published by newspapers which suggested that the perpetrators of the ugly act are APC members. “We want to make it categorically clear that we do not know the culprits and we suspect that they were sponsored by unscrupulous people. “We also learned that the problem started as a result of the failure of their sponsors to settle them before coming to NUJ,” the party stated. While commiserating with the injured journalists in the attack, the APC dissociated itself from the suspected thugs. The party, however, blamed the faction which organised the press conference for holding such event without notifying the party and security agents, submitting that if it (the faction) had done that, the dastardly act might not have taken place.