As the administrative committee of inquiry set up by the Bauchi State government to look into land disputes in the state starts to receive memoranda, Daddo Pulaku group, a conglomerate of Fulani socio-cultural associations in the state, has demanded 4% of the total landmass of the state as contained in the list of gazetted and ungazetted grazing reserves in the state. This is contained in the memorandum, seen by DAILY POST, signed by the group chairman, Muhammad Aminu Tukur, for other leaders of the associations and submitted to the administrative committee of inquiry today. The Fulani group urged the Bauchi State government to ensure the full implementation of the state Castle Routes Law of 2018, which prohibits cultivation on both sides of all major roads in the state by 30 meters from the drains. It submitted that nomads are being threatened with intense hostility, which the group noted has multiplier effects every year. Daddo Pulaku laments that those challenging herders’ right to live and their choice of occupation as the most beef eaters and addictive milk consumers, adding that nomads world over are never known to be parasites but major contributors to the economy of all nations. According to the group, nomads in Bauchi State are confronted with challenges across the state, particularly in Itas/Gadau, Ganjuwa and Bauchi local government areas. It lamented that in those LGAs, some village heads and land officers are not only apportioning grazing reserves and cattle routes to themselves but also selling the same to individuals. “It is our candid opinion that our people suffer most in the hands of village heads, district heads and greedy lands officers in the LGAs,” Daddo Pulaku stated. To confirm the veracity of its claim on apportioning and sale of grazing reserves and cattle routes, the group urged the committee to visit even one of such cattle routes in any part of the state. The Fulani group, while submitting that a permanent solution should be found to the conflict between farmers and herders in the country, declared that farmers/herders’ conflict could degenerate into more violence, bloodshed and be a threat to food security. According to Daddo Pulaku, government at all levels must address the issue, not minding whose ox is gored, adding that the Federal Government is vested with more power than other levels of government in the country. “It is our opinion that for a permanent solution to the escalating conflicts between farmers and herders in Nigeria as the most pressing security challenge of our time which has the potential to degenerate into more violence, bloodshed, arson and destruction of the most needed essential food items we have in both crop production and animal husbandry, urgent steps must be taken by the government to check the tide. “The federal system we are operating to this moment has vested most powers in the hands of the Federal Government by having an upper hand in the security arrangement in the country, having the police and armed forces under its command.” The group then called for mass literacy, civil education and sensitisation to inculcate nationalism on Nigerians, particularly farmers and herders, to appreciate each other for peaceful coexistence. “It is never too late to start from the scratch by inculcating mass literacy, civil education and sensitization of the citizenry to appreciate one another most especially among farmers and herders,” the Fulani group advised.