The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) has decried the deplorable states of roads in Cross River State. Speaking to DAILY POST in Calabar on Friday, the Acting Sector Commander, Benedict Akunne lamented the state of roads at Odukpani junction. Akunne said “Presently, we are having a pathetic gridlock along Odukpani junction. It is terrible, the place is too bad and today I have dropped a letter to the government of Cross River State, pleading to help us work on the deplorable state of the road so that this traffic gridlock will be over. “One of our responsibilities or mandates in FRSC is to locate bad spots on the road and communicate with relevant authorities about the bad spot and urge them to come and effect repairs. We have an outpost at Odukpani but what is happening there is terrible, what is happening there overwhelmed our men, we have to move our men from other areas to ensure that traffic congestion and grid-lock is reduced” Akunne stated. The Acting Sector Commander explained that the new normal the FRSC has put in place after the lockdown was the reintroduction of Mobile Court in full force. “The Mobile Court operation will be in full force, we are set to go out to the road because we don’t want people to die anymore. “We will move from park to park and ensure that every driver obey the protocol, washing of hands, wearing of facial mask, sanitising and fumigation of motor parks,” he said He said that there was no gain stating the obvious that road traffic crashes are on the increase in some part of Nigeria even here in Cross River State and now that the ban on the interstate travels has been lifted, the first thing we will do is to check how we will stem the rising tide of road traffic crashes, known fully well that people have been hungry, people have been indoors, people have not been travelling and now the roads have been opened, we will experience a whole lot of travels. “We must ensure that there is social distancing, we will also ensure that people that are entering the vehicles do not contact coronavirus just because they want to travel.