Reality Star, Kim Kardashian has blamed struggles with ‘Bipolar disorder’ for Kanye West’s recent Twitter rants. Kanye had recently accused Kim and his mother-in-law, Kris Jenner of trying to lock him up and also kicked against his children shooting for Playboy magazine. He also described his life living with the Kardashian’s similar to that of a ‘Get out’ movie, adding that he has been trying to get a divorce from his wife, Kim. Finally reacting, Kim in a statement released on Wednesday addressed claims by Kanye West. The reality star attributed Kanye’s Twitter rant to his struggle with bipolar disorder. The statement read in part: “As many of you know, Kanye has bipolar disorder. Anyone who has this or has a loved one in their life knows how incredibly complicated and painful it is to understand. “I’ve never spoken publicly about how this has affected us at home because I am very protective of our children and Kanye’s right to privacy when it comes to his health. But today, I feel like I should comment on it because of the stigma and misconceptions about mental health.” The ‘Keeping Up with the Kardashian’ star added that the family is powerless in helping Kanye because he is not a minor. “People who are unaware or far removed from this experience can be judgmental and not understand that the individuals themselves have to engage in the process of getting help no matter how hard family and friends try. Kim wrote that she knows that her husband as a celebrity is “subject to criticism but added that he is an intelligent man who has dealt with so many pressures especially as a black man. “Kanye is a brilliant but complicated person who on top of the pressures of being an artist and a black man has experienced the painful loss of his mother. “He also has to deal with the pressure and isolation that is heightened by his bi-polar disorder. She stressed that Kanye’s words sometimes do not align with his intentions but this does not invalidate his big dreams and creative ideas. “Living with bipolar disorder does not diminish or invalidate his dreams and his creative ideas, no matter how big or unobtainable they may feel to some. “That is part of his genius and as we have all witnessed, many of his big dreams have come true.” Kim then urged for understanding and privacy from the public and the media in order to get through this time for the well being of her husband, Kanye. “As a society, we talk about giving grace to the issue of mental health as a whole; however, we should also give it to the individuals who are living with it in times when they need it the most. “I kindly urge the media and public to give us the compassion and empathy that is needed so that we can get through this. Thank you for those who have expressed concerns for Kanye’s well being and for your understanding.”