Ex-Big Brother Naija housemates, Tacha and Seyi have revealed why their relationship in the Big Brother house turned sour. The duo made this known on Monday episode of BBNaija Reunion hosted by Ebuka Obi-Uchendu. Their friendship took a turn for the worse after they had a misunderstanding which led to hauling of insults at each other. According to Tacha, Seyi ‘is a sexist’ who was always talking about her body and how sexy she was rather than applauding her achievements as a woman. She also said that the moment Seyi called her “Putah” which she perceived to mean a “prostitute” she drew the line to their friendship. She said, “He just started telling the whole world, listen I’m a sexist, because when all you do is trying to tell a woman how sexy her body is, it simply means you’re a sexist. “He was always talking about how I have a great body, “oh I understand you are nice and sexy” but never tried to point out my achievements as an African woman, as a woman in the society striving to make an honest living.” “When you outrightly called someone that everyone thought you were close friends “putah” a prostitute, then you have crossed the line. “That was it for me, that was when I decided I was done because I heard him but I didn’t want to say anything,” she added. Seyi admitted that ‘putah’ was actually an insult, but that it was a Spanish word that meant “female dog” and not prostitute as claimed. He also affirmed that it was an insult, but argued that he was equally hurt by Tacha’s words. He said, “ Now let me clear this putah word, unfortunately it isn’t really a good word. I will be honest, it was an insult to a certain degree. “ Putah means a female dog, Putah is a Latin word or rather a Spanish word for female dog and not prostitute.” However, when asked by Ebuka if he agrees that it wasn’t the right word to use at that time, he said he knew it wasn’t but maintained that he was deeply hurt. “Literally, I am saying it wasn’t a good word but like I said, I was hurt,” he added. At the end, Seyi apologized to Tacha who accepted his apology after she had protested that Seyi was only apologizing because of what people may think of him as a man, and not because he sincerely regretted his actions.