Some staff and students of the Ibarapa Polytechnic, Eruwa, Oyo State (now Adeseun Ogundoyin Polytechnic) have kicked against the appointment of Dr. Samuel Ogundiran as Chairman of the governing council of the institution. The staff and students while rejecting the appointment of Ogundiran, urged Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, to without wasting more time replace Ogundiran with a competent and trusted person with unquestionable characters. DAILY POST recalls that Makinde recently appointed Chairmen and members of the governing councils of the six tertiary institutions owned by the Oyo State government. But staff and students of the institution while reacting, said that it was unfortunate that Makinde appointed Ogundiran, a former Chairman of the governing council of the institution during the administration of the immediate past Governor, Senator Abiola Ajimobi. The staff and students called on Makinde to replace Ogundiran who was arrested by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibadan Zonal office on Tuesday, May 28, 2019 over financial misappropriation. DAILY POST recalls that EFCC had in May 2019, arrested Ogundiran for alleged financial misappropriation. Among allegations against Ogundiran is that he illegally approved and paid furniture allowances to members of the Council. EFCC also invited council members for interrogations. Our correspondent recalls that Ogundiran and other members of the council were arrested at the twilight of the administration of Ajimobi. Ogundiran alongside other members were taken to Iyaganku office of the anti-graft agency during their council meeting for investigation. It was learnt that a confidential document forwarded to Makinde indicated that administrative lapses were uncovered under the watch of Ogundiran in 2019. According to the document, white paper reports of the visitation panel to Adeseun Ogundoyin Polytechnic, Eruwa confirmed that Dr. Samuel Ogundiran and other members as well as the governing the council chairman collected overpayment of allowances. But, some of the staff and students of the institution who spoke with DAILY POST, noted that it would be better if Makinde removes Ogundiran and replaces him with another person who had no case with the EFCC. The staff and students who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that it will be wrong to have an indicted man as the Chairman of the governing council of the institution. One of them who spoke in confidence with DAILY POST on Wednesday said, “Criticisms have trailed Governor Seyi Makinde’s appointment of Dr Samuel Ogundiran as Chairman of the Governing Council of the Ibarapa Polytechnic, Eruwa (now Adeseun Ogundoyin Polytechnic). “The criticisms hinged on the fact that Ogundiran, a former Chairman of the governing council of the institution under Ajimobi led administration was arrested by the anti-graft agency in Ibadan, the State capital on Tuesday, May 28, 2019. Ogundiran was ‘fingered’ for alleged financial misappropriation in petition forwarded to the EFCC. “Among allegations include that Ogundiran illegally approved and paid furniture allowances to members of the Council. The EFCC was reported to have also invited the council members for interrogations. “An interim management was set up after the former management team led by Mr Iyiola Rasheed Eyitayo as the Rector of the institution, were asked to proceed on accumulated leave. “Dr Ogundiran who had collected his allowances while Eyitayo was in office, also collected another allowances for no reason during the tenure of the interim management team led by Mr Peter Adejumo.”