An Osun State Magistrate court sitting in Osogbo, on Wednesday, sentenced a man, Jonathan Ukonwe, to 30 days imprisonment for resisting arrest and intentionally disobeying the constituted authority for not wearing facemask. The 45-year-old man was arraigned for assaulting a female operative of Amotekun Corps. The prosecutor, ASP Abiodun Fagboyinbo told the court that Jonathan assaulted one Meshack Funmilola (F) of Hunters Group of Nigeria by beating her up while performing her lawful duty on the enforcement of the use of facemask. He said the convict conducted himself in a manner to cause breach of peace by resisting arrest and intentionally disobeyed the constituted authority and deliberately refused to wear facemask. The three-count charge filed against the convict read; “That you Jonathan Ukonwe on the same date, time and place in the aforementioned Magisterial District did conduct yourself in a manner to cause a breach of peace by resisting arrest for not wearing your facemask and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 249(D) of the Criminal Code Cap 34 Voll. Laws of Osun State of Nigeria 2002. “You intentionally disobeyed the constituted authority and deliberately refused to wear facemask in the public and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 203 of the Criminal code CAP 34 Vol II Laws of Osun State of Nigeria, 2002. “You assaulted one Meshack Funmilola ‘F’ of Hunters Group of Nigeria by beating her up while performing her lawful duty on the enforcement of the use of facemask and thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 356 of Criminal Code CAP 34 Vol 1l Laws of Osun State of Nigeria 2002.” The accused pleaded guilty for count one and two but pleaded not guilty for assaulting Amotekun female corps. Magistrate Opeyemi Badmus sentenced the accused to 30 days imprisonment for resisting arrest and intentionally disobeyed the constituted authority for not wearing facemask. Magistrate Opeyemi later Adjourned the third charge to July 29, 2020, for hearing.