Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State has been issued a new certificate by the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC). Governor Obaseki reportedly served in the National Youth Service Corps in 1980 but had an error on the certificate issued to him as his surname read Obasek instead of Obaseki Recall that this was one of the reasons his former party, the All Progressives Congress (APC) allegedly disqualified him from participating in the party’s primary election. Obaseki then wrote the NYSC to demand rectification of the error and re-issuance of the certificate. And in a letter dated June 19, 2020, signed by Okonofua K N, on behalf of the NYSC Director-General, said the scheme had carried out an investigation and found that there is a need for re-issuance of the certificate to reflect Obaseki’s correct name. “I refer to your letter referenced EOG/ABI/99/VOL IV/172 dated 18th June 2020, on the above subject matter please,” the letter read. “I am directed to inform you that after investigation, the management of the National Youth Service Corps has approved that a new Certificate of National Service reflecting the Surname OBASEKI be produced as the earlier Certificate number 063107 dated 6th August 1980 has been canceled due to an error in the surname i.e. OBASEK. “Accept the assurances of the Director-General’s regard.” Recall that the APC disqualified Obaseki from participating in the June 22 primary election alleging inconsistency in his certificate. This was after the Governor raised the alarm, alleging that the former National Chairman of the party, Adams Oshiomhole was planning to announce his disqualification. Following his disqualification, Obaseki resigned from the ruling party. He later joined the PDP where he participated in the primary election and emerged as the party’s sole candidate for the September 2020 governorship election. Obaseki’s main challenger in the September 19, 2020 election is APC’s Pastor Ize-Iyamu. Ize-Iyamu contested the last governorship election in the State on the platform of the PDP in 2016 and was defeated by Obaseki who was then a member of the APC.