Chelsea will host Daniel Farke’s side at home on Tuesday as hostility ensues in one of the midweek fixtures of the Barclays Premier League. Both teams (Chelsea and the Norwich City side) would be aiming for the positive result going into the game as they both clash at Stamford Bridge. However, Chelsea would be looking to pick up the three maximum points at home especially as United slipped in the race for the top-four position. But Norwich may be hoping to cause a surprise despite the fact that they’ve been relegated from the Premier League. The visitors would have their hands full as they encounter a high talented Chelsea side away from home. With the match looming in earnest, we take a look at the three (3) exemplary players to watch ahead of the Chelsea vs. Norwich City fixture. Christian Pulisic (attacking midfield) The United States international would be a top marksman for Chelsea going into this match as he’s been in good form in recent weeks. He’s been outstanding going forward for Frank Lampard side scoring twice in his side’s 2-4 victory over Burnley at the turf moor alongside
Brazil’s playmaker Willian. The attacking-minded player is one of the reasons the home side would be optimistic about going into this match. He scored an individual goal to help Chelsea seal a crucial 2-1 win over rivals and the flamboyant Manchester City at home. He followed it up with a brilliant showing against Watford in his side’s 3-0 win over the Hornets. Pulisic is a massive player for the Blues going into the Norwich game. Ross Barkley (midfield) Barkley is expected to feature in this game based on his current form for the Chelsea side. He is likely to be paired alongside the duo of Mason Mount and Mateo Kovacic in the midfield. Barkley has been instrumental to his sides’ progress as he scored the third goal in Chelsea’s 3-0 win over Watford. He would be expected to lead the charge in the middle from his manager’s perspective. Barkley’s goal-scoring ability could be decisive in games like this with an eye in the FA Cup fixture against Manchester United. He’s got the quality to deliver just like he did score the winner in the 0-1 win against Leicester City last month in the FA Cup. Willian Borges (attacking midfield) The Brazilian would be expected to bring the ‘ginger’ Chelsea need in the game against Norwich City at home. He would be called upon by his manager, Frank Lampard even as he has been handed the penalty-taking responsibility for the Blues. He’s been outstanding scoring against top sides like Tottenham Hotspur, Manchester City this season as well as in the Watford game last week. Willian’s experience and dynamism would be key to his side’s advantage. His movement and gameplay would unsettle the Norwich side who could choose to employ a defensive strategy against Chelsea possibly with 10 men behind the ball.