The Inspector-General of Police (I-G), Mr. Mohammed Adamu, has ordered full enforcement of the curfew imposed on parts of Southern Kaduna by the state government following recent violence in the area. The Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), Mr. Frank Mba, disclosed this in a statement on Monday in Abuja. He said that the curfew was part of efforts by the government to restore law and order in the affected areas. Mba said that the I-G had directed the Commissioner of Police (CP) in Kaduna State to ensure full enforcement of the curfew. “The CP is to ensure optimal deployment of human and material assets of the Intervention Squad currently on the ground in the state to safeguard lives and property in the communities. “He is to personally coordinate the operations of the Intervention Squad in carrying out collective and holistic tasks of ensuring peace and safety in the communities,” he said. According to him, the squad was made up of the Police Mobile Force (PMF), Counter Terrorism Unit (CTU), Police Special Forces and Detectives/Intelligence Operatives. He said others were personnel of the Kaduna State Police Command, the Military and other security agencies. Mba said the I-G commiserated with the people of Kaduna State, particularly those who lost their loved ones and property as a result of the crises. He pledged that the Force would do everything within its powers to ensure restoration of peace in the affected areas. The FPRO said the I-G enjoined the people of the state to cooperate with the Police, the Military and other law enforcement agencies in the enforcement of the curfew. He, however, warned troublemakers in the state to desist from acts of violence and lawlessness. Meanwhile, the Human Rights Writers Association of Nigeria, HURIWA, had expressed its dismay with the indifference shown by the Sultan of Sokoto, Sa’iad Abubakar Muhammadu, John Cardinal Onaiyekan, the most senior Catholic clergy in Nigeria, Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria, CBCN, and the national leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, for not speaking out in condemnation of the Federal and Kaduna State governments for permitting the ongoing genocide in the Christian dominated Southern Kaduna State by armed Fulani herdsmen and armed mercenaries.