At least, two persons; were yesterday feared killed and property worth millions of Naira destroyed in a fresh boundary dispute in Ebonyi State. The crisis ensued between Nguji Ojiegbe Onunwakpu and Ndiegede, both in Igbeagu autonomous community in Izzi Local Government Area of Ebonyi State. Investigation revealed that the boundary disputes started in 2012, but later put off by the state government. DAILY POST gathered that both villages have been laying claim to the disputed portion of the land, although the people of Ndiegede were firstly accused of allegedly encroaching on Nguji Ojiegbe portion of the land, and thereafter claimed ownerships. Recall that the state Commissioner for Border, Peace and Conflict Resolution, Mr. Stanley Okoro Emegha, represented by the Head of Department of the ministry, Mr. Ifeanyichukwu Igurube, and stakeholders of Igbeagu community had visited and inspected the contentious land, and thereafter, ordered the two warring groups to stay clear of the disputed land. He warned that any of the group that goes contrary to such directives would attract government’s unfavourable action. But two persons, one Sunday Odom, a native of Ogbodo Onunwakpu and another man identified as Mr. Emmanuel Uguru from Ndiegede village have been reportedly killed. Narrating the ugly incident, the bereaved father of one of the victims and native of Ogbodo Onunwakpu, Mr. Odom Abama, regretted that his son who has nothing to do with any of the two warring villages was killed. He explained that his son went to the farm to meet his sister who was harvesting cassava within the boundary area, where both villages shared boundary but was alleged to had been attacked by Ndiegede youths and shot at the waist that led to his death. According to him,” I was in my farm that afternoon when a report came to me that my 24-year-old son, Mr. Sunday Odom, who just married with one year old daughter, was shot when he visited our farm to assist those who were there to harvest cassava. “Then, I asked of his whereabout, the person said that he had been rushed to the hospital but later died leaving his little girl with nobody to care for her and we are begging the State government to come to our aide,” he appealed. Also Speaking, Ogbodo Onunwakpu Village Head and member, Eze-in-Council Igbeagu Community, Chief Mbam Nwambam Ekpegbe, bemoaned the irreparable loss done to his village, stressing that Ndiegede once had a boundary dispute with his people years back but had been settled and wondered why his innocent kinsman was attacked by the villagers. Chief Mbam Ekpem condemned the unusual action of the youths for raising arms against their neighbouring village over an issue already before the state government, and urged the governor, David Umahi to come to their rescue. DAILY POST gathered that the village heads of the two villages have been arrested and currently in detention. But when contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer of Ebonyi State police command, DSP Loveth Odah said she was not aware of the killing of the two persons. But confirmed that she was aware of one man that was reportedly declared missing in the said community, and was later found dead.