The House of Representatives has asked the Federal government to reverse its decision on the West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) examination. On Tuesday, the green chamber urged President Muhammadu Buhari to direct the ministry of Education to put in place all the necessary safety measures which will allow the students to participate in the annual examination. The resolution followed a motion of urgent public importance moved by Nnoli Nnaji on the need to allow students to participate in the 2020 examination which was rescheduled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Nnaji explained that the Minister of State (Education), Emeka Nwajubia announced on the 6th of July that Nigeria will participate in the 2020 Senior Secondary School Examination (SSCE), adding that the decision was countered by another announcement by the minister of Education, Adamu Adamu that Federal government-owned schools will not participate in the annual examination. Nnaji described the two announcements as confusing, adding that non-participation will have a negative impact on the students. He said that WAEC picked the new examination date, scheduled for 3rd August to 5th of September, 2020 after consultation with health experts and the 5 governments in the council. “The choice of the date was not arbitrary, rather, WAEC consulted extensively with the government of all 5 countries that makes up the council.” “I am worried by these contradictory pronouncements by the two Ministers within a short period of time. I’m worried that Nigeria’s non participation in the annual exam portends psychological, social-economic and negative health of the students, and already overburdened parents and guardians. “The decision will be devastating on our education system and Nigeria’s economy at large. It will also frustrate the students. “By taking precautionary measures, the federal government reopened the market, airports, inter-state travel and religious centres. The government should apply the same measures.” The motion was adopted without debate by the members of the House and directed the House committees on basic Education and health services, legislative compliance to ensure compliance.