Big Brother on Wednesday sent out BBNaija female housemate, Tolanibaj from the diary room. She was sent out because she wore a bum short and a spaghetti top for her diary session. This did not go down well with BBNaija fans who took to Twitter, commenting on Biggie’s action towards Tolanibaj. Some are of the opinion that the organisers of BBNaija were being careful due to the calls for the show to be banned. Biggie also told Kiddwaya to leave the diary room yesterday because he wore a sleeveless top. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Sas_jeff “ I seriously can’t see anything wrong with what Tolanibaj wore..Mercy wore things worse than that last season.” @Winnie663 “I understand what Biggie is doing. The same reason Kayode has been changing our camera from more sensitive contents. It seems Lai Muhammad and NBC are after them.” @M_jayslim “Enters Tolanibaj into the diary room wearing spaghetti top and bum shorts, feeling fly. Biggie: Tolanibaj leave the diary room and wear something more appropriate. “No weapon formed against big brother will prosper! @CodenameKrisstie “ Big Brother asked TolaniBaj to leave the diary room and change into something more appropriate. Biggie what is wrong with what Tolani is wearing? Since when did you turn to deeper life or is the show not rated 18 again? @Callme_Riken “ Because it is big brother show doesn’t mean housemates shouldn’t dress well.” @Hardeshinaisma1 “He who pays the piper dictates the tune, you put your money where your mouth is, she signed up for the show, so she abides by Biggie’s rules, however, and whenever. The show rated 18 doesn’t mean they can’t be called to order.” @Whoknwstmrw “ This Biggie is no-nonsense O.. Asking Tolani Baj out of the Diary room to go and dress properly.” @FaithNduka “ The diary room is like the only official place in big brother. You can’t come in there looking casual.” @Pchinox “This is so embarrassing, Biggie must be stupid. He rated the show 18 and now he’s making it look like it a kids show.” @FantasticoDon “ I really think the ideology of the show has changed due to the lockdown.” VIDEO: Biggy walks #TolaniBaj out of Diary Room… I think it’s about doing the right thing #BigBrotherNaijaLockdown2020 #BBNaijaLockdown #bbnaija2020 pic.twitter.com/NrL4ozX59P — Nwachukwu John Owen (@johnowen99) July 29, 2020