Another prominent traditional ruler has died in Ogun State, making it four in a week, DAILY POST reports. The monarch is the Obaladi of Afon land, Oba Busari Adetona. Afon is in Imeko-Afon Local Government Area of Ogun State. Oba Adetona was reported to have died on Friday, barely 24 hours after the demise of the Olu of Imasayi, Oba Gbadebo Oni. DAILY POST reported yesterday that three Obas died in the state within one week, between Saturday, July 4 and Thursday, July 9. With the demise of Obaladi of Afon, it means Ogun has lost four monarchs in the same week. A son of the late Obaladi, Prince Adewale Adetona announced the death of his father on his Facebook page. Prince Adewale said: “So painful! What a great loss! My Dad (is) gone, Obaladi of Afon land, Oba B.A. A. Adetona… R.I.P” No details were given about the cause of the monarch’s death. DAILY POST reports that the late Obaladi ascended the throne in August 2008. He celebrated his 10th coronation anniversary on August 18, 2018 in an elaborate event attended by many dignitaries. The deceased Obaladi of Afon died at the age of 62. Meanwhile, the Ogun State Governorship candidate of the Allied People’s Movement (APM), Hon. Adekunle Akinlade has reacted to the death of the late monarch. Akinlade, in a statement on Saturday, said: ”While we are yet to bear the loss of Olu – Imasayi who joined his ancestors two days ago, we were hit by the sad news of the demise of another revered leader in Yewa land – Oba Busari Adelere Adetona (Orimadegun III), the Obaladi of Afon. “It is sad that Oba Busari Adelere left the world when his experience, advocacy, vibrancy and sincere leadership are most required for the actualization of Ogun West agenda. “Orimadegun III lived a fruitful life which is worthy of emulation. Though he submitted to the cold hands of death at 62, yet his legacies are obvious; especially with the peaceful and unprecedented progress the Afon kingdom witnessed under his watch. “I pray the Almighty God grant him eternal rest, provide succour and comfort to his family, the good people of Afon, Yewa land and all Ogun Westerners.”