An okada rider, who was one of those protesting the sudden increase in cost payable for daily tickets has reportedly been killed by the police from Adigboluja police station, Ojodu, Berger area of Ogun State. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Abimbola Oyeyemi, confirmed the incident. DAILY POST gathered that three other commercial motorcyclists were injured as police allegedly shot sporadically to disperse the protesting riders. It was gathered that an okada union known as Riders and Owners of Motorcycle Organisation (ROMO), had, with the permission of the Ogun State government increased the cost of tickets from N400 to N500. Not satisfied, the riders, on Wednesday, took to the street to kick against the sudden increase. An eyewitness account has it that efforts to stop the protest led to a clash and policemen were involved to send away the bike riders; a situation that led to a sporadic shooting which eventually killed one of the protesters. Some of the motorcyclists alleged that about 100 bikes were taken away by the police to their station; saying their members who later went there were sprayed with teargas and beaten by the policemen. But the PPRO, Oyeyemi said the police only shot at some hoodlums who attacked the police station, not Okada riders. According to him, the crisis arose between members of the union and the riders, adding that the police went to the scene to restore normalcy. Getting there, Oyeyemi said one of the riders overpowered a police officer and snatched his rifle. In order to disarm him, he noted that the police had no other option than to shoot to the air to disperse the angry crowd. He confirmed that one of them was hit with a stray bullet and was rushed to the hospital, where he unfortunately died. “The police did not shoot any Okada riders. But some hoodlums who attacked our station at Ojodu with a gallon of petrol with a threat to burn down the station were resisted,” he said. He added that the police had no business in the protest; noting that it was between Okada riders and the union. “Police were just there to make peace. They came to the station to destroy. Do we have to wait until when they burn the police station down,” he asked?