Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers: 1. The Nigerian government has announced dates for resumption of domestic flights in the country. The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, on Wednesday said Abuja and Lagos airports will reopen on Wednesday, July 8, while those in Kano, Port Harcourt, Maiduguri and Owerri will resume operations three days after. 2. The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) has increased the pump price of petrol to N140.80/143.80 per litre from N121.50 per litre. PPPRA announced the new retail price band to marketers in a circular dated July 1, 2020. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has named Debo Adesina, ex-Minister of State for defense, Ademola Seriki, Dare Sunday Awaoniyi, others as nominees in a 41-man non-career and career ambassadors list. President of the Senate, Ahmed Lawan read the President’s letter of request on the floor of the Senate at plenary on Wednesday. 4. Governor Babagana Zulum’s Chief of Staff, Babagana Wakil is dead. Spokesperson to the Governor of Borno States, Isa Gusau, who made this known in a statement on Wednesday afternoon, said that Wakil died on Wednesday morning, adding that details of his death were yet undisclosed. 5. Armed men on Wednesday attacked the Federal Medical Centre (FMC) in Lokoja, Kogi State, disrupting a COVID-19 press briefing. Reports said on arrival, the gunmen shot sporadically and assaulted anyone in sight. 6. Delta Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa, and his wife have tested positive for coronavirus. Okowa, who made the announcement Wednesday on Twitter, said they are well and continuing with their isolation/medication. 7. The Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom, has approved the partial reopening of schools in the state. The state Commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism, Mrs Ngunan Adingi disclosed that only graduating classes would be allowed to reopen in the state. 8. Nigeria on Wednesday, recorded a total of 790 new cases of coronavirus. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, which announced the figure late Wednesday, said Delta State recorded 166 cases, while Lagos State followed with 120 cases. 9. About 30 prominent Nigerians have formed a new political movement in the country known as National Consultative Front. Some of the members include: a former Speaker of the House of Representatives, Ghali Na’abba; a prominent lawyer, Olisa Agbakoba; human rights lawyer, Femi Falana; ex-deputy governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Obadiah Mailafia, and former Education Minister, Oby Ezekwesili. 10. The Taraba State Independent Electoral Commission (TSIEC) has declared candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) winners of the sixteen local government councils of the state in the Tuesday, June 30, 2020 local council polls. Declaring the results of the local government election which was conducted on Tuesday, the chairman of the commission, Dr. Philip Duwe, said candidates of the PDP for chairmanship won all seats across the sixteen local government councils of the state.