Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers: 1. The Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Administration) of the Benue State University (BSU) and Vice Chairman of the State Action Committee on COVID-19, Prof. Godwin Achinge, is dead. Achinge died on Sunday afternoon in Jos, Plateau State due to complications arising from coronavirus. 2. A boat mishap Sunday afternoon claimed over 23 lives on River Benue at Kwaghter axis. Report said the boat was said to have had twenty-eight people on board conveying Christian faithful to an annual convention when it capsized, leaving many passengers dead. 3. The Nigerian Medical Association (NMA) Cross River State chapter has withdrawn its services from all medical facilities in the state. In a letter addressed to the Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, from the state chairman of the association, Agam Ayuk, on Sunday, the association claimed five positive cases had their tests done at an NCDC-approved laboratory, but their results were not published in the agency’s situation report. 4. A total of 544 new cases of coronavirus infections have been recorded in Nigeria. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, which announced the figure on Sunday, said Lagos State recorded the highest figure of 199 cases, while Ebonyi State followed with 65 cases. 5. The Federal Capital Territory Administration, FCTA, has released a list of testing centres in Abuja for coronavirus. FCTA in a post on its official Twitter handle on Sunday, listed seven hospitals where COVID-19 tests can be carried, which include Garki General hospital and Nyanya hospital. 6. The Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, NIDCOM, have announced that 238 Nigerians who were stranded in Turkey arrived have at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja. According to the commission, the returnees tested negative for COVID-19 but are expected to go on a 14-day isolation, in line with the guidelines set by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). 7. A former Secretary to the Enugu State Government, Prof Samson Ukpabi, is dead. Ukpabi died at the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, in Enugu after a brief illness on Sunday. 8. The West Africa Examination Council (WAEC) has debunked examination timetable circulating in Nigeria. WAEC said the timetable did not emanate from it. 9. The police have confirmed the abduction of Chairman of Delta chapter of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Mr. Goodluck Ofobruku, on Saturday night in Asaba. DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, the spokesperson of the State Police Command, who confirmed the incident to journalists on Sunday in Asaba, said that Ofobruku was a victim of armed robbery before he was kidnapped at gunpoint. 10. Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) has given President Muhammadu Buhari 14 days to direct the Attorney General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, and anti-corruption agencies, to probe an missing N300 billion public funds. The body based its demand on the 2017 audited report by the Auditor General of the Federation (AGF).