The CEO of Made Men Music Group (MMMG), Ubi Franklin who is an ex- husband to popular Nollywood actress, Lilian Esoro has revealed he attempted suicide multiple times three years ago. Ubi made this known in a series of tweet via his Twitter account on Wednesday while reacting to the heartbreaking video of Izuchukwu Madubueze reading his suicide note before shooting himself dead. According to him, online bullying made him to be depressed. He also added that he, “got bullied so much on Instagram in the last two years that he started getting depressed again.” He advised that people should stop taking their lives. adding that, “suicide is never an option” He said “I watched this video of IZU reading out his suicide note before he took his life and i remembered doing this several times 3 years ago unsuccessfully and I am here today. “I got bullied so much on Instagram in the last two years that I started getting depressed again and this time I told myself “Ubi” who are these people talking about you? Do you know them or their families? “Everyone has something they are hiding and won’t tell the public but go on social media to bully others of things that they also have done or their parents have or their brothers, sisters and friends have done. “Why bother your self with people who contribute nothing to your life? Are you the first to have a failed marriage? “Are you the first to have kids from 4 different women? Have your learnt from your past? Then came the big question, How can you do better ? “So I started using my platform to speak against the mistakes I have made in life that I feel can be avoided by someone watching my lives or reading about how I have turned my dark days into brighter/ beautiful days and letting people know the truth that is not always told on SM “Social media is full of controlled narratives, the things that don’t make social media that I know are many. “Do married men come on social media to say they have multiple girl friends? Or do married women come on social media to they have a side guy/guys? “Do all the Big girls on social media tell how they made their money to live the lives that you are depressed about? “Stop Bullying people on social media, it’s another Pandemic on its own. “You are not any perfect and you will never be, “When you see people’s struggles on social media and you judge them and then forgetting how horrible you are in your own controlled reality life and how you can’t even feed, how you sleep with married men to make money.”