A former Liverpool player, Mark Lawrenson, has predicted some of today’s Premier League fixtures. Manchester United will host Bournemouth at Old Trafford following a 3-0 victory against Brighton in their last encounter. Arsenal will face Wolves in an away Premier League clash after thrashing Norwich City 4-0 in their previous fixture. Chelsea will tackle Watford at Stamford Bridge after losing 3-2 to West Ham United in their last match. Providing his predictions, Lawrenson wrote in his column for BBC Sport: “I have heard some people lining Chelsea up for a go at the title next season but, defensively, I think they are well short of what is required to be contenders. “There is a lot of work to be done at the back, and they are going to have more hiccups like the one they had when they lost to West Ham in midweek. “I would still back Chelsea to beat Watford though because the Hornets have lost all of their momentum.” On Wolves vs Arsenal, Lawrenson said: “Arsenal have won three in a row in the league and FA Cup, but this will be a good indicator of where they are actually at because Wolves are one of the form teams in the Premier League at the moment. “After this, the Gunners play Leicester, and their north London rivals Tottenham, so it’s going to be a testing week for them, I just do not see them making a good start, I am afraid. “Wolves never concede many, do not change their formation, and everyone in their team knows their job. They are in a place where Arsenal would love to be.” Also, on Man United vs Bournemouth, Lawrenson said: “United are scoring for fun and tearing teams apart, they are probably the last side that Bournemouth wants to play at the moment. “I really fear for the Cherries [because] at the moment it looks like they are going down, it just feels like there is a pall of relegation hanging over the club and their performances at the moment are nowhere near good enough to change that.” The kick-off time for Man United vs Bournemouth is 3 pm, Wolves vs Arsenal is at 17:30, while that of Chelsea vs Watford is at 8 pm.