The Nigeria Police have cleared Nigerian singer and songwriter D’banj, of the rape allegations levelled against him by a twitter user, Miss Seyitan Babatayo. This was contained in a report signed by Umar Sanda, the Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) on behalf of Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Force Criminal Investigations Department, Force Headquarters, and obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), on Saturday. Recall that Seyitan had accused the singer of raping her in a hotel two years ago. It would be recalled that the allegation led to very strong social media controversies with several fans claiming the singer was innocent while others stood against those who believed Seyitan was telling the truth. D’banj had claimed that there was no truth in the allegation and blamed it on the handiwork of his enemies who he alleged were out to destroy his hard-earned reputation. The musician subsequently instituted an N1.5 Billion defamation lawsuit against Seyitan in spite of the support she got from prominent women rights groups. However, the report by the police investigation unit did not find any substantial evidence to prove that D’banj committed the act and that Seyitan had withdrawn the petition filed against D’banj. “This is a case of indecent assault on female, rape, intimidation and threat to life reported by Seyitan Babatayo through a petition letter dated June 5, 2020, by the Law firm of Ojoge, Omileye and Partners against Oladapo Daniel Oyebanjo a.k.a D’banj. “The petition is to the Inspector-General of Police which was endorsed to the Deputy Inspector-General of Police FCID for investigation and further referred to the ACP SEB/PEPF for investigation and report. “The fact of this case is that on Dec. 30, 2018, Mr Franklin Amudo who was a manager to the suspect invited the complainant Seyitan to an all-white party at Eko Atlantic in Lagos, where the suspect performed as a guest music artiste. “The complainant alleged that D’banj had sex with her against her wish, but in view of the foregoing facts, an investigation was discontinued as there was no substantial evidence to prove the allegation of rape against the suspect,” the report read in parts. D'banj rape saga: Seyitan reveals reason for withdrawing petition against artist 2020 in retrospect: Nine controversies, deaths in Entertainment Industry 65-year-old man allegedly rapes teenager in Kogi, says 'I want to marry her'