The Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, SOKAPU, has said that the area is presently under a genocidal campaign by Fulani militia who have become sacred cows with President Buhari and Governor Nasir el-Rufai, both Fulani, twisting the truth to say the Fulani are on reprisals. The Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, in a statement through its National Public Relations Officer, Luka Binniyat, refuted the presidential claim, saying it is untrue that the mass murder of the people is an outcome of clashes between criminal gangs. The group said the victims of the violence are not members of criminal gangs, but mostly kids, women and the aged.” The statement added, “The so-called formidable security arrangement he claimed to be in place in Southern Kaduna is at best, a ruse and a mirage, going by increasing casualties and the impunity of the Fulani armed men. “We are under a genocidal campaign by Fulani militia who have become sacred cows with President Buhari and Governor Nasir el-Rufai, both Fulani, twisting the truth to say the Fulani are on reprisals.” The Southern Kaduna people, therefore, called on the federal and Kaduna State governments to do the right things and stop the propaganda against the people in the area. The statement also enjoined the federal and Kaduna State governments to take necessary steps to ameliorate the suffering of the people and return lives to normalcy. The statement explained that this morning, (Saturday) around 6am, the grieving Fanstwam natives of Zipkak, a semi-urban town in Fanstwam Chiefdom, Jemaa local government area in Southern Kaduna, were once again forced to flee for their dear lives after armed Fulani militia sprang from nearby bushes and started shooting. It added that the youths of the community resisted the invaders and they fled back without any harm to the distraught natives who were grieving the killing of 10 members of the town slaine the previous evening. Recall that the militia had crept into the town around 7pm, on Friday yesterday, Friday, 24th July 2020 and rained bullets on the peaceful community. The statement said that though Zikpak is just about two kilometers from the heart of Kafanchan where there are presence of some soldiers, the violent group had a field day killing about 10 people and injuring about five people, besides looting and vandalising the town. The statement lamented that the governor of Kaduna State immediately imposed a 24-hour curfew over the entire Jema’a local government area, stressing that it was under the curfew that the Fulani militia returned to wreak more havoc until the valiant youths of the community, with very crude weapons, repelled the suspected Fulani militias. SOKAPU also noted that on Thursday, 23rd July 2020 at Agwala Magayaki of Doka Avong, Kajuru local government area, the suspected Fulani militia took advantage of the darkness and torrential rain and attacked the village for the second time in a month, leaving 6 persons dead and two fatally wounded. The statement then called on the International Community and all men and women of conscience to intervene in the suffering of the Southern Kaduna people who are under a pogrom that the state seems to be doing very little to stop.