Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, on Monday said the monstrous sleaze being revealed in the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, is just a tip of the iceberg of the stinking corruption and criminal racketeering in the APC administration led by President Muhammadu Buhari. PDP’s National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan said the shocking details of allegation by the former NDDC Managing Director, Joy Nunieh, of massive stealing allegedly spearheaded by the supervising Minister, Godswill Akpabio, have further exposed how ministries, agencies and departments are run under the Buhari-led government. 2. State Houses of Assembly Speakers from the nineteen northern states of the federation have decried the persistent insecurity bedeviling the region. They also lamented that the challenge of COVID-19, rape and domestic violence has brought too much grief to the north. The speakers under the aegis of Northern Speakers Forum were in Kaduna to brainstorm and proffer solutions to issues such as COVID-19, financial autonomy for state legislature and judiciary as well as the menace of rape and domestic violence in the region. 3. Some terrorists suspected to be factional fighters from the Islamic State of West African Province, ISWAP, on Monday afternoon, ambushed a convoy of military vehicles along the Maiduguri-Damaturu road. Travelers along the route said the incident occurred at about 3:00pm in Jakana village, leaving many casualties. A traveller said villagers in Jakana told them that only one of the vehicles in the military convoy managed to escape the ambush. 4. The founder of Divine Hand of God Prophetic Ministries International in Abuja, Emmanuel Omale, has threatened to file a suit against the News Agency of Nigeria, NAN, for reporting that he helped the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Ibrahim Magu, to acquire a property in Dubai. A letter by his lawyer, Gordy Uche (SAN), Omale described the report as malicious, derogatory and libelous. Omale denied owning any foreign bank account or property anywhere in the world. 5. Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Lt. Gen. TY Buratai has approved the reposting of senior Nigerian Army officers. The Army called it a routine exercise for greater professional effectiveness and efficiency. This coincides with Buratai’s fifth year in office. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the boards of Nigeria Liquified Natural Gas (NLNG) and Bonny Gas Transport Limited (BGT). A statement on Monday by Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, made the announcement. The new board of the NLNG will now be chaired by Edmund Daukoru. 7. One of the most prominent pastors of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, in the USA, Pastor Tola Odutola, has resigned from the Church. Pastor Odutola, who is the senior Pastor of Jesus House Baltimore, cited lack of care from the church in his 30 years of service. In a viral video, Pastor Odutola revealed he had served RCCG for 30 years without receiving anything in return. 8. Mrs.Joy Nunieh, a former Acting Managing Director of the Interim Management Committee of Niger Delta Development Commission, has said that she was the first and only woman to have slapped Senator Godswill Akpabio, the Minister of Niger Delta Affairs for his alleged attempt to harass her sexually. Mrs. Nunieh said this when she appeared on Arise TV on Monday. She also alleged that the headquarters of the NDDC is unconnected to public power supply because the “girlfriend” of the Niger Delta Minister, Godswill Akpabio, allegedly supplies diesel for generators. 9. The federal government has warned Nigerians to fully embrace the culture of virtual meetings. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, stated this while speaking at Monday’s briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 in Abuja. Mustapha advised government offices to utilize virtual options if participants exceed four persons and suspend all unnecessary travels. He also urged places of worship as well as politicians, to “cautiously” adhere to guidelines on public gatherings. 10. The Governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi has announced the immediate and indefinite suspension of both the state and local government Auditor-Generals for failure to perform their official duties efficiently. Umahi made this known in a statement signed and forwarded by the secretary to the state government and coordinating commissioner, Dr. Kenneth Ugbala. Mr. Innocent Nweda should hand over to the next most senior officer in rank in the state, while Dr. U.S.A. Udu should take charge of the Local Government Audit as Acting Auditor-General until further notice.