The All Progressives Congress (APC) has declared that the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) was jittery over the ongoing probe of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). Its National Publicity Secretary, Yekini Nabena, in a statement on Tuesday, hailed President Muhammadu Buhari for ordering a forensic audit. “Has the President Buhari administration demonstrated its zero-tolerance for corruption? An emphatic yes!”, he declared. The spokesman said the PDP has no interest in Buhari’s moves to reposition the NDDC. ”One thing is clear, no vested interest will continue to turn the NDDC into an Automatic Teller Machine (ATM) while multi-faceted development eludes the Niger Delta region.” Nabena noted that the opposition party is “dead-scared of the outcome of 2001 to 2019 forensic audit and legislative inquests of the NDDC operations”. APC accused the PDP of doing everything to sabotage and frustrate the audits. The platform said it would not trade words on how successive PDP administrations and their cronies institutionalized a culture of contract fraud and other corrupt practices. Nabena urged Nigerians to support the forensic audit of the 19 years of the NDDC, which includes the first 4 years of the Buhari administration. APC called on all institutions of government to continue to entrench transparency and accountability. The ruling party assured that Buhari means well for the Niger Delta, adding that the audit must be seen as a decisive move to clear any stumbling block undermining the development of the region. “The administration’s fight against corruption is total, unsparing and there are no sacred cows. Public records show that officials of past administrations, members of the opposition, APC, cabinet members, appointees, private sector among others have been given ample opportunity by this administration to defend corruption allegations when they arise. “The PDP’s tales of “unbridled treasury looting”, Illusionary fraud and other fictitious allegations are part of their tired, baseless and tactless attempts to get public reckoning, cover past fraud and play the role of opposition which it has shockingly failed at,” the statement added.
—