by Obiweluozo Martins Chelsea will lock horns with Manchester United in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley on Sunday, hoping to reach a third FA Cup final in the last four years. The Londoners are locked up in an intriguing top four race in the Premier League and this also includes rivals and Sunday’s FA Cup foes, Manchester United. However, all that could be on hold as they focus on the Cup Competition in what could be a rematch of the ‘2018 and 2007′ final. However, the Blues won on both occasions and this could fuel some form of vengeance from the Red Devils side coupled with their decent run of form since the restart of the Premier League campaign. Chelsea would be in a confident mood prior to this match not minding their unconvincing 1-0 win over the relegated Norwich City on Tuesday night. Here, DAILY POST takes a look at how Chelsea’s and legendary midfielder, Frank Lampard could set up his side for the Wembley Showdown. Unavailable; N’Golo Kante (hamstring), Billy Gilmour (knee), Marco Van Ginkel (knee). Absentee; None for Chelsea. Frank Lampard could have less reason to rest players compared to his FA Cup counterparts in Manchester United since they had enough time to recover after the Premier League match in midweek. However, the Blues boss will have one eye on the teams’ last two games in the Premier League which are against already known Champions Liverpool and the European aspirants, Wolverhampton Wanderers. On this stance, personnel changes beckons on Chelsea irrespective of the significance of this match. The likes of Tammy Abraham, Mason Mount and Callum Hudson-Odoi would be pushing for a starting berth prior to the United game. English star, Ross Barkley was the architect of Chelsea’s quarter-final progress and it was his third FA Cup goal of the season that earned the Blues a 0-1 win against Leicester City. He could be handed a spot in Chelsea’s starting eleven (11). Italy’s Jorginho could start in the holding midfield position once again owing to the unavailability of youngster, Billy Gilmour and Frenchman N’Golo
Kante. Fikayo Tomori has returned to fitness and this could sway Frank Lampard to name a completely different backline for this match. Here, Reece James, Andreas Christensen and Emerson Palmieri should aim to start for Chelsea. Second-choice goalkeeper, Willy Caballero is expected to start in the stead of usual suspect, Kepa Arrizabalaga in goal for Chelsea as they do battle with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s Manchester United in the FA Cup tie at Wembley Stadium. Chelsea vs. Manchester United; How Chelsea could line up in a reformed 4-3-3 formation structure. Willy Caballero; Reece James, Fikayo Tomori, Andreas Christensen, Emerson Palmieri; Jorginho, Mason Mount, Ross Barkley; Ruben Loftus Cheek, Tammy Abraham, Callum Hudson-Odoi.