The Nigeria Police have smashed a gang of armed robbers and kidnappers. The Kano State Command of the Police arrested the alleged armed robbery and kidnapping kingpin alongside his mother and elder brother, who were alleged to be conniving with him in their dastardly acts. The suspect Ibrahim Isiyaku, a 35-year-old resident of Rantan Village in Bebeji Local Government Area and members of his criminal gang were arrested last week. The kingpin, his mother and elder brother were paraded at the Kano State Police Headquarters in Bompai, over their alleged conspiracy in carrying out series of criminal activities bordering on armed robbery and kidnapping that took place in parts of Kano and neighboring states. The State Commissioner of Police, Habu Sani, who narrated how the criminal gang was smashed by his officers and men attached to operation Puff Adder said “on 4th of July 2020 at about 6pm a complaint was received from one Abdullahi Isa “m” of Rantan village in Bebeji Local Government Area, Kano State, that on 2nd July 2020 at about 11pm unknown armed robbers attacked him at his residence and robbed him of the sum of N400, 000.” Habu further disclosed that the police responded by dispatching a team of police officers with orders to crack the crime, explaining that armed with adequate information and routine surveillance, the police apprehended one Ibrahim Isiyaku, 35 years old, a.k.a Kawu, alongside his elder brother, Ahmadu Isiyaku, 45 years old, a.k.a Shiddi and their 60 years old mother named Aisha Isiyaku. The police boss further revealed that police operatives proceeded to conduct a discreet search at the abode of the suspects, noting that the exhibits recovered from their residence included 2 AK 47 rifles, 2 magazines containing 41 rounds of 7.62mm live ammunition, one single barrel gun with live cartridges, a set of suspected army camouflage uniform, one operational jacket, all concealed inside a bag belonging to the mother of the suspects. CP Habu stated that further investigations culminated into the arrest of another member of the gang, Abdulkadir Musa, 40 years old, a resident of Mariya village in Tudun Wada local government, Kano state. He said the police also recovered exhibits from Abdulkadir, consisting one locally-made double barrel gun and one live cartridge, adding that investigations into the activities of the criminal have been widened, explaining that the sibling of the victim of the robbery attack, Shehu Isah is also in police net. Habu added that police investigations exposed that the gang was responsible for the alleged killing of a police sergeant, late Mohammed Ibrahim, who was shot by some bandits while he was on duty at the residence of the chairman of Birniwa Local Government in Jigawa State. He further stated that an AK-47 rifle that was carted away, after the police sergeant was shot to death was found in the possession of one of the members of the criminal gang. The Public Relations Officer of the state command, Abdullahi Harun Kiyawa, said the suspects would be charged to court on completion of investigations.