Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) says 829 COVID-19 patients were discharged on Monday. The NCDC in a tweet via its Twitter account said the number was the highest in one day since the index case was reported on Feb. 27. 2. The Nigerian High Commission in the UK has announced the closure of Air Peace Evacuation flights from that country scheduled for August 8, as all seats on the aircraft are fully booked. The High Commission advised prospective evacuees, who are yet to make payment not to do so, as necessary arrangements are being made for alternative flights. 3. The Federal Government says it has so far spent N15.8 billion on hazard allowances in its teaching hospitals and medical centres across the country. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Sen. Chris Ngige, stated this in Abuja while addressing journalists at a meeting with the National Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) leadership on Monday. 4. The Federal Government has lifted the ban placed on the private airline, Executive Jet Services, which flew musician, Azeez Fashola, aka Naira Marley, to Abuja to attend a concert in June. However, the Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, on Monday during a presidential Task Force briefing said the ban has been lifted. 5. The Federal Ministry of Education on Monday announced that secondary school for exit classes will resume on August 4th. The ministry’s Director Press and Public Relation, Ben Ben Goong, said the decision was reached at a virtual consultative meeting between the Federal Ministry of Education of the 36 states, the Nigerians union of Teachers, NUT, the proprietors of private schools and the Chief Executive of examination bodies. 6. The Nigerian government on Monday extended the second phase of the COVID-19 eased lockdown by another one week. The Secretary to the Government of the Federation, SGF, Boss Mustapha, who announced the extension during the daily briefing of the Presidential Taskforce on COVID-19 in Abuja on Monday, explained that the extension became necessary as the end of phase two coincides with Eid-el-Kabir celebrations. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has named some train stations in the country after Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, and Bola Tinubu, the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC. The Apapa train station was named after Tinubu, while the Agege station was conferred on Fashola. Also, Lateef Jakande (Agbado station), Osinbajo (Kajola station), and Funmilayo Ransome-Kuti (Papalanto station). 8. A chieftain of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Bauchi State, Mallam Bibi Dogo, has asked the leadership of the House of Representatives to declare the Bogoro/Dass/Tafawa Balewa Federal Constituency seat vacant following the defection of former Speaker of the House, Yakubu Dogara, from PDP to the All Progressives Congress (APC). The PDP chieftain stated that the people of Bogoro, Dass and Tafawa Balewa federal constituency who elected Dogara on the platform of PDP were no longer comfortable being “totally eclipsed” in the House. 9. The Federal Government says it has so far crossed the quarter-million mark with the testing of 262,579 Nigerians for COVID-19 in the last five months. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, said this on Monday, in Abuja at the 53rd national briefing of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. 10. The Lagos State Emergency Management Agency, LASEMA, has said that a man lost his life while three adults were injured in a gas explosion which took place at Palmgroove Estate, Lagos. The LASEMA Director-General, Dr. Olufemi Oke-Osanyintolu, who confirmed the accident on Monday, said that the three injured people had been hospitalized.