Justice Aminat Ishaq of a Kwara State High Court sitting in Ilorin, has sentenced two armed robbers to death by hanging. Adeyemi Aderinkomi and Timothy Ajayi were found guilty of conspiracy, culpable homicide and armed robbery. The two convicts according to the court, killed Mr and Mrs Michael Signed of Fate quarters in Ilorin, the state capital in December 2016. According to the court, they allegedly tied the victims hands with ropes, and dumped them inside a well. The convicts then made away with the victims’ car, money, clothes and other valuables after murdering them. DAILY POST reports that a family member of the deceased couple, Bernard John had on December 21, 2016, reported at the ‘F’ Division of the Nigeria police, Tanke, Ilorin, that he visited the house of the deceased to convey him to work but they were nowhere to be found. Acting on Bernard John’s report, police detectives swung into action, visited the house and found blood stains in the room of the couple. A former Police Commissioner in the state, Mr Olusola Amore revealed that a search in the compound led the police detectives to where the bodies of the deceased couple were found in a well within the premises and recovered. He said, ”Investigation led to the arrest of the convicts who were the masterminds of the crime. “They confessed to the crime. Ajayi also confessed to raping the woman before killing her and the husband, carting away their property, which included one Toyota Camry car, and two mobile phones among others.” “They also confessed to have dumped the victims in the well to prevent being caught,” Amore added. The suspects sold some of the stolen items to Akingbade Ademila and Toyose Alade who were arrested and exhibits recovered while “they set the Toyota Camry car ablaze in a bid to cover their tracks,” he stated. Ajayi who claimed to be a teacher, had disclosed that he turned an armed robber because of financial problem, adding that ” I regret it. I have only tried to dupe one person, but I was not successful. I am a teacher.” His partner in crime, Adeyemi said, “The couple did not offend them, but that they robbed the family after they got information that they were in possession of important documents.”