The crisis rocking the ruling All Progressives Congress APC in Niger State took a twist that resulted in the removal of the party Chairman, Engr. Jibrin Imam. Imam was sacked alongside two other executive members by a faction within the APC fold. They include the Secretary of the party, Alhaji Mohammed Liman and Treasurer, Dr. Shafi Abdulsalami. Reacting to his removal, the embattled state APC chairman, Engr. Imam described the move as a joker, arguing that those behind the act have no legal right to take such actions. DAILY POST reliably gathered that the decision to sack the three executives was allegedly taken by 22 state chairmen, 25 secretaries 27 out of the 33 member State Executive Committee, presided over by the state Deputy Chairman of the party, Alh. Ali Kapenter, where they passed a vote of no confidence on the sacked members. However, the leader of the party in the state, Governor Abubakar Sani Bello was not present at the meeting as he is part of the party’s reconciliation committee for Edo State. The party members, it was further gathered, accused the sacked executives of alleged misappropriation of funds to the tune of over N872m between 2014 and 2019. Confirming the development, a zonal youth leader Zone A who was in attendance, Alhaji Ibrahim Muazu said the decision taken by the members is backed by the national headquarters of the party which directed all states with crisis to go and resolve their disputes internally. But, when contacted, the embattled chairman said he still remained the state party Chairman, insisting that the meeting held was illegal. Imam added, “, they don’t have any constitutional right to summon such a meeting, I am the person allowed by law to call any meeting.” The meeting replaced the chairman, Alh. Jibrin Imam with Alhaji Aliyu Saidu Galkogo from Shiroro council, the Secretary, Alh. Mohammed Liman with Sulaiman Abdullahi, Assistant State Youth leader, while the Treasurer, Dr Shafi Abdusalami with Saidu Madaki from the Wushishi council.