The Taraba State Independent Electoral Commission (TSIEC) has declared candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) winners of the sixteen local government councils of the state in the Tuesday, June 30, 2020 local council polls. Declaring the results of the local government election which, was conducted on Tuesday, the chairman of the commission, Dr. Philip Duwe, said candidates of the PDP for chairmanship won all seats across the sixteen local government councils of the state. Duwe said though the results for the 168 councilors in the state were earlier announced at the ward levels immediately after the elections on Tuesday, the commission was yet to compile the accurate results for the councilors, which he said would be announced shortly. He urged those who lost in the polls to accept defeat and agree that leadership comes from God. Earlier on Tuesday in Takum, Governor Darius Ishaku of Taraba state shortly after casting his vote for the council election describe the election process as peaceful, transparent and impressive. The governor, who cast his ballots at Kurupanti polling unit Gutu ward Takum alongside his wife, Ann Ishaku, expressed happiness over the peaceful exercise. “Before coming to my polling unit, I have gone to observe other polling units and I can tell you that the process is peaceful and transparent, I have also heard from my deputy who is voting at Gassol LGA and he said everything is going on peaceful and other places have also reported peaceful conduct of the exercise so I can tell you it is all peaceful.” Contrary to the insinuation that council executives were imposed on the people against their choice by the government, the governor stressed that the selection process of the party’s flagbearers was transparent and consensus was reached even at the primaries to avoid crisis. “I am the Father of democracy I can never allow the imposition of candidates against the will of the people, that is why right at the primaries we decided to go by consensus so as to avoid crisis and the people decided who should represent them.”