A former Special Adviser to the Bayelsa State Government and Chieftain of the All Progressive Congress (APC) in the state, Perekeme Kpodoh, has criticised the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Chief Timipre Sylva, over alleged move to divide the people of Ekeremor. Kpodoh, have also warned the minister to desist from fanning the embers of violence and bloodshed among the people of Ekeremor and Sagbama over the agreement on Zoning Formula to be adopted for the vacant Bayelsa West Senatorial District of the State. In a statement, signed and issued to DAILY POST by Kpodoh, said, though the political leaders from Ekeremor and Sagbama in Bayelsa West have met and decided on the zoning of the vacant seat to Sagbama, the recent threats against some prominent politicians from Sagbama and Ekeremor Local government areas by the faction of APC loyal to Timipre Sylva is a clear attempt to promote violent division among the Bayelsa West people. Chief Kpodoh, who is from Sagbama Local Government Area, said every attempt by Sylva to divide the people of Ekeremor and Sagbama will fail as the cordial relationship among the people of Bayelsa West Senatorial West was intact before the creation of Bayelsa and the APC. He said “Threats of expulsion by Sylva’s faction against the Former Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Senator Heineken Lokpobiri and others is a clear show of weakness and show of low esteem against the will of the people” “Is that how a leader behaves? He is always finding ways to divide the people. See what happened in Nembe and Brass areas during the last elections. Brothers were instigated to take up arms against one another due to election. Many were killed and others not accounted for. Even at that, only his area of Brass and Nembe dominated his appointments as a Federal Minister” “While we are at peace with one another in Ekeremor and Sagbama areas, Sylva should stop instigating some disgruntled politicians to cause disaffection in our Area. The question they should be asking Sylva and his cohorts is what has been their benefits since he is the leader of the APC and Minister.? Chief Kpodoh urged the people of Ekeremor and Sagbama local government councils to shun those behind the ongoing campaign of calumny to instigate violent disagreement over the agreed zoning arrangement that had promoted peaceful co-existence among the people of the area. He noted that the zoning arrangement between Ekeremor and Sagbama has been in place before the formation of the APC. And that it has rotated peacefully without bloodshed or acrimony.