The House of Representatives has pledged to make laws that would cushion the effects of COVID-19 on Nigerians. Speaker Femi Gbajabimila spoke on Saturday in Abuja at a retreat on the Revised Legislative Agenda entitled ‘Our Contract With Nigerians’. It narrows down legislative actions to health, education, security, agriculture and the economy, NAN reports. Gbajabimila said the lawmakers were devising ways to ensure Nigerians survive the global shock caused by coronavirus. He recalled that the House earlier adopted a Legislative Agenda that was ambitious in scope and innovative in purpose. “However, in all our planning and imagining, we did not know that the world will soon change drastically, in ways that we could not then conceive and with consequences beyond our wildest imagination,” he said. He noted that in view of the new realities, the question became how to achieve ambitions in a world where the uncertainty pervades. The Speaker said the updated Legislative Agenda sets out the new priorities of the Green Chamber and a plan of action over the next year, and for the rest of the 9th House. Gbajabiamila explained that the document was called a contract “because that is what it is; a written account of what we owe the people and how we intend to meet our obligations within the shortest possible time”. He added the documents represent lawmakers’ intention to be held accountable “based on what we have freely committed to achieving, which I am confident that we will realise to the glory of God and the edification of our people”. Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, said the new Agenda comes at a time when the world is facing a life-threatening emergency. The Chairman, Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, stressed that a lot needed to be done to reposition the health sector. “It all depends on the legislations from the National Assembly”, he said. The SGF commended the relationship between the parliament and the executive, saying that it had made good governance possible. House Reps refute reports that 50 lawmakers tested positive for COVID-19 Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Wednesday morning Senate President, Ahmed Lawan’s 2021 message to Nigerians Gov Ikpeazu holds COVID-19 survival thanksgiving, appreciates God for healing Reps ask Nigerian govt to reverse decision on WAEC Reps to embark on summer holiday