Peace Corps of Nigeria (PCN), a youth-based organization, has called on Nigerians to adhere strictly to the guidelines of the Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) on the dreaded COVID-19 pandemic. National Commandant of the Corps, Dr. Dickson Akoh, gave the advice at the weekend, during PCN’s 22nd anniversary celebrations, held at Ugboju, Benue State. Akoh expressed delight that the PCN he started in 1998 as a tiny ember of his imagination, had blossomed into a colossus with more than 187,000 youths, comprising regular members and volunteers. “The Peace Corps of Nigeria, therefore, is of the most considered view that policymakers, security agencies, frontline health workers and the entire citizenry must be closely-knit in a shared understanding and struggle against this invisible enemy called COVID-19. “This is the only way we can change the narrative, in addition to keeping safe and taking necessary precautions against the insidious virus. We can achieve victory against COVID-19 by dutifully observing government’s protocol towards combating its further spread”, Akoh stated. He further said the Corps had a well-structured network of branches in the 36 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). In their respective remarks, Honorable Ministers for Special Duties and Intergovernmental Affairs, Senator George Akume and that of Women Affairs and Social Development, Dame Pauline Talen, speaking through their respective representatives, extolled the contributions of PCN to national growth, peace and development. They particularly lauded the collaborative effort of the Corps officers in enforcing the national lockdown order by the federal government, calling on the National Assembly to expedite actions in passing the Nigerian Peace Corps Bill. President of Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Prof. Innocent Ujah, who delivered a keynote address, appreciated the PCN for her patriotism in sensitizing the populace on the dangers of COVID-19 and need to adhere to NCDC protocols.