The National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Uche Secondus, has told President Muhammadu Buhari to create a level-playing field during the governorship election in Edo state. He spoke on Tuesday at the inauguration of the party’s campaign council for the September 19, 2020 poll. Secondus said the election has been made easy, going by the records of Governor Godwin Obaseki and his deputy, Philip Shuiabu. In his speech, the chairman reminded Buhari that under President Goodluck Jonathan “in a ruling party, Comrade Adams Oshiohmole won election twice as opposition because of the transparency of the time”. “As we go into this election in the same Edo, our citizens are in shock as the country continues to slide dangerously into one crisis or the other”. He urged Buhari to rise to the challenge of leadership and defend Nigeria’s Unity by conducting a free, fair and credible election in Edo state. Secondus advised the federal government to “stop the use of military and other security operatives in abuse of electoral rules.” The political leader said a free and fair election in Edo will not only stabilize the country politically, it would avert “an impending doom that could make the doomsday prediction about Nigeria’s disintegration come true, God forbid”. Secondus urged the campaign team to ensure that the electoral desires of the people of Edo state are realized. He added that the heightened tension in Edo was because APC had nothing to offer to get the votes of Nigerians and “are resorting to all devious means to undermine the democratic process”. “APC might be standing on the excitement of its previous rigged elections in Osun, Ekiti, Kano and Kogi states in the past and think that their victory at the tribunal legitimizes their underhand act, but they forget to put into consideration the anger of God and the people to evil doers who refuse to change.” The PDP chairman charged Nigerians, particularly Edo people to rise and defend their votes on election day.