The Chairman of the Caretaker committee of Jigawa State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Hon. Umar Mungadi said he has been detailed by the PDP to reconcile the party with former governor Sule Lamido. He said the message taken to the former governor who was aggrieved over the process that led to the composition of the state executive of the party, was to apologise to him. According to him, the party had cognizance of Lamido’s contribution to the party and as such, they have to visit him to discuss and not only to apologize but to seek his advice on the way forward. “The party will apologize to Alhaji Sule Lamido, a leader and a former governor over when he was undermined in the course of the party’s activities. It would be recalled that the National Working Committee of the party had set up a caretaker committee after the expiration of the tenure of the former state working committee to coordinate the party’s affairs in the state. In a statement he personally signed and sent to DAILY POST in Abuja, Mungadi said, he was optimistic that Lamido would forgive and advise how the party should be run in the state, saying, “Everybody in Nigeria knows who Lamido is to the party. Lamido is PDP and PDP is Lamido.” Meanwhile, the former Governor of Jigawa State Alhaji Sule Lamido took exception to some decisions by the national headquarters of the party in his state without his contribution. Lamido spoke at his Sharada office in Kano when the State caretaker committee paid him a courtesy visit. He said PDP is an Institution and not individual. He indicated that the national party chairmen have come and gone but the PDP is still standing as a political Institution. He, however, decried a situation whereby rumours and propaganda were peddled around, yet not even the National Chairman, Uche Secondus could reach out to him, not even any leadership of the party. “All they were doing was listening to hearsay and busy taking decisions on behalf of Jigawa PDP without consulting him.” He indicated that the PDP leadership sent down a caretaker committee to his state without his knowledge and so many other decisions were taken. “I am not bordered as I am busy having a sound sleep and rest in my house. They don’t need to send people to apologise to me.”