The Council of Yoruba Youth Assembly has strongly warmed military personnel of the southwest extraction not to indulge in any unlawful act that is capable of causing unrest and chaos in the nation. It said that a call for mutiny or coup by some persons in Nigerian Armed Forces is not a Yoruba agenda. The assembly also urged other security agencies to continue to give in their best in service to Nigeria, and by all means necessary and possible should not allow themselves to be used by agents of destabilization to destroy the country. The President, Council of Yoruba Youth Assembly, Aare Kayode Adejare gave the warning in a statement on Thursday. He said, “The call for mutiny/coup in the Nigerian Armed Forces is not by any means a Yoruba agenda because we are aware of the high representations and contributions of the sons and daughters of Oduduwa enlisted in the Armed Forces. “Their contributions have been invaluable as evident in the strategic positions they occupy in the Nigerian Armed Forces, such as the Chief of Defense Staff, General Abayomi Olonishakin and others too numerous to mention. “We wish to state that the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria is headed by a son of Oduduwa, who has continued to do the country proud through his tireless efforts at coordinating the affairs of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “We are consequently urging other security agencies to continue to give in their best in service to Nigeria, and by all means necessary and possible should not allow themselves to be used by agents of destabilization to destroy the country,” the statement read in part. The Council of Yoruba Youth Assembly also wishes to warn sons and daughters of Oduduwa that voluntarily enlisted in the armed forces to ensure that they do not get entangled with those plotting for a coup against our democracy, either by commission or omission. “It would be an absurdity for any son or daughter of Oduduwa to be associated with such despicable calls in Nigeria today considering the sacrifices of the South-Western region of Nigeria towards the survival of democracy in Nigeria. And as such their loyalty must remain to the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria,” it added.