Nigerian music producer, Michael Collins, also known as Don Jazzy has reacted to the ongoing probe of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). DAILY POST had reported that Senator Godswill Akpabio, the minister for Niger Delta Affairs while being grilled over NDDC finances alleged that 60percent of contracts were awarded to lawmakers. He, however, recanted his allegations on Friday in a letter to the investigative panel. Reacting, the Mavin boss took to his Instagram account on Friday, saying a great opportunity for the Niger Delta region to become a model for the entire nation was wasted by a few selfish people. According to him, Corruption has now become so endemic in Nigeria that huge public funds are pilfered with reckless abandon. He also wondered if Ken Saro-Wiwa who lost his life for the region’s cause would be proud of how things turned around. He said “I have read through to know the Senate’s resolution on the NDDC probe in the National assembly and so many things come to mind. “NDDC’s birth in 2000 during former President Obasanjo’s regime was supposed to right the wrongs made under OMPADEC in the 90s but unfortunately we are still here digging the hole we found ourselves in after two decades. “Corruption has now become so endemic in our nation that people loot huge public funds with reckless abandon. “We are always quick to blame the elite and the government for the sorry and pitiful state of the country while so many of us are patiently waiting for our turns to be in public positions and so we become rogues too. “Let’s be clear here, this is almost 20 years of NDDC having many key grassroots’ actors from the Niger Delta region who would supposedly understand the plight of the people. “A very great opportunity for this particular region to be a model for the entire nation was wasted by a few selfish people whose evil intention was to convert Nigerians’ patrimony to their personal wealth. “We keep talking about unimplemented and abandoned projects by unidentified contractors that were not rightly procured. “Are our consciences so untouched that we continue to thread this disastrous path even with the rise in poverty level and the dearth of infrastructure across the country. “How would future generations of Nigerians feel when they read this history of unabated rot? “It’s so unfortunate that Ken Saro-Wiwa of blessed memory lost his life for this region’s cause. “If only the dead could see after their demise, would he be proud of how things have turned out? “NDDC, with this huge financial recklessness over the years, is just one of many government agencies in this country that are yet to be probed. “I can’t even imagine how surprised we would be if many other government agencies are perused this way? “This isn’t just sad but also very very unfortunate “My people, we still have a very long way to go.”