Arsenal will welcome arch-rivals Liverpool at the Emirates with the need to bounce back from their ailing defeat in the London derby against José Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspur. The Gunners suffered a 2-1 defeat in the hands of Spurs on Sunday thus forcing Mikel Arteta’s side to be four points away from seventh place on the League standings. With only three games to go all in the season, Arsenal’s situation has become more dicey at the moment. The Londoners must record a win at home against the Reds who are chasing the all-time Premier League point record. It promises to be an interesting match-up as they (Liverpool) have not won any of the last ten meetings of this tie in the past. Here DAILY POST takes a look at how Arsenal could line-up against the Reds. Unavailable: Bernd Leno (knee), Gabriel Martinelli (knee), Pablo Mari
(ankle), Eddie Nketiah (knee), Calum Chambers (knee). Uncertain; Matteo Guendouzi (discipline), Mesut Ozil (back). The Gunners will not be featuring Eddie Nketiah in this match as he serves the second of his three-match ban owing to the red card he
picked up against Leicester City, the previous week. Arsenal star, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang will offer more attacking strength to his side as he continues the chase to finish as
Premier League top scorer. This Liverpool game would see him feature on the same pitch against two-star players he shared the accolade with last season in the
person of the African pair Sadio Mane (Senegal) and Egypt’s Mohamed Salah. French striker, Alexander Lacazette scored an exquisite goal against Spurs proving that he is capable of being more than a back-up in the
Arsenal side with his blazing strike against Jose Mourinho’s men in the London derby. This presents him with the big chance to lead the line again ahead of the Liverpool cracker. Nicolas Pepe was on from the start for his side on Super Sunday (derby match against Tottenham Hotspur) and could be favoured to be in the starting eleven, even though Mikel
Arteta could find it really tasking to leave out eye-catching young lad Bukayo Saka on the bench following his fine form this season. Saka’s quality and goal in the Wolverhampton Wanderers 0-2 away win for Arsenal will be a big reminder of the young talent credentials as he volleyed home the opener for the Gunners against Nuno Espirito Santo’s men. Mesut Ozil is expected to be out of this one as he continues to struggle with a back problem. It could be more than what the eye can see as regards to Ozil’s availability for the club. And Arteta has hinted within the Arsenal circles that they could manage his absence as the German has relatively not had much game time for Arsenal since the restart of the Premier League. Barcelona linked Matteo Guendouzi is another player to be kept out of the side by Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta. But Bernd Leno, Gabriel Martinelli, Calum Chambers and Pablo Mari are out for the rest of the season. Arsenal made the most of errors in the defence during the London derby. And it could prompt Mikel Arteta to twist things up at Arsenal’s defence line. It could see the place of Sead Kolasinac and Shkodran Mustafi come under genuine threat ahead of the Liverpool game. Arsenal vs. Liverpool; Arsenal’s Predicted line-up against Liverpool in a reformed 3-4-3 formation policy as the case may be for the game
at the Emirates. Emiliano Martinez; Sokratis Papastathopoulos, David Luiz, Rob Holding; Hector Bellerin, Daniel Ceballos, Granit Xhaka, Kieran Tierney; Bukayo
Saka, Alexandre Lacazette, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.