The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, Gombe Zonal Office, has arraigned Jedua Ahmed Dawud, Oliver Wubon and Joseph Danladi John, over alleged conspiracy, criminal breach of trust and forgery. DAILY POST learnt the trio were made to appear before Justice F. Agya of Taraba State High Court. It was gathered the offences run contrary to Sections 96, 315 and 366 of the Penal Code of Taraba State and punishable under Section 315 of the same law. EFCC spokesman, Dele Oyewale said this in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja. He added, “The first defendant, Jedua Ahmed Dawud is currently, a serving member of Taraba State House of Assembly, representing Sardauna Local Government Area of the state, while the second and third defendant, Oliver Wubon and Joseph Danladi John are current Chairmen of Sardauna and Kurmi local government areas, respectively. “They were alleged to have stolen from the coffers of Sardauna Local Government Area, a total of N104, 200.000 (One Hundred and Four Million, Two Hundred Thousand Naira), being funds meant for capital projects in the local government area, while the second and third defendant held the positions of Chairman and Director of finance of the local government area, respectively”. Count three of the charge read: “That you Jedua Ahmed Dawud (former Executive Chairman), and Joseph Danladi John ( the Director Finance) all of Sardauna Local Government Council in such capacities on or about October 4, 2012, in Sardauna Local Government Council of Taraba State within the jurisdiction of this honourable court, entrusted with dominion over certain property to wit, monies, dishonestly committed criminal breach of trust in respect of N35, 200,000.00 (Thirty-Five Million, Two Hundred Thousand Naira) property of Sardauna Local Government Council, provided for capital projects, contrary to and punishable under Section 315 of the Penal Code Law.” But the suspects all pleaded not guilty to the charges, upon which prosecution counsel, Abubakar Aliyu applied for a trial date. In his ruling, Justice Agya granted bail to the defendants in the sum of N2million and one surety each. He also ordered that the surety must either be a Taraba State House of Assembly member, Commissioner in State Executive Council or Permanent Secretary. It also ordered that each surety must swear to an affidavit of means of livelihood and deposit their two recent passport photographs. However, the case was adjourned to July, 29 and 30, for hearing.