The Chairman of the Edo State All Progressives Congress (APC) Media Campaign Council for the Edo governorship election, John Mayaki, has said that the incumbent Governor, Godwin Obaseki and his “redundant MOUs” will be evicted from office by the people of the State on the 19th of September. He said this on Monday at the inauguration of the State Media Campaign Council by Hon. Patrick Obahiagbon who is the Deputy National Chairman on Media of the Ganduje-led APC National Campaign Council. Mayaki, who was appointed Chairman of the State Media Campaign Council, said the inauguration of the campaign council and the sub-committees will revitalize the campaign, which according to him, is already recording giant strides evidenced by the swelling support for the party’s candidate, Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu. He said: “The inauguration of the media campaign council today heralds the commencement of another phase in what has been a very successful campaign thus far. “Unsurprisingly, across the 18 LGAs of Edo State, the people have expressed a clear rejection of Governor Godwin Obaseki and his tax-collectors party. When an incumbent has nothing to show for his time in office for four years except ineffectual MOUs and name-calling, it is a no-brainer that he will be rejected at the polls. “Our mandate is to continue to acquaint the people of Edo State with the SIMPLE agenda and the realistic plans of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu to move Edo State forward by providing real jobs, true leadership, and a secured state to put an end to killings and kidnappings and attract investments.” Also present at the inauguration was the Deputy Director-General of the campaign organization and former Edo State deputy governor, Mr. Lucky Imasuen, Hon. Samson Osagie, Hon. Razaq Bello Osagie, Hon. Washington Osifo, Hon. Osaretin Edosonwan, the immediate past Edo State Commissioner of Communication and Orientation, Mr. Paul Ohonbamu. Others are the Edo State APC Publicity Secretary, Mr. Chris Azebanwan, a former Chairman of the Edo State Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Comrade Godwin Erhahon, Dr. Tony Ikpasaja, Mr. Sule Aledeh, Mr. Iyobosa Uwugiaren, Hon. Josef Omorotionwan, and a host of others.