The Biafra Nations Youth League, BNYL, has warned the leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, to desist from creating problems for the Igbo people and stop threatening to kill the elders who go contrary to his opinion. Chief Ralph Uwazuruike of the Biafra Independence Movement, BIM, had recently issued a similar warning to Kanu saying that Biafra should not be realized if it would be a place where elder statesmen and religious leaders would be insulted and dehumanised. Kanu was accused of hauling insults on Igbo leaders and religious leaders through the London-based Radio Biafra and his social media platforms. National deputy leader of BNYL, Ebuta Takon Akor in a statement to DAILY POST on Wednesday, said such action will put the lives of the IPOB members at risk. The BNYL warned the IPOB supporters to be mindful of any instruction they carry out sheepishly. “He is endangering the lives of his members because we will respond this time to any assassinated attempt on any elder in the East. “These elders maybe doing things that we don’t like because of their age, we should condemn their moves, criticise them, we don’t have to threaten them with death, or are we helping the Fulani to kill our own? “Nwodo was not the person who collected the defense funds Biafra supporters donated worldwide, uptil now we have not seen a single trained Soldier from IPOB to combat Fulani. “The same thing he told his members to do Anthony Nwoko and when the man was killed they denied it, even when evidence from the National Leader of BNYL, Princewill Chimezie Richard pointed to one of their Enugu Chief Security they denied and flew him to Ghana, now he has started again, it won’t be taken this time. “The killer of Nwoko has since taken to Ghana when he was exposed by BNYL, and his family issued statements denying that their son knows nothing about it, if we are as bad as the killers would have gone against such a family. “Nnamdi Kanu must stop forming cult groups because we will mobilise our Militant boys to confront his cultists if he is looking for internal conflict like that of South Sudan, because this has nothing to do with Biafra struggle. “Ebuta Takon Akor said his group will continue to stand for what is right despite who is involved, adding that they have been cautioning former Niger Delta Militant Leader, Asari Dokubo to sheaths his sword recently.”