Osun State Government, on Monday, eased the total lockdown imposed on four Local Government Areas last week to curb community transmission of the coronavirus. The affected Local Government areas: Ilesha East, Ilesha West, Atakumosa East and Atakumosa West were placed on a 7-day lockdown that was scheduled to elapse on Monday, DAILY POST reports. In a statement signed by the Secretary to the State Government, Prince Wole Oyebamiji, on Monday evening, the State Government appreciated the people of Ijeshaland for the level of compliance to the lockdown directive. According to the SSG, the state government approved the conditional ease of lockdown based on undertakings and assurance received from traditional and religious leaders as well as civil society groups within the axis, that compliance with safety guidelines shall strictly be adhered to. Enforcement of safety protocols, especially the use of nose masks in public places must be continued in the axis, and non-adherents will be sanctioned, the government warned. Oyebamiji added that, “Although there were reports of breaches and violations, a commendable percentage showed responsibility through their compliance. “The State Government also appreciates the efforts of the Joint Task Force that oversaw the enforcement of the week-long lockdown, as well as the services of healthcare workers and media professionals. “It is imperative to note that the condition that necessitated the precision lockdown – community transmission – is still active in the areas. “However, based on undertakings and assurance received from traditional and religious leaders as well as civil society groups within the axis, that compliance with safety guidelines shall be strictly adhered to going forward; the State Government has approved a CONDITIONAL EASE of lockdown in the four local government areas with effect from the midnight of Monday 13th July 2020. “The State Government wishes to reiterate that any form of breakdown in adherence to the safety protocols against COVID-19 in the four local government areas, shall force the government to reimpose the lockdown. “The State Government under the leadership of Governor Adegboyega Oyetola will do everything necessary to protect the lives and properties of citizens from actual and potential dangers. “Citizens are therefore warned against actions that sabotage the efforts of the government, by adhering to the safety protocols and directives of the State Government in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic. “The State Government seizes this opportunity to remind Osun citizens to wash their hands regularly, use alcohol-based sanitizer, wear face mask and maintain social distance.”