The All Progressives Congress, APC, in Edo State has accused the state Governor, Godwin Obaseki of appointing cultists and thugs as aides in a bid to allegedly mar the September 19 governorship election in the state with violence. The party’s state Publicity Secretary, Mr. Chris Azebamwan stated this in a statement signed and forwarded to DAILY POST by the Chairman of APC campaign council, Prince John Mayaki. In the statement titled: “Edo 2020: APC accuses Obaseki of appointing cultists as aides,” Azebamwan accused Obaseki of embarking on alleged massive recruitment of thugs and criminals officially into government in the guise of Senior Special Assistants and Special Assistants to provide cover and funding in an elaborate plot to unleash violence in the state and rig the election. He said: “Abusing state powers, and behaving in a manner already seen since his unfortunate emergence in 2016, Mr. Godwin Obaseki has begun massive recruitment of thugs and criminals, but this time, officially into government. He disguises these appointments as legitimate, in the guise of Senior Special Assistants and Special Assistants. “The people raised the first alarm months ago when the outgoing Governor, nearing the termination of his infamous tenure, began to dole out SA and SSA appointments in numbers never seen before. Independent verifications and revelations from the divided party that the Governor joined where the majority of members are still smarting from his illegal imposition have revealed that the most recent appointments which were furtively handed out, were given to cultists of notorious history and origin.” “To achieve maximum results, Governor Godwin Obaseki has ensured there is a spirit of competition ignited in these confraternity groups. Obaseki draws from this deep well of violence and brutality in these groups, hoping to employ their brutish and bestial tendencies and unleash it on his opponents and dissenters in the coming days before, during, and after an election he is certain to lose because the people have rejected him. “Edo state already has cause for worry, a valid reason to be afraid now, and not even tomorrow. This is because the violence and chaos have already begun. These cult groups, in a bid to show superiority and prove their mettle, have gone into the unrestrained acquisition of weapons and initiation of new members. As it is, we are not sure that in the next two weeks, there will be an Edo youth who is not coerced into this evil association. No thanks to Obaseki, who in his desperation, has incentivized violence, brutality, providing funds and backing for crime, thievery, and thuggery with public funds. “In their initiation grounds, energized by the rare and unusual motivation provided by state funds, there are now reports of shootings and killings either out of unresolved feuds or in the bid to test the potency of their local bulletproof charms. This is the madhouse and anarchy Godwin Obaseki has unleashed on our State. Shall we fold our hands and continue to watch these things go unchallenged.” Criticizing the governor for failing to provide his promised 200,000 jobs but allegedly doling out appointments in the ‘twilight of his infamous tenure’ to cultists, the APC called for the intervention of the security agencies and INEC to “protect the election against the criminality and desperation of Mr. Godwin Obaseki and his immoral party of tax-collectors.”