Following the running battle between the embattled Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Agboola Ajayi and his boss, Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, all might have been concluded for the impeachment of Ajayi. DAILY POST gathered that the impeachment proceedings against Ajayi might commence on Monday at the hallowed chamber of the Ondo State House of Assembly. This was sequel to the sudden recall of the 26 lawmakers who had been on recess to immediately resume legislative duties at the Assembly. The Clerk of the Assembly, Mr. Bode Adeyelu had in a short message sent to the legislators directed them to ensure compliance with the directive given by the Speaker, Bamidele Oleyelogun. The message reads, “This is to inform all Honourable Members of the Ondo State House of Assembly that following the expiration of your RECESS on Friday, 3rd July, 2020, l have been directed by the Rt. Honourable Speaker Oleyelogun Bamidele David to enjoin you to resume for Legislative duties on Monday, 6th July, 2020. “All Honourable members are to please treat this information as very important.” According to an impeccable source among the legislators who craved anonymity, top on the agenda of what will be deliberated at the floor of the House will be the trending issues in the state, particularly the deputy governor’s saga. The source added that it is likely that the Assembly might initiate impeachment proceedings against Ajayi. Recall that two weeks ago, Ajayi defected from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to run for the governorship ticket of the party even as he insisted that he will not resign his position as deputy governor. But Akeredolu over the weekend made a formal declaration foreclosing the consideration of handing over governance to Ajayi following the COVID-19 positive status of Akeredolu with the deputy governor giving his boss 21 days ultimatum to handover to him as acting governor. Ajayi had accused his boss of doling out N10 million to entice each of the lawmakers in a bid to meet the requirement of two-third majority, that is about 18 out of the 26 lawmakers in the state in order for the impeachment to scale through.