The Deputy Chief of Staff in the office of the Deputy Governor of Abia State and a chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Chief Don Ubani, has demanded the resignation of the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Chinedum Orji, for allegedly pledging allegiance and loyalty to the leader of the opposition All Progressives Congress, APC, in Abia, and current Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu. This followed recent reconciliation and visit of the ex-Governor, Theodore Orji’s family to Senator Orji Kalu at his Abuja residence in June, who was released from federal prison over alleged financial fraud. The purported reconciliation by the duo have continued to generate mixed feelings in the fold of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Abia State, with many PDP leaders describing the development as treacherous. Senator Orji Kalu and Senator Theodore Orji, were both former Executive Governors of Abia State. However, the call for the resignation of the Speaker, who is also the son of the immediate past Governor, Senator Theodore Orji, was contained in a message made available in Umuahia, on Wednesday. Ubani lambasted the Speaker for describing Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, as authentic political leader in Abia, during his visit to the latter’s residence in Abuja, which Ubani posited, amounted to anti-party activity. The Deputy Chief of Staff, who was also the immediate past Publicity Secretary of PDP, in Abia State, emphasized that every Nigerian citizen was at liberty to align with whosoever, reminding Rt. Hon Orji that he had lost that political morality to continue presiding over the affairs of the PDP-controlled House of Assembly, based on his latest loyalty to the leader of opposition in Abia State, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu. His words, “This is my personal conviction. I am not a mere founding member of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Abia State, rather, I am one of the few twenty-one political leaders that convened the party in the State. At any given time, I had defended and will continue to defend the party, (PDP) not minding whose ox might be gored. “When it was reported not too long ago, in the social and print media, that Speaker Chinedum Orji visited a former Governor of the State, Chief Orji Uzor Kalu and invited him to come and take over Abia State as the “Authentic Leader” of the State, I knew he (Speaker) has crossed boundaries. “As the Speaker of Abia State House of Assembly, with the party (PDP) I helped convene in 1998 as majority, my conclusion remains that Speaker Chinedum Orji has committed a political sacrilege. Having declared Chief Orji Uzor Kalu, the Authentic leader of Abia State, he(the Speaker), has no political morality presiding over the Peoples Democratic Party-controlled House of Assembly. I ask him to resign”. When contacted, the Chief Press Secretary to the Speaker of Abia State House of Assembly, Jude Ndukwe, described Don Ubani, as a political jobber and would not respond to the latter’s tantrums against his principal, Chinedum Orji. Ndukwe said in a terse statement, “My intention has been drawn to a publication by one Don Ubani as it relates to the Rt. Hon Speaker of Abia State House of Assembly, Rt Hon Chinedum Enyinnaya Orji. And I wish to state that, in his(Orji) usual political equanimity, the Speaker does not and will not respond to the tantrums of political jobbers”.