Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Nigeria has recorded 454 new cases of coronavirus. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, which revealed this on Friday night, said Lagos had 87 new cases while Edo followed with 63. 2. Eunice Ortom, wife of the Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has tested positive for COVID-19. Mrs. Ortom in a statement on Friday, confirmed that her son and some of her staff also tested positive and had gone into total isolation and has urged people who had contact with her in the last two weeks to get tested for the disease. 3. Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State on Friday said worship centres in the state will remain shut until further notice. Sanwo-Olu during a briefing at Alausa Ikeja, also stated that all restrictions applying to mass gatherings will remain in force, adding that social and events centres as well as social clubs will also remain closed. 4. The Governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, on Friday disclosed, that he will not hand over governance to his deputy, Agboola Ajayi despite testing positive for COVID-19. According to Akeredolu, who described his deputy as a threat to governance in the state, Ajayi no longer belongs to the APC and governance in the state. 5. The Governor of Ogun State, Prince Dapo Abiodun has announced that worship centers and schools would remain closed for another two weeks in the state. In a statement made available to newsmen on Friday night by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, Abiodun said available data and opinions of experts continue to indicate that the fight against the virus is far from being won. 6. The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP has appointed Governor Nyesome Wike as the Chairman of Edo State Governorship Election National Campaign Council. The party, which announced this in a Tweet on Friday, also appointed Governor Ahmadu Fintiri as the deputy chairman. 7. The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Mohammed Adamu, has ordered the posting and redeployment of senior police officers in line with the recent presidential approval for the re-organisation of the force. The Force Public Relations Officer, FPRO, Mr. Frank Mba, who disclosed this in a statement on Friday in Abuja, said the presidential approval included the creation of an additional Department, the Directorate of Intelligence, expansion of the police zonal structure from 12 to 17, and the creation of two additional FCID annexes. 8. Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State has announced the discharge of 80 more COVID-19 patients in the state after testing negative for the virus. A statement personally signed by Obaseki said that the death toll in the state had, however, risen to 43 with the elderly accounting for a large number of the fatalities. 9. The Kaduna State government has confirmed 17 new COVID-19 cases in the State. In a tweet on Friday night, the state government disclosed that the cases were from Kaduna North and Chikun. 10. Two persons have been confirmed dead while two other persons are missing after a 14-passenger boat capsized in Lagos on Friday. It was reported that the boat which left Ebute-Ero for Ikorodu around 8pm, upturned shortly after it took off, throwing all passengers into the water.