The Nigeria Immigration Service has given reasons for not allowing 58 Nigerian medical doctors travel to London for a training program, adding that some of the medical personnel had no valid travelling documents. The Service Public Relations Officer, Sunday James, said in a statement on Thursday that the doctors were stopped at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos. He also said they were refused departure through a UK bound aircraft flight number ENT 550, registration number SP-ES which flew in from London. According to him, Fifty-Six of the Doctors had no visas for entry into the United Kingdom, while only two had Visas. He said “The Fifty-eight (58) Medical Doctors were refused departure in line with Section 31 subsection 2a and b, on powers conferred on the Comptroller General of Nigeria Immigration Service by the Immigration Act 2015, to prohibit departure of any person under the conditions stated in the Act. “The chartered flight approved for landing in Nigeria was to carry forty-two,42, medical doctors for a training program but they were fifty-eight, 58, with only 2 having Visas for entry into the UK, a situation that called for the refusal of departure. “The Nigeria Immigration Service as the agency saddled with control of entry and departure from Nigeria of persons will not allow individuals or groups of well-educated Nigerians who should know the procedures for travelling out of their country and the requirements, which include having a valid visa for entry into a destination country to leave. “This is to avoid refusal of entry and repatriation back to Nigeria amid the coronavirus pandemic and spreading of the same as well as flouting the Federal Government’s directive on the restriction of international flights unless for essential reasons as approved by the government. “There is no official communication to the Service from the Ministry of Health in Nigeria or any known Medical body notifying the NIS of the travel of this number of Medical Doctors. “The Aircraft has departed for London without the Medical Doctors. “The Comptroller General of Nigeria Immigration Service, Muhammad Babandede, is taking this opportunity to advise Nigerians to always adhere to travel protocols and ensure they have Valid passports with Valid Visa to the country they intended travelling to before going to any Airport, Seaport or Land Border Control to avoid refusal to depart.”