As mixed reactions continue to trail the recent reconciliation between the Speaker of Abia House of Assembly, Hon Chinedum Orji, and former Abia Governor and leader of the opposition All Progressives Congress, APC, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, leaders and Stakeholders of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Abia State, have equally expressed their divergent views on the development. Reacting to the development, former Commissioner for Information in Abia State and currently, the Special Adviser to Abia Governor on Strategy/ Communication, Eze Chikamnayo, in a statement, insisted that if Chinedum Orji fails to relinquish office over his obvious loyalty to the opposition, he would be forced to exit as Speaker of the Assembly. Chikamnayo described the action of Chinedum Orji (Speaker) as the highest form of hypocrisy, betrayal ever witnessed in the history of Abia State. This comes as the Deputy Chief of Staff in the office of the Deputy Governor of Abia State, Chief Don Ubani, had demanded the resignation of the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Chinedum Orji, for allegedly pledging allegiance and loyalty to the leader of the opposition All Progressives Congress, APC, in Abia, and current Senate Chief Whip, Senator Orji Uzor Kalu. Recall that the Speaker, Chinedum Orji was quoted as asking Kalu to return and take his rightful position in the State and further described Kalu as the “Authentic leader” of Abia State.” This statement was made by the Speaker during his speech when he led a delegation from Abia State to pledge loyalty to the current Senate Majority Chief Whip, Chief Orji Uzor Kalu, after his release from federal prison in Abuja. But, Orji, in a press release, by his Chief Press Secretary, Jude Chijioke Ndukwe, and made available in Umuahia, last Friday, asserted that he does not owe anyone explanation whatsoever, except Governor Okezie Ikpeazu and his colleagues in the house. The reconciliation by the duo has continued to generate mixed feelings in the fold of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Abia State, with many PDP leaders describing the development as treacherous. However, Chikamnayo said, “Let me now state in very strong and unmistakable terms, the following reasons that form part of the basis, why Chief Chinedum Orji, Ikuku, must immediately and honourably resign and relinquish the office he holds in trust for this PDP government or otherwise face an imminent disgrace from Abians, the sort that has never been witnessed before” “Between 2007 and 2011, Abia State witnessed its lowest ebb in development. The Governor then, Chief Theodore Orji had complained ceaselessly that the reason for that abysmal scenario was the overbearing demands of his benefactor and predecessor, Chief Orji Uzor Kalu, his mother and siblings. “Abians, from different walks of life, including my humble self, rose in solidarity with him. He assured us that he was on a divine mission to liberate the state, by breaking all bonds with Orji Uzor Kalu and members of his family. He said that the Kalus’ represented bondage and solemnly vowed that on liberation, he would never go back to Egypt cum Kalu. We believed him. We fought openly on his side and by 2015, Chief Theodore Orji left office telling us that his greatest legacy was the liberation of Abia from the stranglehold and Chief Orji Uzor Kalu. “Now, for this same Chief T.A Orji and his son, now Speaker of the Abia State House of Assembly, in a PDP led Government, to sneak back by night to the same Orji Uzor Kalu of the opposition APC, asking him to come over and usurp the leadership of the State, is a blatant breach of the Constitution for anyone, no matter how highly placed to invite an unelected person to come over and take the leadership of a State with a subsisting elected Governor”. Also baring his mind on Monday, Comrade Ifeanyi Apugo, a prominent chieftain of the ruling Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, in Abia State, frowned at the continued tantrums being unleashed by disgruntled elements in the party, against the Speaker’s Reconciliation with Senator Orji Kalu. Apugo, in an interview with DAILY POST, in Umuahia, on Monday, posited that the agitators of Chinedum Orji’s resignation were solely chasing shadows, describing them as enemies of peace. He said, “it is a welcome development and we encourage him to make more of such visits at home. The bible says blessed are the peacemakers for they shall see God, so the visit is a good one. To be sincere, I must tell you I understand the angle some of them are coming from, but where they got it all wrong is that some of them didn’t try to find out from the speaker if he truly made that speech and even if he did, was it exactly the way it was quoted?