Professor Ndubueze Amaechi, the father of late Uzochi Ndubieze, has demanded a thorough investigation of the unfortunate death of his son in Russia. Uzochi Ndubueze, a native of Obingwa Local Government Area of Abia State, reportedly drowned in Russia last week. The deceased had left the shores of Nigeria in 2018 having received admission into Yugoslavia State Medical University to study Medicine. It was learned that the Abia-born Russian Student went for a picnic with others at a lake where he drowned and died instantly. However, addressing newsmen, in Umuahia, on Sunday, Professor Ndubueze specifically, called on the Nigeria Diaspora Commission and Nigerian Ambassador to Russia and other well-meaning Nigerians to come to his aid to ensure justice. His words, “It was his guardian who stays at St Petersburg, another city different from Yugoslavia State, where Uzochi was studying that called me and told me that my son is dead. When I asked him what happened, he told me he was not there with him to actually say what happened. “The news of my son’s death is rather unfortunate, because, we did not hear that he was sick. He has no previous sickness, so, we suspect foul play in the whole incidence and an attempt to use drowning to cover up. How can someone just call me and say Knowledge Uzochi Ndubueze is dead, just like that? “We are pleading with the Federal Executive Council led by President Muhammadu Buhari, the Executive Governor of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu and Senators Enyinnaya Abaribe, Orji Uzor Kalu and Theodore Ahamefula to intervene and order an appropriate investigation into this death as it is rather unfortunate. “My son’s movement to Russia is through right and appropriate means. He has his papers intact. His passport too and visa were legally processed. It was education that took him to Russia. The proper thing is for an investigation to be conducted into the circumstances surrounding his death and those culpable if any, should be made to face the full weight of the law”.