The Peoples Democratic Party on Monday described the mass defection from the All Progressives Congress (APC) to its fold, ahead of the Edo governorship election, as an end-of-the-road signpost for the APC and its candidate, Osagie Ize-Iyamu. PDP stated this in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologboondiyan. The party also acknowledged the solidarity of thousands of members of other political parties, who have also adopted and expressed support for its candidate, Governor Godwin Obaseki, as their preferred choice for the election. According to Ologbondiyan: “Our party has been receiving daily reports of massive surge for PDP membership cards in our state, local government and ward offices, following the soaring popularity of Governor Obaseki and the PDP across the state. “This is in addition to the expressed support of various volunteer groups, as well as professional bodies, community associations, trade unions, youth groups and other critical players across the voting population of the state. “The gale of defection and mass flow of support from the people of Edo State, the APC candidate would soon look back and find himself standing alone.” Following the surge, the PDP has directed all ward offices across the state to expand their registration capacity to ensure adequate accommodation for all Edo people in their irrevocable quest to realize their aspiration on its platform. He added: “Our party notes that the Edo people are already aware that unlike the suppressive and corrupt APC, the PDP is the only true platform where their voices, wishes, and aspirations as individuals and as a people, are completely guaranteed at all levels and all without the oppressive control of corrupt god-fathers. “Furthermore, our party is already aware of the worsened crisis, disagreements and trepidation in the APC over their imminent crushing defeat by the Edo people. “For the people of Edo State, the September 19 election is a referendum and determined march for freedom from the stranglehold of the repressive, heartless, vindictive, exploitative and corrupt APC.