The 5th season of Big Brother Naija, tagged “The Lockdown Edition” kicked off yesterday with a grand live premiere show hosted by Ebuka Obi-Uchendu with celebrity DJ, Neptune supplying the music. 20 housemates are in the battle for the grand prize of 85 Million Naira over the course of 71 days. The Lockdown edition is already gearing up to be the most interesting season yet as the organisers have improved the house and with the new housemates looking very exciting. DAILY POST brings you four things viewers can look forward to in the Lockdown edition. Big Brother’s House: The house has always been an integral part of the show and this season is no different. Ebuka gave viewers a tour of the redesigned #BBNaijaLockdown house and from the reactions on social media, you can tell that everyone was positively wowed. The tour revealed a vibrant display of colours and an increased attention to creative detail in the design aesthetic. The organisers outdid themselves with the décor and remodeling this year. Twenty Interesting Housemates: Ebuka introduced twenty new housemates at the live premiere tonight and each of them brought their own individuality and unique personality to the show. From Laycon who says he’s a sexual enthusiast to Dorathy with the multiple personalities, this season is bound to be a very dramatic one. BBNaija Lock-in Competition: The #BBNaijaFaveLockIn is a fresh twist from Biggie that will see fans lock-in a favourite housemate who they think will win the show. The lock-in period will be open from Thursday, July 30th till Monday, August 3rd. At the end of the season, correct Fave Housemate Lock-In will go through a raffle draw where 30 winners will emerge and win N1m each. Tiered Voting Process: Asides from the regular famous voting process, Big Brother is introducing the tiered voting system. DStv Premium customers will get 2,500 votes; Compact Plus will have 1,500 votes; Compact customers will get 750 votes while Confam and Yanga customers will get 500 and 200 votes respectively, For GOtv customers on Max, they get 350 votes and GOtv Jolli customers get 200 votes. DAILY POST had already reported that unlike the 2019 edition, there are twenty housemates, not 21, battling for N85 Million worth of prizes this year. The housemates would also be lodged at the Big Brother House for the next ten weeks to entertain TV viewers across Africa and beyond. The previous edition, ‘Pepper dem’ was for a duration of 12 weeks. 