Akwa Ibom State chapter of the All Progressives Congress has frowned at what it termed extraneous appointments by the federal government which does not favour members of the party. The party which lamented that the federal government had recently made appointments from the State without its knowledge noted that President Muhammadu Buhari was yet to learn from the mistakes of such appointments made in his first tenure. The party in a statement signed by its Publicity Secretary, Nkereuwem Eyongkere on Wednesday said the chairman of the party, Ini Okopido had petitioned the presidency on the issue, where he lamented that those who have sacrificed their time and resources in the party have been cheated out. The party in the Statement condemned the appointment of Mr. Oboro Akpabio, an ambassador-designate which according to it was made outside its purview. The letter noted that if the trend is not reversed it could lead to disaffection among members and ultimately threaten the party’s chances in future elections in the state. The statement partly reads, “The State Chapter in the said letter lamented that even in the second term of the administration President Muhammadu Buhari which the party in the State had expected to benefit from the robust relationship of 2019 elections and for obvious reasons that he will learn from the mistakes of his first term, but unfortunately, the news of every new appointment from Akwa Ibom state has been so nerve-wracking and disquieting to the members of APC in the State, thus weakening the threshold of our party in the state as genuine members who have sacrificed their useful resources are completely cheated out. “The letter underscored among such political appointments is that of Mr. Oboro Effiong Akpabio, Ambassador designates, as one of the persons the party is not very sure if he is from the state as he is unknown to the party and its members. “The letter noted that if such a trend is not discontinued, it will surely discourage members from giving their best to make APC work in Akwa Ibom State and thereby hampering the build-up towards 2023.” The party stressed that for the purpose of a robust relationship, the State Chapter should be readily consulted by the federal government while making appointments to strengthen the base of loyalty by members. This according to the party would help to reposition the Party towards growth and development as the next elections will still be based on party, hence the need to empower members within.