Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. No fewer than two persons were on Thursday confirmed dead and over a dozen injured as Boko Haram terrorists fired mortars in Maiduguri, the capital of Borno State. Reports said the terrorists’ attack occurred on Thursday, as Muslim faithful in the town were making preparation for Friday’s Eid-el-Kabir festival. 2. The death has been announced of a Yoruba leader, Pa Ayo Fasanmi. The Afenifere stalwart died on Wednesday night at the age of 94 in Oshogbo, the Osun State capital. 3. The Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) has confirmed that no injury or fatality was recorded by passengers during the collision of planes at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos. General Manager, Public Affairs, Tunji Oketunbi, said the incident involved an Airbus A330-243 with the Nationality registration Marks, OD-MEA operated by Middle East Airline and a Boeing 777 with Nationality and registration Marks, TC-LJC operated by Turkish Airline 4. The Zazzau Emirate Council on Thursday, said it has cancelled all kinds of Sallah festivities following the advice given by the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) on COVID-19 rules In a statement on Thursday, Dan Isan Zazzau, who is equally Assistant Secretary Zazzau Emirate Council, Alh. Umar Shehu Idris said, “Muslim brothers and sisters are expected to obey the guidelines of social distancing, using of facemasks and hand sanitizers while going to the praying ground.” 5. A former Chairman of the Nigerian Bar Association Section on Business Law (NBA-SBL), Olumide Akpata, has emerged winner of the Nigerian Bar Association’s (NBA) national elections. Akpata defeated two Senior Advocates of Nigeria (SANs), to become the first non-SAN president in years. 6. Former military Head of State, General Yakubu Gowon, has urged the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, to pray for President Muhammadu Buhari. Gowon explained that Buhari needs prayers so that Nigeria won’t go asunder under his leadership during the thanksgiving service and reception organized by CAN in honour of the newly appointed Executive Secretary, Nigerian Christian Pilgrim Commission (NCPC), Rev. Yakubu Pam IN Abuja. 7. The Government of Abia State has tentatively fixed August 10, 2020, for reopening of schools to enable students in exit classes prepare and write relevant examinations. The decision to reopen schools for graduating students was reached after a stakeholders’ meeting, which was held by Governor Okezie Ikpeazu at Michael Okpara Auditorium of Government House Umuahia on Thursday. 8. Chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Senator Ali Ndume, says one of the repentant terrorists freed by the Nigerian military murdered his father. Ndume told the President Muhammadu Buhari government to rehabilitate Boko Haram victims not insurgents. 9. The Nigerian Army has spoken on the Boko Haram attack on Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum. Army Spokesman, Sagir Musa, in a statement on Thursday, said earlier, Zulum visited Commander 19 Brigade at the Nigerian Army Super Camp where he was briefed on the security situation. 10. United States President, Donald Trump has called for the postponement of the 2020 election. The American leader, who made the call on Twitter, expressed concern that the election would be fraudulent.