Popular Broadway star, Nick Cordero has died from severe medical complications after contracting the deadly coronavirus disease. DAILY POST had reported that the 41-year-old actor who tested positive for COVID-19 was initially diagnosed with pneumonia. He later had complications after his blood pressure increased and had a blood clot in his right leg which needed to be amputated for him to survive. However, he passed away on Sunday after spending 95 days at the Cedars -Sinai hospital. Confirming his death, his wife Amanda Kloots in a tribute to him on her Instagram account said, “He was surrounded in love by his family, singing and praying as he gently left this earth”. She said, “God has another angel in heaven now. My darling husband passed away this morning. “He was surrounded in love by his family, singing and praying as he gently left this earth. “I am in shock and my heart is hurting heavily. I am so heart is broken because I cannot imagine what our lives will be without him. “He was such a bright light and was everyone’s friend, loved to listen, help, and especially talk. ”Nick was an incredible actor and musician who loved his family and loved being a father and an amazing husband. “Elvis and I will miss him in everything and every day of our lives. “To Nicks superb and amazing doctor, Dr. David Ng, you were my positive doctor! “There are not many doctors like you. You are Kind, smart, compassionate, assertive, and always ready to listen to my crazy ideas or call yet another doctor for me for a second opinion. “You are a diamond in the rough. “I cannot begin to thank everyone enough for the outpour of love, support, and help we’ve received these last 95 days. “You all have no idea how much you lifted my spirits at 3 pm every day as the world sang Nicks song, Live Your Life. “We sang it to him today, holding his hands and as I sang the last line to him, “they’ll give you hell but don’t you light them kill your light not without a fight. “ I smiled because I know he did put up a fight. “I will forever love you, my sweet man.” Before his death, the Canadian actor starred in hit musicals including Waitress, A Bronx Tale, and Bullets Over Broadway. He was nominated in 2014 for a Tony Award and a Drama Desk Award in his role in “Bullets Over”.