The Commissioner of Police in Oyo State, Joe Nwanchukwu Enwonwu, on Tuesday, enjoined Divisional Police Officers to ensure adequate security during and after this year’s Eid-el-Kabir festival. Enwonwu in a statement made available to DAILY POST, directed all DPOs, Area Commanders and HODs to ensure24-hour security of their areas of responsibility. He also urged them commence aggressive stop and search patrols, purposeful vehicular patrol and robust intelligence network to ensure security of lives and property before, during and after the festive period. Enwonwu also urged residents to be security conscious, watch out for strangers and hoodlums who are all out to cause mayhem and disturb the peace equilibrium being enjoyed by the good citizens of Oyo State. The Police Commissioner in the statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan, through the Public Relations Office of the command said, “The Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Police Command, CP Joe Nwanchukwu Enwonwu, psc wishes to State that adequate security measures have been emplaced for the good people of Oyo State ahead of this year Sallah celebrations (EID-EL-KABIR). “Consequent upon this, the Commissioner of Police have directed all DPOs, Area Commanders and HODs to ensure2- hour security of their areas of responsibility (AOR) and immediately commence aggressive stop and search patrols, purposeful vehicular patrol and robust intelligence network to ensure security of lives and property before, during and after the festive period. “In the same vein, all and sundry are implored to be security conscious, watch out for strangers and hoodlums who are all out to cause mayhem and disturb the peace equilibrium being enjoyed by the good citizens of Oyo State. Sequel to this, it is paramount to secure rams, cows and other animals purchased for the purpose of Sallah celebrations; and at the same time vehicles parked within our immediate environment, garages and public places should be under lock and key at all times and also as a matter of compulsion keep only photocopies of vehicles papers in the car safe to prevent incident of removal of vehicles from where parked. “Consequently, all rules and regulations to prevent and curtail the spread of COVID-19 in Oyo State must be strictly followed as the Police in Oyo State Command would not relent in our collective efforts to enforce and ensure total obedience. In lieu of this, all citizens are to take responsibility against the spread of COVID-19 Virus in the State, while physical and social distancing must be maintained by the populace at all levels, personal and respiratory hygiene as well as other regulations issued by all relevant authorities must be followed including eschewing public gathering and organizing street carnivals. “In addition to the security arrangements put in place by the Divisional and Area Command levels, massive deployment of Police Tactical teams such as Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), Swift Response Squad (SRS), Explosive Ordinance Disposal (EOD), Police Mobile Force (PMF), Skynet, Anti-Kidnapping squad (AKS), Safer and Federal Highway patrol teams including plainclothes Policemen are emplaced for public safety and security. “In the event of distress call or dissemination of useful information, citizens are advised to call the Police Control Room Numbers, 08081768614, 07055495413 and 615 (Toll-Free) from Oyo State Security Trust Fund. “The CP, therefore, warns all criminally minded individuals or groups who are bent on causing mayhem to stay clear from Oyo State. He further advised celebrants to be conscious of their security, the environment, suspicious parcels and movement from criminal elements. They are to also assist the Police with credible information to enable us serve the people better.”