The Police in Kano State have described as baseless and mischievous reports in the social media of an impending attack on the ancient city of Kano. The State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Habu A. Sani, on Tuesday said the general public should disregard the rumours, assuring that the police and sister-security agencies in the state were fully on ground to protect lives and property. Habu, who gave the assurance while decorating 252 officers of the Command elevated to new ranks, acknowledged that police have received reports of such rumours,​ but promised that adequate security arrangements have been put in place to forestall any eventuality. He added that police and sister-security agencies have made several visits to identified​ areas suspected to be havens for bandits, but revealed that nothing yet was enough to bring panic in the ancient commercial city. Habu, however, appealed to Muslim faithful to ensure blissful and peaceful Sallah celebrations through obedience to the laws of the and strict adherence to the COVID-19 protocols. He urged all Kano residents to move about their normal businesses without fear, while appealing to them to report suspicious movements and continue to help the police with the right information that can lead to apprehension and prosecution of criminals and bandits. Speaking shortly as after decorating the officers, Mr. Habu, urged them to remain as true to duty like the needle to the pole. According to him, “today, we have witnessed the decorations of officers from this command who have been elevated to their new ranks. We give gratitude to Allah for making us witness this day. “I appreciate the approval of the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Abubakar Adamu, for these officers to be promoted to the new ranks. Equally, I thank the Police Service Commission who approved your promotion after going through your records. “Many of us have seen a lot of challenges as our service is on cause. Some paid the supreme sacrifice for their nation. Some lost their lives, some sustained injuries and some are in sickbed awaiting to be well again so that they can continue their service to God, the nation and humanity. “To whom much is given,​ much is expected. Be ready to face challenges more especially at these trying times we have security challenges in some parts of the country. “You might be posted to those places, but you have to exhibit high sense of professionalism.
You have to maintain full obedience to the rules and regulations of the land and shun corruption. “You must be upright. Respect the constitution and obey the code of conduct. You have to understand that this is service to humanity and your fatherland.” The police boss who tasked the promotees to remain resolute and never derail from the ethics and ethos of the police force,​ also thanked the good people of Kano State,​ “for their support and prayers for us to succeed in combating all forms of crime and criminalities.” He thanked President Muhammadu Buhari and Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje for their support to the Command and the Nigeria police in general. Those promoted to new ranks in the Command included nine Deputy Superintendents of Police (DSPs) elevated to Superintendents of Police (SPs); four Assistant Superintendents of Police (ASPs) promoted to DSPs; and 239 Inspectors who were elevated to ASPs