The Yobe State Committee on COVID-19 Prevention and Control says the remaining three patients in the state isolation center have been discharged after meeting clinical criteria. Vice-Chairman of the Committee and the State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Mohammed Lawan Gana made the revelation at the end of the Committee’s 14th meeting held on Wednesday in Damaturu. He said, “we don’t really need negative results to discharge patients. There are clinical criteria for discharging patients. “So as it is when patients meet the discharge criteria, we actually discharge them based on the clinical guidelines and then follow them up according to the guidelines”. The Vice-Chairman disclosed that currently there are no patients on admission in isolation centers in the state. Meanwhile, the Committee’s Chairman and the State Deputy Governor, Idi Barde Gubana announced the reopening of schools in the state in line with the federal government’s resolution of opening schools for final year students. “In line with the Federal Government resolution of opening schools for students in final year and those preparing for final exams, all schools will reopen students in JSS 3, SS 3 and Primary 6 preparing for the Common Entrance Examination. However, proper prevention and control measures against COVID-19 must be observed”, he said. Other resolutions adopted by the Committee according to Gubana include the reopening of all the state’s borders for free interstate movement as well as maintaining all COVID-19 safety protocols and guidelines against the disease. “The Yobe State Government will be opening its borders from today 1st July 2020 for free interstate movement. However, travelers are to comply strictly with all already enjoined prevention and control measures with respect to COVID-19. “All commercial vehicles and motorcycle operators should continue to maintain physical distancing in their vehicles. “Furthermore, all passengers must wear face masks, observe proper respiratory etiquettes and hand hygiene”, he announced. The Committee also directed the State Rapid Response Team, (RRT) to continue to enhance integrated risk communication and behavior change communication activities, training of health workers, infection prevention and control activities as well as case management in isolation centers.