The All Progressive Grand Alliance, APGA, has appealed to aggrieved leaders of the party from the Southeast geopolitical zone not to abandon the party over alleged irregularities in the last general elections. He said that APGA was formed based on democratic ideologies and principles and regretted the outbursts that trailed the party primaries, which led to stakeholders and leaders dumping APGA. Nkem Okoro, the Abia State Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, made the appeal during a press conference at the State party Secretariat in Umuahia. She also appealed to Bianca Ojukwu, Senator Stella Odua, Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, Dr. Alex Otti, and others to jettison their planned defection to the All Progressives Congress, APC. He said, “We are using this medium to apologize to all those who were insulted and provoked to leave the party. We are especially apologizing to the former leader of our party in Abia, Dr. Alex Otti, OFR, who has just indicated his intention to leave the party. We recognize his immense contributions in building a formidable APGA in Abia State and are appealing to him and others to return to the party after we must have cleaned up the party and completely gotten rid of those who were using the party to indulge in fraudulent extortion”. The APGA chairman also warned members against anti-party activities and frowned at the desperation of some party leaders. Okoro, however, berated the activities of a party chieftain, Augustine Ehiemere and other past executive members, alleging that they were bent on destroying the party for sake of personal benefits. Meanwhile, DAILY POST had also reported that following a crisis that erupted in the Abia State chapter of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, there were reports that APGA gubernatorial flag bearer during 2019 general elections in Abia State, Alex Otti, had reportedly dumped the party for the All Progressives Congress, APC in the state. This was even as the Abia leadership of the All Progressives Congress-led by its Chairman, Hon. Donatus Nwankpa, had confirmed that talks had been concluded and sealed for Alex Otti’s official defection to the governing party in Nigeria. Nwankpa said, “Yes, talks have been concluded, you can see the avalanche of defections of supporters, Otti’s associates and some APGA members in Abia House of Assembly into the APGA. He has joined us, and we believe he will bring his wealth of experience towards further uplifting the party.”