Forty-three youngsters suspected to be prostitutes and cultists on Friday were arrested for allegedly engaging in job scams in Ebonyi State. DAILY POST gathered that the suspects are between the ages of 16 and 22 years. The suspects were arrested by a joint team, made up of the police, neighborhood watch and special assistant to governor David Umahi on security and utility in the capital city and the governor’s SSA legal. The arrest of the suspects was made known in a statement signed by the governor’s aid on security and utility capital city, Saint Nchekwube Anakor and forwarded to DAILY POST. According to Nchekwube: “We arrested 43 young boys and girls with the help of some neighbourhood watch and the division police. “It is an eyesore to look at what I saw. Small boys and girls walking around the town in the name of networking and marketing of food supplement drugs. Their age brackets are between 16-22years. “They paste flyers on every corner in town, telling you about jobs. Opportunities that never exist. The funny thing is that if you call the number, they wrote on the wall, one of them will pick the call and tell you how u have been suffering but now is your hour of salvation. “The next thing is that they will tell you to get your bag, then meet them in a place where they will tell you and join them in the business. Imagine the problem our society is facing. “These people have no relations and no shelter, or where they stay. Yet every night you see them sneaking out to paste their job opportunity posters or flyers. “The worst is that I don’t even know how to prosecute them. They are hungry-looking, haggard and bereaved with hunger. My worry is that their parents may not know where they are. “Funny enough, some of them are Ebonyians while many others are from outside the state including Yorubas and Hausas. “Some of them are secondary school dropouts, some claim to have their SSCE. As we took them to the police division, and after interrogation, they confessed to engaging in dirty jobs. “From walking around the streets, the girls turn to prostitution, while the boys join cultism. How did we get here? parents what are we doing? “When you don’t train your children, they will learn how to engage themselves in dirty jobs. Parents should look after their children and know what kind of business they are doing in the township” he stated.