The Bauchi State Police Command has informed that it will deploy 3,067 officers and men in various Eid praying grounds and venues of events in the state for this year’s Eid-el-Kabir coming up on Friday. This is contained in a press release on security arrangements for the festival signed by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the command, DSP Ahmed Mohammed Wakili, on behalf of the state Commissioner of Police and made available to DAILY POST today in Bauchi. According to the police spokesman in the state, the officers and men to be deployed comprise conventional police and other tactical teams of the Command as well as necessary logistics. DSP Wakili stated that the personnel to be deployed for this critical assignment are under strict instruction of the Commissioner of Police, Lawan Tanko Jimeta, to be civil but firm in the discharge of their duties. He stated that the measure is aimed at ensuring hitch-free Sallah celebrations in the state, warning that the command will deal with those who wish to cause breakdown of law and order during the Sallah period. “In view of the forthcoming Eid-el-Kabir celebrations on 31 July, 2020, the Commissioner of Police, Bauchi State Police Command, CP Lawan Tanko Jimeta, psc wishes to assure the good people of Bauchi State, the Command’s readiness to perform its statutory responsibility of protection of lives and property of innocent citizens in the state during the celebration. “The Command will collaborate with sister security agencies and all critical stakeholders to ensure that the celebration is peaceful and hitch-free. “To this effect, the CP has ordered the deployment of three thousand and sixty-seven (3,067) officers and men comprising conventional police and other tactical teams of the Command as well as necessary logistics to all praying grounds and venues of events in the state. “Personnel deployed for this critical assignment are under strict instruction of the Commissioner of Police to be civil but firm in the discharge of their duties. “Furthermore, the Command is prepared to deal with hoodlums, political thugs and other disgruntled elements that may attempt to cause break down of law and order before during and after the festive period,” the police image maker stated. Wakili, however, warned that people must strictly observe all established Covid-19 protocols while celebrating. While urging the people to cooperate with the police to ensure peaceful celebrations, the release called on the people to promptly report any suspicious person or object to the nearest police station or call the command’s emergency numbers. “The CP wishes to extend his warm greetings to all Muslim faithful and other citizens in the state as they celebrate Eid-el-Kabir and enjoins them to cooperate with police and other security agencies in their efforts towards ensuring peaceful celebrations and equally report any suspicious person or object to the nearest police station or call the Command emergency phone number 09053872273 or 08079579006,” DSP Wakili stated.