United States President, Donald Trump, has hailed a Nigerian-born doctor in America, Stella Immanuel, for her stance on COVID-19 treatment. Trump’s commendation was sequel to her insistence that coronavirus has a cure. At a news conference in Washington D.C., Immanuel insisted that three drugs were effective against the virus. The physician listed them as, Hydroxychloroquine, Zinc, and Zithromax. Trump had shared a footage of Immanuel addressing the media. But the video, already viewed by millions worldwide via different platforms, was taken down by Twitter. Other social media majors, YouTube and Facebook did the same. The deletion sparked a fresh debate about the purported conspiracy of the pandemic and if COVID-19 truly has a cure. Trump’s critics have launched attacks on Immanuel, accusing her of misinformation. But the American leader’s supporters insist that her comments should not be discarded, wondering why opponents were being pessimistic. At a White House briefing on Tuesday, Trump answered a question about Immanuel and her claim. “She was on air along with many other doctors. They were big fans of hydroxychloroquine”, the president said. “I thought she was very impressive in the sense that from where she came, I don’t know which country she comes from, but she said that she’s had tremendous success with hundreds of different patients.” Trump added: “I thought her voice was an important voice but ut I know nothing about her.” As the reporter pressed further, Trump said: “Okay, thank you very much everybody, thank you”. He then walked out of left the room. During her speech, Immanuel asserted that she successfully treated 350 patients with Hydroxychloroquine, Zinc and Zithromax. Trump has been a strong advocate of the mixture, insisting it was the solution to coronavirus. Medical experts disagree and opine that only a vaccine could guarantee a total cure. Below are excerpts of Immanuel’s speech. “Hello, I’m Dr Stella Emmanuel. I’m a primary care physician in Houston, Texas. I went to medical school in West Africa, Nigeria, where I took care of malaria patients, treated them with hydroxychloroquine and stuff like that. So I’m used to these medications. “I’m here because I have personally treated over 350 patients with COVID-19. Patients that have diabetes, high blood pressure, asthma, old people. I think my oldest patients are 92, 87-year-olds. And the result has been the same. I put them on hydroxychloroquine, I put them on zinc, I put them on Zithromax, and they’re all well. “After taking care of over 350 patients, we’ve not lost one. And on top of that, I’ve put myself, my staff, and many doctors that I know on hydroxychloroquine for prevention because by the very mechanism of action, it works early and as a prophylaxis. The study that made me start using hydroxychloroquine was a study that they did under the NIH in 2005 that says it works. “Recently, I was doing some research about a patient that had hiccups and I found out that they even did a recent study in the NIH, which is our National Institute of Health. I know you’re going to tell me that you treated 20 people, 40 people, and it didn’t work. I’m a true testimony. So I came here to Washington DC to tell America nobody needs to get sick. “This virus has a cure. It is called hydroxychloroquine, zinc, and Zithromax. I know you people want to talk about a mask. Hello? You don’t need a mask. There is a cure.I tell all of you doctors that are sitting down and watching Americans die. You’re like the good Nazi, the good Germans that watched Jews get killed and you did not speak up. “I’ve gotten all kinds of threats. Or they’re going to report me to the bots. I say, you know what? I don’t care. And if this is the hill where I get nailed on, I will get nailed on it. You can kill me, you can do whatever, but I’m not going to let Americans die. And today I’m here to say it, that America, there is a cure for COVID-19.” “I thought her voice was an important voice, but I know nothing about her,” President Trump says of the video he retweeted where a woman claims masks don’t work & there’s a cure for Covid-19. Instead of explaining the contradiction given he’s endorsed masks, Trump left the room. pic.twitter.com/k8jKdrI1oz — Kaitlan Collins (@kaitlancollins) July 28, 2020