Two persons have been killed while one kidnapped in a renewed cult clash between Debam and Iceland confraternities in Inen Ikot Eteye and Ikot Inyang villages, Inen community in OrukAnam local government area of Akwa Ibom State. It was gathered that the attack which occurred at 7pm on Sunday claimed one Ubong Okon Udo Ibanga who operates a drinking joint opposite the village primary school in the area. An eyewitness Nse Okon Udo said the second victim who lived near the community market square popularly known as Urua Idung Okuwa was hacked by the same squad that killed the drinking joint operator and escaped with the corpse. Nse who did not disclose the name of the second victim explained that they died on the spot after several gunshots to the skull and belly and left in the pool of their blood. He said the same gang escaped to the neighbouring village in Ikot Inyang where one welder was kidnapped. Another eyewitness who pleaded anonymity said the community heard by sporadic gunshots that caused residents to run away from their homes for safety. “As I speak with you now, I ran away from my house since yesterday to hide in another village. When we heard the shooting, we knew that the” boys” are here again ” “Before we knew it two young men were down. I packed a few things like a pregnant woman carrying her emergency bag with my family and ran away to this place now” “I don’t know when I would return home. Our village is not safe for everybody. The cultists always attack rival group members but now they operate house to house every night stealing, killing and kidnapping ” “The one they kidnapped in another village is a welder who was doing well in his trade but was later broke and returned home. we don’t why they kidnapped him”, “There is shooting here every night and we don’t know what to do again. We live in fear. By 6pm you can’t see anybody on the road. Please tell the government to help us ” He said the police have carried one of the corpses last night while the corpse of the other was not found. ” We saw blood and some human flesh indicating that the victim is not alive ” The Police Public Relations Officer, Akwa Ibom Police Command, CSP Nnudam Frederick when contacted said the matter has not been reported by the DPO of OrukAnam local government area where the incident occurred.” “As a matter of fact I had a meeting with all the Divisional Police Officers (DPO) from the 31 council areas of Akwa Ibom State this morning but the DPO of OrukAnam never briefed me on the incident” “Thank you very much for the information I would call the DPO now for details, “he said.