The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Ogun State has taken a swipe at the Governor of the State, Prince Dapo Abiodun and the State House of Assembly for extending the tenure of the local government caretaker committees appointed in January. The party also challenged Governor Abiodun to make public, details of all Federal Allocations to each of the 20 Local Government areas in Ogun, from May 2019. DAILY POST reports that Governor Abiodun extended the three-month tenure of the council administrators in April. Again, the Ogun State House of Assembly recently approved the extension of their tenure for another three months. Governor Abiodun had sought the approval of the lawmakers to extend the tenure of the local government caretaker committees, saying the coronavirus pandemic will not allow him to conduct the local government election. But the PDP said it condemns in strong terms “the decision of the Ogun State House of Assembly to further extend the tenure of office of the illegality called Transition Committees across the 20 local governments in Ogun State.” The Ogun PDP, in a statement made available to DAILY POST by its Publicity Secretary, Akinloye Bankole, on Friday, said, “our party noticed with utmost dismay that this is the second time the state House of Assembly which ordinarily should be a comforting symbol of participatory democracy is embarking on a perfidious voyage of enthroning illegality in the constitutionally recognized third tier of government in the state.” Bankole said as a responsible opposition party, the PDP believes that continuous extension of tenure of offices of “such illegal committees in our Local Governments is a calculated attempt to further reduce the values of Local Government administration and subject it to the whims and caprices of state governors.” The statement reads in part: “Furthermore, we wish to remind the general public that by virtue of Section 7 of Nigerian constitution (as amended), composition of transition committees in our Local Government is clearly an aberration. “As a party, we have no doubt that the ruling government’s continuous disrespect for the provisions of the laws is deliberately aimed at looting and diverting resources meant for developmental strides of the people at the grassroot. “Therefore, our great party, the Peoples Democratic Party, hereby challenges the ruling government to immediately make public the entire details of all Federal Allocation to each of the 20 Local Government areas in Ogun State right from the inception of this government in May 2019 till today. “This challenge becomes fundamentally necessary for the sake of probity and accountability, as the people cannot remain in the dark in their own affairs.” Sounding a note of warning, Bankole said, “we also wish to put the ruling government on notice that the era when government affairs and businesses are shrouded in secrecy is gone as Ogun State now has a virile and an uncompromising voice of opposition that is ever ready and determined to keep the government accountable for all its actions and inactions.”