Lagos State Police command said it would soon charge to court the man who allegedly stabbed a PAGA agent to death in Asa Afariogun area of Ajao Estate, Isolo Local Council Development Area (LCDA). The Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Bala Elkana, who confirmed that the suspect was in the police custody, told DAILY POST that he may be charged to court for murder at the completion of investigation. The suspect identified as Uche Ede was apprehended and handed over to police officers at Ajao Estate Police Division by community residents while attempting to run away after stabbing his victim, Ogbechi Uwanakwe, and also maiming an eyewitness who was trying to rescue the victim. It was gathered that the suspect had entered Uwanakwe’s shop ‘Wisdom Frozen Food’, where she also operated Point of Sales (PoS) services, to steal some money. The eyewitness, who was buying something in the nearby shop, explained that the suspect had successfully stabbed Uwanakwe before she cried for help and before she could be rushed to the nearby Heda Hospital she had died. He explained: “The incident happened around past 3pm while it was raining. I was in the other shop buying something when I heard her crying for help only for me to see a guy was there with her. I assumed he was punching her not knowing he had stabbed her. So, I asked what the problem was and he quickly responded that he was not a thief. Then I told him he must be a thief to have given such a response. He then walked towards my direction and tried to punch me, not knowing that he had the knife with him. I dodged his fist, but he cut my hand with the knife in the process, pushed me and ran away. Then I started shouting “Ole Ole Ole” (thief, thief, thief) in order to raise alarm, people ran after him and caught him along the road. “I didn’t know what actually transpired between them. The victim was rushed to the hospital immediately but she was already dead.” Meanwhile, the police said that the victim’s remains have since been deposited in the mortuary for autopsy while the suspect is being interrogated by the homicide department in the state Criminal Investigation Department (CID) and will be charged to court for murder. While our correspondent visited the victim’s family at Joebest Crescent, Ajao Estate, Isolo Lagos, no member of the family was willing to talk to the press as someone was overheard to be saying: “This is not the best time because you don’t know how it feels.” The Victim’s boss, Pastor Chidi also refused to speak to the press on the incident.