A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Asiwaju Rotimi Ajanaku on Thursday warned Chairman of the party in Oyo State, Chief Akin Oke, against misleading President Muhammadu Buhari and other members of the public on the state of the party in the state. DAILY POST gathered that Oke had recently said there was no rancour within the state chapter of the party. But, Ajanaku while reacting, described Oke’s denial of rancour within the party in the state as the height of insincerity and insensitivity to the problems affecting the stability of the party in the state. Ajanaku while insisting that there are problems and rancour in the party, condemned Oke’s assertion that all is well in the party. He warned the Chairman of the party against misleading President Buhari and other members of the public that all is well with the party in Oyo State. Ajanaku said, “The chairman’s statement is unnecessary, insincere, a distraction and insensitive to the plights of the aggrieved party members. It’s unfair to the feelings and emotions of those who have contributed in no small ways to the survival and stability of the party in the state from its formative years. “Can we afford to lose all the party members and loyalists who are currently not with the party and still win 2023 elections? Can future elections be won for the party by the few individuals or opportunists who have benefited and are still benefiting from the party? Haven’t those marginalized and unjustly skimmed out at the party’s various primaries that preceded 2019 general elections rights to express grievances and displeasure? “Perhaps I should remind the chairman that shortly after 2019 elections when the party first made a move to reconcile its members, the leadership of the party under the authority of the late Senator Isiaq Abiola Ajimobi promised to ensure that those affected by the irregularities that characterized 2019 primaries would be compensated with various appointments. Can the chairman mention or list the names of those who have so been compensated? “Should we forget in a hurry how the party was built and formed? Wasn’t it through collective contributions of everyone, especially some of the people we see today as enemies of the party? I think progressivism is a political philosophy in support of social reform, so shouldn’t there be internal social reform? If progressive is said to be “a social or political movement that aims to represent the interests of ordinary people through political change and the support of government actions”, why would some people turn the party to secret organizations that are established to serve only their selfish interest. That’s why they continue to recycle themselves by fencing out others?