Contractors who poorly handled government school projects across Kwara State, have been ordered back to go and fix such projects. The Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related offences Commission, ICPC, Constituency Projects Tracking Team, now on a tour of Kwara State said the concerned contractors must fix such projects to the Bill of Quantity guidelines before their visit to such sites. Team leader, Aminu Bala, handed down the warning during an inspection tour of some Universal Basic Education Commission, UBEC’s constituency school projects executed in the state. He said, “Contractors who know they have not done proper jobs should go back and do the correct things in line with the Bill of Quantity (BoQ) guidelines of the projects. “If we get to a school, and we find out that the project is not well executed, we will ask the contractor to go back to the site. “They should go back and quickly do the right thing in line with the guidelines of the project,” he declared. Bala also advised the communities where the projects are located to take ownership of them, explaining that, “the projects are executed with Federal government’s money and not the facilitators. “Facilitators are not the owners of the projects but only attracted them to the communities because they know the needs of their people and assisted them to get the projects for them,” Bala added. He urged benefiting communities to ensure that the projects are well maintained and always in good condition. The tracking team visited 10 communities in ASA Local Government Area of Kwara State to track streetlights installed by contractors at Sapati- Ile, Abayawo, Ogbondoroko, Ago-Oja, Reke, Laduba, Afon, Aboto-Alfa, Budo-Egba and Ote. According to the report of the tracking team, except Abayawo and Reke, where all the eleven streetlights were identified, only five and six were installed in Sapati and Ogbondoroko respectively, while one fell short of the original figure based on the contract’s specifications. Also, five instead of seven each were installed in the remaining communities with a shortfall of 13 poles altogether. School projects inspected within the Kwara Central senatorial district included, Government Day Junior Secondary School, Adewole, Mount Camel Primary school, Oloje, Ansarul Islam Secondary School, Ogidi, Apata-Babaoyo LEA primary school, Anifowose Primary and Junior Secondary School, Ipata-Oloje, and Government Girls Day Secondary School, Pakata.