Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday directed a speedy and coordinated investigation into the fraudulent allegations in the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC. Buhari called for better coordination among security and investigating agencies with the National Assembly to ensure that the administration’s effort to bring sanity, transparency and accountability to the management of the large amount of resources dedicated to the development of the Niger Delta sub-region is not derailed. Buhari’s directive was contained in a statement signed by his spokesman, Garba Shehu. 2. The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the United Labour Congress (ULC) have ended their years of face-off. On Thursday, the bodies agreed to merge under the NLC umbrella. NLC President, Ayuba Wabba, made the announcement after a joint meeting of unions in Abuja. In attendance were ULC President, Joe Ajaero, and other leaders of the union. Ajaero was announced as new NLC Deputy President. 3. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, Thursday moved the former Managing Director of the Niger-Delta Development Commission, NDDC, Joy Nunieh out of her residence to Government House, Port Harcourt. Officers had stormed the home of the former Interim Chairman of NDDC at Owuru Creek view, off Herbert Macaulay Street, Old GRA, Port Harcourt in an attempt to arrest her. Wike had boasted after the intervention that Rivers State was out to protect Joy and the rest of its people. 4. Members of the Niger State House of Assembly have sacked the Majority and Deputy Minority leaders allegedly over issues affecting the smooth running of the House. The affected key officers include Honorable Musa Suleiman, representing Magama constituency and Hon. Andrew Danjuma Jagaba, Munya constituency. Raising the motion for the removal of the two lawmakers during the House plenary was Hon. Jibrin Ndagi Baba, Lavun constituency and was seconded by Hon. Mohammed Rama, Edati constituency. They said the members no longer have confidence in them. 5. The Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria, FAAN, has called out Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri of Adamawa State for violating COVID-19 travel guidelines at the Port Harcourt International Airport. FAAN on its official Twitter account on Thursday said Fintiri and his entourage stopped health officials from checking their temperature and being sanitized. It strongly condemned the incident, describing the Governor’s action as ‘irresponsible.’ 6. The Nigeria’s House of Representatives has ordered the Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, to quickly arrest and probe the Acting Managing Director (MD) of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), Professor Kemebradikumo Daniel Pondei, for what it described as ‘contempt of the legislature’. The House Committee on NDDC, has summoned the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the NDDC to make presentation at the ongoing investigative hearing into the financial recklessness at the Commission but the Acting MD, questioned the credibility of the House Committee. 7. Aare Onakakanfo of Yorubaland, Gani Adams, is not satisfied with the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) explanation that a reversing car killed combat pilot, Tolulope Arotile. He wants to know how such a promising young girl could be killed by a reversing car within the premises of the barrack, the person that drove the car, his or her name and the whereabouts of the suspected killer. Adams urged the federal government and the international community to probe the “suspicious death”. 8. Ibrahim Magu, the suspended acting chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), has denied the allegations that he gave N4 billion to Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo. Magu described the claim as false and a calculated attempt to tarnish Osinbajo’s hard-earned image. The suspended EFCC boss, equally denied giving the sum of N28 million to Femi Falana, SAN, a human rights lawyer. Magu spoke in a petition signed by his lawyer, Wahab Kunle Shittu and addressed to the Chairman of the Presidential Investigations Panel, Justice Isa Ayo Salami. 9. The South-South Governors Forum have declared support for the forensic audit of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC ordered by President Muhammadu Buhari. The Governors also expressed concern over the crisis rocking the NDDC. Chairman of the Forum and Delta State Governor, Senator Ifeanyi Okowa, in a statement, said they are convinced and expecting that the audit would serve to put the NDDC on a sound corporate governance footing. The Governors also declared their support for the ongoing investigation of the commission by the Senate. 10. The Federal Government has said that it is probing Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State; the immediate past Governor of Zamfara State, Abdul’aziz Yari and publisher of Thisday Newspapers, Nduka Obaigbena, for allegedly abusing the COVID-19 guidelines at different airports. The Minister of Aviation, Hadi Sirika, revealed this during the briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Thursday. He said that the government would apologize to them if they come out clean.