Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has hailed the international community for their support towards the successful execution of the National Economic Sustainability Plan (NESP). He spoke on Thursday at a virtual meeting with representatives of the international community from the United States (US), the European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK), agencies of the United Nations (UN), World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Minister for Industry, Trade and Investment Minister, Niyi Adebayo, a member of the Economic Sustainability Committee attended. Osinbajo applauded their commitment to Nigeria’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, noting that the country will take advantage of the crisis to effect significant changes in the critical sectors of the Nigerian economy. ”We intend to implement that as closely as possible. We hope that when we get to some of the more technical aspects and full implementation, we will then be able to work with you and see in what areas you will be in the position to assist. ”We really are working towards ensuring that we take full advantage of the crisis. There is no question at all as to our determination to ensure that we are able to quickly surmount the challenges.” The VP restated the government’s condolences on the killing of five aid workers by Boko Haram. UN Humanitarian Coordinator Edward Kallon said interactions between the Federal government and stakeholders would aid a smooth implementation of the plan. “We want to support the vision of (Nigerian) government in its response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the Economic Sustainability Plan gives us the opportunity.” At the meeting were Mary Beth Leonard, US Ambassador to Nigeria; Ketil Karlsen, Head, EU Delegation to Nigeria and ECOWAS; Catriona Laing, UK High Commissioner to Nigeria (represented by John Primrose, Acting Commissioner); Chris Pycroft, Head, Department for International Development (DFID) in Nigeria; and Mohamed Yahya, Representative, United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in Nigeria. Others were, Kurt Cornelis, Head of Cooperation, EU Delegation to Nigeria and ECOWAS; Shubham Chaudhuri, Country Director, World Bank; Jesmin Rahman, Representative and Chief of Mission, International Monetary Fund (IMF), among others.