The Federal High Court sitting in Calabar, on Tuesday, sentenced a 47-year-old security man, Obinna Andrew from Abia State to 16 years imprisonment with the option of N3, 000,000 fine for sexually exploiting two minors. Justice Simon Amobeda, who delivered the judgment said, that the judgment was given to serve as a deterrent to others who were planning to commit similar crime following the rise of sexual exploitation of minors in the society. Amobeda, however, added that since the convict was a first time offender and pleaded guilty without wasting the time of the court, the court gave him some considerations. “This judgment will run from the day the convict was arrested” the judge said and called on the prison warders to take the convict away, adding that he was in their hands now. In an interview, the prosecuting counsel, Mr. Nduka Nwanwenne, said the convict was first arraigned on February 26 and was sentenced on June 30 for violating the trafficking in person provision and enforcement act, 2015. Nwanwenne, who is the Uyo zonal Commander National Agency for Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), said the convict was arraigned on a four-count charge following section 15 and 16, subsection 1 of the trafficking in person act which deals with harbouring and sexually assaulting minors. “He took two girls that were stranded into an apartment which was actually at the High Court Judges Quarters here in Calabar. “There he sexually exploited them after inducing them with Indian hemp and even invited his friends to equally do the same thing. “One of the girls, however, pretended to want to ease herself, went out and jumped over the fence into the compound of a judge, just tying a towel and there she was apprehended, that was what led to the arrest and subsequent prosecution of the convict,” he said. According to him, the Director-General of NAPTIP, Mrs. Julie Donli, has zero-tolerance on issues of exploitation and trafficking and it was in that light that the convict was prosecuted within a short time. He said this was a clear message to others who may be involved in similar crimes that it was no longer business as usual, adding that they would be apprehended at any point in time.