The House of Representatives has resolved to investigate purported voluntary resignation of 365 soldiers. The decision to probe the circumstance of the resignation followed the adoption of a motion of matters of urgent public importance moved by the Chief Whip of the House, Muhammed Monguno and 3 others on Tuesday. According to the mover of the motion, the soldiers tendered their resignation due to alleged embezzlement of allowances and inferior military hardwares. Monguno in his motion linked the recent exposé by Lance Corporal Martins Idakpein to the mass resignation. “On the 22nd of June 2020, a lance corporal in the Nigerian Army, Martins Idakpein made an online video where he condemned the attitude of the Service Chiefs towards the attacks and killing of Nigerians and soldiers as well as untold hardship soldiers face while conducting combat operations, ” Monguno stated. He also highlighted the series of protests by military personnel due to poor welfare and poor working conditions. “On several occasions, soldiers have disobeyed orders from superior officers in protest of poor welfare arrangements, and alleged embezzlement of allowances due them by the superiors, and there have been cases of mutiny and sporadic shooting and attempt shooting of superior officers. “Recently, Major General Olusegun Adeniyi, the commander of operation Lafiya Dole was removed for complaining about inferior military wares while briefing the Chief of Army Staff, ” he said. He revealed that having disgruntled retired soldiers without employment opportunity is dangerous. “On the 3rd of July, 366 solders which is a battalion serving in the north-east and other theaters of operation wrote to the COAS, asking for voluntary retirement from the Nigerian army, citing loss of interest. “Military sources blamed low morale and mass casualty for such resignations. If this is not brought under check by having disgruntled soldiers in the society without job security, it may become a major security threat.” The Committee on Army was mandated to investigate the circumstances surrounding the mass resignation.