The Ohanaeze Youth Council, OYC, has described the fifty Billion Naira(N50b) lawsuit against President Muhammadu Buhari by a forum of Southern Leaders as an attempt to collapse the bridges and political alliances the Igbos had built across the Niger. The group lamented that the stance of the Igbo leaders that were signatories to the litigation posed a grave danger to the collective interests of the people of Igbo nation. It berated the activities of the Southern leaders, positing that the Igbo leaders that joined in the lawsuit were not representing the generality of opinions of the people of Igbo race. This was contained in a press release signed by OYC President, Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro and the Secretary-General, Okwu Nnabuike and made available to newsmen, on Wednesday. DAILY POST recalls that a group of southern elders and leaders of socio-cultural groups in the region had dragged President Muhammadu Buhari before a Federal High Court, Abuja, demanding N50bn over what they termed lopsided appointments and developments in the country. In the suit filed by counsel to the plaintiffs, Chief Mike Ozekhome (SAN), the group alleged that since the inception of his administration in 2015, President Buhari’s appointments have contravened the provisions of the 1999 Constitution and the Federal Character Principle. The 16 elders listed in the suit marked FHC/ABJ/CS/595/2020 include: Chief Edwin Clark, Chief Reuben Fasoranti, Dr. John Nnia Nwodo, Dr. Pogu Bittus, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, Alaowei Bozimo, Mrs Sarah Doketri, Chief Chukwuemeka Ezeife and Air Commodore Idongsit Nkanga. The leaders alleged that the Southern region has been deliberately short-changed by the Buhari-led administration. But, OYC, in a statement, revealed that it had engaged its legal team to review the legal implications of the N50bn lawsuit against President Buhari and recommend appropriate actions. The Igbo youth group also dissociated itself from the inclusion as among the signatories of the 50bn lawsuit against Mr. President and warned disgruntled elements using the Ohanaeze Ndigbo, without proper consultation and approval from the Imeobi, which is the highest decision making organ of the apex Igbo organization. Ohanaeze youths further warned that the culprits would be severely punished and ostracized accordingly, as the Igbo nation cannot be a clog in the wheel of progress recorded by the Buhari-led federal government.