Bauchi State governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, has said that the state will boost its Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) from N200 million to N1 billion in order to ensure rapid development. Speaking at a media chat in Bauchi on Saturday the governor informed that his administration had put in place strategies aimed at achieving this. According to him, boosting the state’s IGR becomes imperative since revenue accruing to the state coffers is becoming low. The governor informed that the state government would soon contract a consultant to help the state boost its IGR “The only way to ensure rapid development of our state is to raise our IGR because it is so low. We don’t have to rely on Federal Allocation because it is no longer enough due to a dwindling economy. “Right now, we have concluded arrangements to procure a consultant to help us as we don’t want to burden other sectors,” Governor Mohammed informed. He added that the COVID-19 pandemic ravaging the world has slowed down everything globally. “We have conquered Coronavirus and even the WHO have said that we will have to live with the virus. “We have been singled out as one of the states that have done so much in the fight against COVID-19. Out of the 235 cases, only 22 are on admission in the state,” he stated. The governor declared that his administration has recorded a lot of achievements, including prudent management of resources, within its first year in office “So far, we have achieved so much during the first year. We are doing a very robust cash flow, management of resources and freeing resources where they are locked up by corruption, ineptitude and inefficiency. “We are deepening and reinvigorating the bureaucracy in such a manner that will look inwards and provide goods and services within our limited resources. “Where we cannot rescue our resources, we will go to the EFCC or ICPC and get our money back. “Even previous projects that were done by the previous administration like the Soro-Miya road. We are not going to let go of the money that Bauchi State has; we must get it back. So we are working hard, but quietly. We don’t want overexposure,” he said The governor assured that his administration will be financially prudent in its spending, adding that the cash flow is very low. According to him, the state government has pledged to pay N300 million to retirees and pensioners every year for gratuities and pensions, lamenting, however, that the government pays less than that due to dwindling revenue. Uzodinma signs Imo State revenue administration bill 2020 into law Bauchi presents 167bn budget proposal for 2020 fiscal year Ban on NURTW remains in force - Makinde