The Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa, on Sunday faulted the remark by the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, that churches should remain closed. Pastor Giwa said CAN was not representing Christians in Nigeria but “romancing government to satisfy their insatiable desires.” CAN President, Rev. Supo Ayokunle, had said the relaxation of lockdown had led to the rise in number of COVID-19 cases in the country, hence churches should remain closed. However, Pastor Giwa described CAN’s position as unfortunate, ‘unbiblical’ and disappointing. Giwa stated this in a statement he signed and sent to DAILY POST. According to Giwa: “I find a statement credited to the president of Christian Association of Nigeria, Rev. Supo Ayokunle that the church should remain closed unbiblical, unfortunate and disappointing. However, I should not be surprised by this because the Christians were those who arrested and crucified our Lord Jesus Christ. Closing the house of God sends a very strong message to God that we humans can handle situations without Him. Has CAN forgotten that God has a solution to every problem? “When we read these accounts in Scripture, we are prompted to ask, why did these people speak the way they did and feel the way they did with such hostility toward Jesus? It’s difficult to provide a complete answer as to why they were motivated in this way, but the most obvious reason was that they hated Jesus because He exposed them. CAN does not represent Christians in Nigeria, but only representing itself, a group of people who are romancing with a government to satisfy their insatiable desires. Let me remind Rev. Ayokunle that Hebrews 11:30 tells us that it was by faith that the people of Israel marched around the walls of Jericho for seven days before the walls came crashing down. Where is your faith Rev. Ayokunle? “By faith, Shadrach Meshach and Abednego stood their ground and trusted in God in the face of the threat of the fiery furnace and God delivered them from king Nebuchadnezzar (Daniel 3). It was faith that saved Daniel when king Darius threw him into a lion’s den (Read Daniel chapter 6). “Rev. Ayokunle’s statement further tells me that he is part of those creating fear in the minds of others. However, I don’t think CAN has power to speak on behalf of Christians. Where was CAN when Boko Haram beheaded Rev. Lawan Andimi after crying out to the group that his abductors were demanding for ransom which they failed to provide? Do you know how many Christians that Boko Haram had killed, kidnapped and beheaded without CAN taking any proactive action against this injustice? “Do you know how long it took CAN before it reacted to the abduction of Leah Sharibu after someone like me and a few others expressed disappointment at their silence? What is the organization doing to secure the release of the young girl now? When Honorable Femi Gbajabiamila scrupulously introduced the satanic bill, tagged “Control of Infectious Disease bill” to the House, it was I who cried out to CAN to wake up from slumber before it later wrote a “weak letter” to the House of Representatives. Is CAN still alive? “The body is only representing itself, not Christians in Nigeria. They have allowed political interest to divide them, and this has continued to affect the nation in all ramifications. The truth is that they have nothing to say to power because they are among those who put the country in a quandary. Money has continued to divide the Christian Association of Nigeria(CAN). ”Speak the truth to each other, and render true and sound judgment in your courts, according to the book of Zechariah 8:16. “Our leaders have failed us; individual needs to seek God as it is in Nigeria. Any leader who fails to protect his people is worthless. Only the lukewarm Christians would support the closure of the church. Is CAN still sleeping to know that COVID-19 is no longer real in Nigeria? When will CAN wake up from its bad dream?” COVID-19: Why churches will remain closed - CAN COVID-19: Pastor Adewale Giwa begs Gov. Akeredolu to open churches COVID-19 lockdown: 'You're coward' - Pastor Giwa blasts Akeredolu for calling off Easter services