The much awaited consensus candidate of the Unity Forum, a formidable group within the Ondo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has been announced. The group announced Olusola Oke as its candidate on Monday to face Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu at the APC primaries slated for July, 2020. Unity Forum, headed by the former Deputy Governor of Ondo State, Alhaji Ali Olanusi is an umbrella body of aggrieved APC governorship aspirants and party stalwarts working against the re-election bid of Governor Akeredolu. Olanusi made the announcement in Akure, the Ondo State capital following the submission of the report of a 7-man gubernatorial candidate selection committee set up by the group. The committee was headed by Senator Yele Omogunwa while Prof Sola Ehindero served as secretary. While announcing Oke as the group’s candidate, Olanusi called upon party members and stalwarts to mobilize support for his victory at the primaries. “Gentlemen of the press, considering the mood of the state and continuous ban on political meetings and the fact that INEC has given its nod for electronic campaign, we hereby present to the public the long awaited report of the Ondo APC Unity Forum concerning its governorship aspirant for the 2020 governorship election in Ondo State, as presented by the Gubernatorial Candidate Selection Committee. “The Unity Forum, by the content of the report has adopted Chief Olusola Oke, SAN, as the candidate of the Forum. All the leaders and members of the Unity Forum are hereby enjoined to begin mobilization across the state for the candidate of the forum.” Aspirants within the Unity Forum included, Dr. Segun Abraham, Barr. Olarewaju Kazeem, Barr. Bukola Adetula, Prince Dapo Adelegan, Adelami Olayide Owolabi, Akintunde Akinsewa Awodeyi. Other are Barr. Mrs. Jumoke Anifowose, Chief Olusola Oke, Engr Ife Oyedele and Prince Jimmy Odimayo. Ondo: Akeredolu gets warning over deputy gov Ajayi as group makes revealations Ondo: I don’t need your support to win second term – Akeredolu tells Unity Forum Ondo 2020: Boroffice speaks on supporting Akeredolu's second term bid