Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State said the COVID-19 lockdown in the state will now end on May 9. Abiodun disclosed this on Friday, at a press conference he addressed at the Okemosan Governor’s office, Abeokuta. In his reaction to President Muhammadu Buhari’s order that lockdown be relaxed on May 3 in Ogun, Lagos and Abuja, Abiodun said “for us in Ogun State, the extension will now end on Sunday, 9th May, that is, taking into consideration the initial one week of grace granted us by Mr. President.” However, Gov Abiodun said, “our relaxation window remains Monday, 4th May; Wednesday, 6th May; and Friday, 8th May.” He said “the new time frame will, however, now be from 7am to 5pm on those days.” This, he said, will give the people ample time to conduct necessary economic activities and to get to their various homes before the commencement of the daily curfew as directed by Mr. President. “For the avoidance of doubt, the curfew is from 8pm to 6am every day and will be strictly enforced,” he stated. According to Abiodun, in the last few weeks, the number of confirmed cases in Ogun State has continued to rise to more than double. As at last April 30, the governor informed that there are 56 confirmed cases of Covid-19 in Ogun State as against 35 confirmed cases a week ago. He said “Out of these 8 have been discharged to re-join their families and restart normal life; whilst we have 47 active cases who are currently receiving efficient treatment from our medical officers.” Abiodun declared that most of the new cases arise from the influx of immigrants, that is, Nigerians coming into the country through Ogun land borders and those coming into Ogun from others states of the country. He disclosed that “On Tuesday 28th April, we discovered that 24 people entered Ilushin in Ogun Waterside LGA, and, just 24 hours after, another 12 people were rounded up in Odogbolu LGA. This calls for vigilance from all of us.” “Their appearance in our dear State has serious implications for public health and safety because the Federal Government has prohibited all forms of interstate travel except for essential service. We hereby call on our law enforcement agents, traditional rulers and community leaders to be vigilant and report any visitors to the police,” Abiodun said. COVID-19 lockdown to begin on Friday in Ogun - Gov Abiodun COVID-19: Ogun to enforce total lockdown Ogun records first COVID-19 death as toll rises to 29