Sequel to the killing of University of Jos lecturer, Dr. Nandi Darenkat, and abduction of his six-year-old daughter by kidnappers over the weekend, the Plateau State Police Command has rescued the daughter and as well rescued two other kidnapped victims. Also, a vigilante, who took part in the rescue operation, was killed during exchange of fire by the security operatives and the kidnappers. DAILY POST recalls that a lecturer with the Department of Social Science Education at the University of Jos, Dr Kennedy Nandi Drenkat, was on Friday around 12 midnight shot dead by unknown gunmen in his house at the Bauchi road Senior staff quarters of the University. Also, his daughter of about six years old was also taken away by the gunmen. The State Commissioner of Police Edward Egbuka, while briefing journalists on the incident, said the Police Command on Saturday, received a distress call at road 6 University Senior staff quarters, Jos where some hoodlums entered the house of one Dr. Nandi Drenkat a lecturer with the University of Jos where he was shot dead and his six years old daughter was kidnapped. According to him, “immediately the Command received the information, on the same date, a combined team of conventional policemen, mobile men, operatives from anti kidnapping unit, vigilante group and hunters were deployed to the hilly areas where the kidnapped victim was suspected to have been kept.” Egbuka further explained that, the scene was thoroughly combed and in the process, the kidnappers were sighted on the hill and there was a gun duel between the operatives and the kidnappers. “In the process one of the kidnappers named Ali Mohammed of Narabi was shot on his right leg and was arrested with one AK 47 rifle with breach Number 1984/AP 0240, 29 rounds of live ammunition was also recovered from him. A kidnapped victim name Chiboze Joseph was rescued unhurt while other bandits fled with blood injuries. “On interrogation, the suspect confessed to the crime. Case under investigation and will be charged to court as soon as possible,” he said. The State Commissioner of Police further added that the Command extended their search for the last kidnapped victim to Babale mountain, Jos north LGA adding that on sighting the combined teams, the hoodlums opened fire on them, the teams overpowered the hoodlums which led to the rescue of the kidnapped victim Joanna Drenkat six years old unhurt. He said the manhunt for the fleeing suspect continues and therefore solicited for useful information from members of the public to aid in the arrest of the fleeing suspects. The Commissioner of Police further also enjoined members of the public to report any suspected cases of Covid-19 infection to Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC). UniJos lecturers urge Reps committee to investigate all Federal Universities Kidnappers, police in gun duel, rescue 20-year-old girl in Jigawa Police rescues 6-year-old son of Bayelsa Commissioner after spending Christmas, New Year in kidnapper's den