The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Monday, accused northern leaders of exporting coronavirus from Kano State to southeastern states. IPOB alleged that Arewa leaders were secretly sending COVID-19 infected patients under the guise of repatriating almajiris to the southeast. A statement signed by IPOB spokesperson, Emma Powerful, maintained that the culture of almajiris was alien to Igbo culture. The separatist group warned that it won’t allow such because the Southeast is alien to almajiri culture. IPOB wondered why almajiris were repatriated to Enugu State. The statement reads: “We the global family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu wish to draw the attention of Biafrans and the world at large over the ploy by some Northern elements to export coronavirus from its Kano epicenter to other parts of Nigeria particularly Biafra land. Those behind this evil plot are currently pursuing its actualisation under the guise of repatriation of almajiris to their home states. “It is a known fact that Biafra has no almajiri as that is not our culture. Why then are those behind the sending of almajiri boys to Enugu doing so if not to infest Biafrans with COVID-19? No almajiri is of Biafra origin. Why then are they being sent to Enugu? IPOB won’t accept despatching of almajiri boy to Enugu or any part of Biafra land. “Arewa north dominated by Fulani has been secretly sending Coronavirus patients in the name of sending out their alamajiri group to Enugu state since the lockdown started. Some of those almajiri sent to Enugu State but intercepted by security agents were tested and found positive of COVID-19 pandemic . Dispatching alamajiri to our land under any guise will not be accepted. We shall stoutly resist this move. “It is no longer hidden that coronavirus pandemic (COVID19) is currently ravaging Kano and other parts of the North. Instead of locking down to stem the spread as was done by all states in Biafra land, Northern leaders opened their borders and allowed free movement of their people many of who are now infested with the pandemic. Now they intend to infest the rest of us with the virus under the guise of repatriation of almajiris. We won’t allow this evil plot as no almajiri is from Biafra land.” The group urged politicians, Christian bodies alongside businessmen and women in the Southeast to reject the repatriation of almajiris to the region. “We, therefore, urge everybody in Biafra land including politicians, businessmen and women as well as students, churches and all the stakeholders in our land to stand up and stop these evil people with their alamajiri group transfered in Biafra. “Our land cannot be a depot for alamajiri. Let them stay in North where they were incubated. Everybody knows that alamajiris are wanderers causing uprising, mayhem and crises in the whole of North. Most of the attacks against Christians and Biafrans living in the North as well as Christian communities in the North have their signature tunes,” IPOB added.