The Bauchi State government has said that two new cases of coronavirus deaths have been recorded in the State. Dr Rilwanu Mohammed, Executive Chairman, Bauchi State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (BASPHCDA) disclosed this in an interview with newsmen in Bauchi on Monday. Mohammed said the two deaths recorded brings the number of deaths in the State to five. He further explained that nine patients were also discharged, bringing the total number of discharged cases in the State to 112. He said “Yes! We have just discharged nine patients, this brings the total number of discharged cases in the state to one hundred and twelve (112). “We have have also recorded two new death cases, this brings the total number of deaths recorded so far in the state to five. “We are not waiting like other states, we swing into action by treating any positive patient immediately they are admitted. “We give them drugs that are on trial and they are recovering, the only thing is that people are still having denial in their minds. “People should wake up to the reality that COVID-19 is real and should come for testing whenever they are having any of the signs as outlined by health experts.” The State has so far recorded 224 confirmed COVID-19 cases, with 112 discharged, five deaths and 107 active cases. Akwa Ibom: Three COVID-19 patients discharged after testing negative Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Monday morning Lassa fever kills 41 people in Bauchi These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More