15 May 2020, Lagos, Nigeria OPPO, today officially unveils the Reno3 and Reno3 Pro in Nigeria via an online launch event streamed live on the OPPO Nigeria Facebook, Instagram and Twitter pages; in accordance to the recent health guidelines. The launch event was hosted by brand Influencer Toke Makinwa, featuring top Tech Influencer Fisayo Fosudo, top creative photographer Amazing Klef, top celebrity comedian Taooma, alongside key members of the OPPO team. Powered by the all-new ColorOS 7, the Reno3 is based on Android 10 and an ultra clear 44MP selfie camera with 108MP ultra clear image capacity. It delivers high-definition clear and naturally beautiful shots, without missing any details. On the other hand, the Reno3 Pro packs OPPO’s latest technology advancement and outstanding photography into the world’s first design of 44MP+2MP Dual Punch-hole Super AMOLED Display on the Reno3 Pro. The outstanding performances is well recognized by multiple international renowned institutions such ad TÜV Rheinland, Dolby Atmos® and Netflix. “Since our first launch in the Nigerian Market in 2019, OPPO has stayed true to its core belief – ‘a global brand with local insight’. The Reno3 Series launch is a clear testimony to this belief. We have always been proud to put our customers at the forefront of everything we do. We believe this new launch would truly provide our users a wholesome device for their everyday use”, said Nengi Akinola, the Marketing Manager, OPPO Nigeria at the launch event. With the Reno3 Series, OPPO is set to create a new mobile photography trend and redefine the smartphone photography experience.  Breaking the Limitation of Lighting Context to Deliver “Clear in Every Shot” OPPO has always been at the forefront of technology breakthroughs specific to smartphone photography performance innovation. Reno3 Series is here to challenge all lighting conditions of our daily life and to deliver photo&video of outstanding quality. In the back, packed with 64MP Zoom Quadcam which includes 64MP Ultra-clear Main Camera, 13MP Telephoto Lens, 8MP Ultra Wide-angle Lens and 2MP Mono Lens, Reno3 Pro can meet the needs for ultra-wide angle, normal, and telephoto photography, even up to 20x Digital zoom. Pairing with Ultra Clear 108MP Image, daily photography is greatly improved without missing any details. In the front, 44MP Ultra-clear Main Camera delivers high-definition selfies with authentic details of people’s facial texture and ornaments. On top of that, to make everyone appear natural and beautiful when taking selfies, OPPO puts a groundbreaking endeavor of its first Dual Lens Bokeh on the front cameras on Reno3 Pro, enabling better image matting and background gradient for selfies taken alone and in a group, especially when people pose differently. For the first time, OPPO has added Ultra Night Mode algorithm in the front cameras. As taking selfie at night is a popular scenario for young explorers, Ultra Night Selfie Mode guarantees them to capture the facial clarity and brightness in dim light. Moreover, the Ultra Dark Mode on rear camera makes photo taking in the dark so much easier. When ambient lighting is lower than 1 lux, Ultra Dark Mode will automatically turn on to help you capture the scenes that human eyes could not see. Using NPU, the Ultra Dark Mode realizes AI algorithm acceleration, challenging scenarios such as pubs and streets at night, which will be perfectly captured. Notably, Reno3 Series is another strong proof of OPPO’s consistent endeavor to bring lab technology such as Lossless Zoom to everyday use cases. In fact, OPPO has always been a trailblazer in the field of zooming technology. On Reno3 Series, OPPO brought this cutting-edge technology closer to more users with 5x Hybrid Zoom and 20x Digital Zoom, especially optimized user scenarios when taking portraits or capturing words from a lecture in a distance. Regarding videography on Reno3 Series, the Ultra Steady Video has evolved into Ultra Steady Video 2.0, with two modes for extreme and life scenarios respectively. Attitude assessment and compensation are carried out more accurately by Electronic Image Stabilization (EIS). The anti-shake effect, smoothness, and image quality are greatly improved. Ultra Steady Video 2.0 enhances stability for videos taken, minimizing impact on clearness, while retaining slight motions to maintain an authentic visual expression. Together with Video Bokeh, Video Zoom and AI Beauty Mode, Reno3 Series stimulates the imagination of users by rendering movie-like videos easily. Soloop, the Smart Video Editor, comes in handy for beginners who can confidently get it started to record life stories via videos. Innovative User-centric Design of OPPO Aesthetics The Reno3 Series is further innovated based on OPPO’s design language, carrying on OPPO’s brand aesthetics to deliver and show the lightweight, infinite beauty of technology to users. Inspired by the natural light appearing on the sky, the Reno3 Series comes in Midnight Black and Auroral Blue respectively showing the beauty of the mysterious midnight and cheerful morning. Reno3 Pro comes with the OPPO’s first Dual Punch-hole design, while Reno3 is equipped with waterdrop display, meeting the needs of different group of customers. Featuring 6.4″ Super AMOLED Display, Reno3 Pro uses E3 sunlight display materials to enhance sunlight readability. Advanced Hardware and Software that Delivers Outstanding Performance World-firstly empowered by MTK latest chips P95, along with 8GB RAM + 256GB ROM, Reno3 Pro, which is also supported with three independent card slots, enjoys super-performance setup, offering a smooth phone experience. Meanwhile, Reno3 Pro has a 30W VOOC Flash Charge 4.0, the fastest and safest charging solution at its price, enabling the 4025mAh battery to charge up to 50 percent within 20 minutes. For mobile gamers, MediaTek Helio P95 also includes MediaTek HyperEngine gaming technology, for fast, fluid graphics and responsive, uninterrupted gameplay. With ColorOS 7, Reno3 Series also offers a significantly improved gaming performance to provide an immersive and smooth gaming experience. Hyper Boost cuts down on lag and runs games faster and more seamlessly, thanks to touch optimization and frame rate optimization. Touch optimization increases the frequency of touch scanning while reducing unnecessary processes, and further ensures that touch response remains fast even in low power conditions. It also reallocates system resources by detecting and predicting scenarios to realize frame rate optimization, meaning that games run smoothly, even in heavy-loading scenarios. Plus, with Elevoc algorithm, Reno3 Series can eliminate howlround experienced in voice chats during gaming, which can be caused when players are too close to each other. Significantly, OPPO’s proprietary technology – OPPO Screen Image Engine (OSIE) debuts in Nigeria. This technology will effectively increase the image quality, which is also the industry’s first visual effect optimization software for short video images. Powered by Dolby Atmos® & Hi-Res Audio, Reno3 Series empowers users to enjoy the audio banquet anytime, anywhere, and light up their busy life. The new ColorOS 7 also unveils a series of stunning visual effects. Driven by its Infinite Design concept, ColorOS 7 is sleeker and more youthful, opening up lightweight, simple, and efficient visual and audio interactions that give users more control over their phones in an intuitive, effortless way.Meanwhile, Dark Mode creates a superior reading experience in all-day conditions, helping users concentrate more and reducing battery consumption. There are also several special features on Reno3 Series, for example the Multi-user Mode, which supports multiple user profiles. Market availability OPPO Reno3 Pro, packed with 8GB RAM and 256GB ROM, 64MP Zoom Quadcam, 44MP Dual Punch-hole Camera with Dual Lens Bokeh, and world-first-ever 44MP+2MP Dual Punch-hole Super AMOLED Display and OPPO Reno3, with 8GB RAM and 128GB ROM，48MP Zoom Quadcam, 44MP Front Camera will also be available for pre-order from 15/5/2020 to 19/5/2020 and will be available for sale via accredited dealerships and key eCommerce platforms nationwide. The RRP is N159,000 and N209,000 respectively and it is also protected by a 2-year OPPO Care Warranty policy. About OPPO OPPO is a leading global smart device brand. Since launching its first smartphone – “Smiley Face” – in 2008, OPPO has been in relentless pursuit of the synergy of aesthetic satisfaction and innovative technology, Today, OPPO provides customers with a wide range of smart devices spearheaded by the Find and Reno series, ColorOS operating system, as well as internet services such as OPPO Cloud and OPPO+. OPPO operates in more than 40 countries and regions, with 6 research institutes and 4 R&D centers worldwide and an international design center in London, OPPO’s more than 40,000 employees are dedicated to creating a better life for customers around the world. About MediaTek Inc. MediaTek Incorporated (TWSE: 2454) is a global fabless semiconductor company that enables 1.5 billion connected devices a year. We are a market leader in developing innovative systems-on-chip (SoC) for mobile device, home entertainment, connectivity and IoT products. Our dedication to innovation has positioned us as a driving market force in several key technology areas, including highly power-efficient mobile technologies, automotive solutions and a broad range of advanced multimedia products such as smartphones, tablets, digital televisions, 5G, Voice Assistant Devices (VAD) and wearables. MediaTek empowers and inspires people to expand their horizons and achieve their goals through smart technology, more easily and efficiently than ever before. We work with the brands you love to make great technology accessible to everyone, and it drives everything we do. Visit www.mediatek.com for more information.