With the COVID-19 pandemic still ravaging the country, the Governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu has warned residents of the state against intake of unauthorized medication. The governor gave the admonition on Monday at the Government House, in Akure, during the weekly update on the deadly virus in the state. He also confirmed the 20th case of the deadly COVID-19 in the state. Akeredolu who was specific on the usage of unapproved drugs being speculated for the treatment of the virus stated that combinations of herbal and orthodox drugs could be injurious to health hence the need for residents to adhere to the approved guidelines given by certified government agencies. “While there have been various suggestions and unauthorised recommendations of drugs and therapies for COVID-19, the Government wishes to use this opportunity to advise the public against embarking on such harmful and indiscriminate acts. “All the herbal combinations and orthodox medicine mostly being promoted and displayed on social media and elsewhere are not yet authenticated and approved for clinical use. I, therefore, wish to advise our people in Ondo State not to jeopardize their own health through self-medication against Coronavirus.” The governor further expressed concern over the discovery of the 20th COVID-19 case in the state. According to him, the circumstances surrounding the latest case calls for worry as the state is already in the community transmission stage due to the fact that the patient had not for a while traveled outside the state. “The specifics of the twentieth case bears testimony to the seriousness of the matter. The case lives in Oke Aro, Akure. Her records show she neither traveled in or out of the state recently. She was fully resident in her community in Oke Aro. “The implication is that having been infected, she might also have come in contact with others thereby enlarging the circle. This is what community transmission means. It is dangerous, deadly and undesirable. We must therefore all collaborate to stop the threat.” COVID-19: Akeredolu lacks administrative competence, declaration of curfew ill-advised - PDP Akeredolu imposes tough curfew, threatens total lockdown of Ondo over COVID-19 COVID-19: Ondo index case tests negative as Akeredolu orders compulsory wearing of face mask