The people of Eha-Alumona town, comprising of several communities have hailed Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of the State over the on-going construction work at Eha-Ulo-Eha-Ndiagu-Mbu-And Umabor – Agu Umabor – Mbu Road. They gave the commendation, weekend, during an inspection visit on the ring-road spanning over 40 kilometers. On the trip were Hon. Chinedu Nwamba, representing Nsukka East Constituency in the Enugu State House of Assembly, Prince Emeka Odo, Chairman, Enugu Board of Internal Revenue, Barr. Meletus Eze, Attorney general and commissioner for Justice, Enugu State, Chief Chikaodili Ugwuanyi, among others. The highly elated Nwamba said the road would remain in history as one of the most cherished legacy projects of the Governor Ugwuanyi administration. He disclosed that the abandonment of the road for over 50 years left the inhabitants of the area in untold suffering as the road became impassable at a time. “This is undoubtedly a legacy project of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi’s administration. He has written his name in gold in Eha-Alumona town. “This is a very valuable road that connects this part of the State to Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of Enugu state and Ebonyi state. But for decades of years, it was left in ruins, and became totally impassable. “Past administrations in Enugu State came and looked the other way when they see the terrible nature of the road but Governor Ugwuanyi took the bold step to construct this very important road; so, posterity will never forget him,” the lawmaker said. Nwamba, however, did not spare the contractor handling the project, observing that he was going against the clear specifications of the contract terms. According to him, “the concrete mixture for the drainages is supposed to be 4 buckets of sand and 8 buckets of gravel but they are mixing 9 buckets of sand and 10 buckets gravel giving a disparity in the work. “The thickness of the drainage is supposed to be 10cm which is 100mm while most of the measurements we took wasn’t up to that. They were between 6cm, 5.5cm and 5.8cm. “They are supposed to use 10mm iron rod for the drainage casting but what we saw on ground was mostly 8mm iron rod. “The spacing in the iron rod or reinforcement of steel bars for casting the drainage is supposed to be 15cm while they are spacing it between 30cm and 30.5cm and many more disparities “That some of the laterite are not up to standard, especially the ones at Mbu-Ehandiagu axis.” He warned that the people would not fold their hands and allow contractors sabotage the good intentions of the State Government.  Louis Amoke: Reappraising Ugwuanyi’s five-year stewardship amid Covid-19 Louis Amoke: Gov. Ugwuanyi's performance rating in 8 months Louis Amoke: Gov Ugwuanyi redefining governance at 56