Some youths in Naraguta, a border community in Jos North LGA of the state, on Thursday, attacked a team of security and vigilante committee in charge of a border post in the area. The youths attacked the committee led by the Divisional Police Officer of Nasarawa Gwong, SP Musa Hassan, and inflicted injuries. DAILY POST gathered reliably that the DPO was injured in the head by the irate youths from Naraguta community, a town bordering Bauchi State, as he and members of his committee tried to stop a defaulting vehicle entering from Bauchi state. The attack is not unconnected with the prolonged lockdown of Plateau State as a result of the coronavirus outbreak. It was also gathered that the youths have created a route for vehicles to enter the state illegally, collecting money from the vehicle drivers and commuters. Reports say the trouble started when the committee tried to intercept a vehicle sneaking into the state. The irate youths then in their numbers overwhelmed the security agents and inflicted a head injury on the DPO who is now receiving treatment in a hospital. According to an anonymous source “This has been the trade of the youths since this COVID-19 ban on entry into the state commenced. “They have threatened that if anyone exposes what they are doing, they will deal with the person, in fact, I even heard that they threatened to kill anyone who exposes their illegal action. “It is sad that the victim of their illegal dealings is the DPO; because this is a man that has done so much to ensure that people in Nasarawa Gwong Division live in peace and harmony. “But I believe that their illegal action of injuring a senior police officer may now bring to an end their illegal dealings because I’m sure the police will fish out the perpetrators so that it will serve as a deterrent to others that may have such plans”. Reacting, the Spokesman of the Plateau State Police Command, ASP Ubah Ogaba, who confirmed the incident said Command was aware of the unfortunate incident, and that efforts are being made to arrest those involved in the dastardly act. Ogaba said, “Border Committee supervised by the DPO Nasarawa Gwong, SP Musa Hassan, were chasing a defaulting vehicle and they were intercepted by some youths in Naraguta community and as a result of that the DPO sustained an injury on his head. “Even though normalcy has returned to the area since yesterday, efforts are being made to track down the perpetrators and ensure they face the full wrath of the law”, he assured. DAILY POST recalls that Governor Simon Lalong had during a statewide broadcast in Jos, said, “Further to the efforts at combating COVID-19, the government has taken the following decisions; that the total lockdown, which resumed midnight Sunday, April 26, 2020, shall be relaxed from midnight of Thursday, April 30, 2020 to midnight of Sunday, May 3, 2020 to enable people to restock their homes. Thereafter, the total lockdown will resume on Monday 4th May 2020.” Lalong maintained that “This will henceforth be the pattern until further review. In order words, the period of restocking will last from Midnight of every Thursday to Midnight of every Sunday. “In addition to the total lockdown which closed movement in and out of the State, and to curb community spread of COVID-19, Government has decided to close all intra-State borders with effect from 4th May 2020. “Consequently, there shall be no movement from one Local Government to another even during the period when the total lockdown is relaxed, except for those on essential services as earlier enumerated”, he stressed. DAILY POST reports that despite the directives by the Governor, several commercial vehicles drive through the city centre (Jos) almost every night, especially around 9pm, unhindered, during the total lockdown imposed in the state. COVID-19 lockdown: Abia Taskforce intercepts vehicle conveying suspected cannabis Benue govt raids camp housing youths allegedly trafficked from North [PHOTOS] COVID-19: Obiano orders appointees to man borders