The Defence Headquarters has disclosed that 11 members of the Islamic States of West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists have capitulated. They surrendered to Nigerian troops of Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD) in North East. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, disclosed this on Friday at a briefing on the operations of the Armed Forces of Nigeria. He explained that the ISWAP fighters surrendered to troops in Adamawa, adding that the repentant insurgents were being profiled for further action. Enenche said the development was an indication of the heat of operational activities against the terrorists. He added that more terrorists were willing to surrender. “One of such moves, was the dropping off of 72 family members of BHTs/ISWAP comprising 33 women and 39 children at the entrance of Ngala town in Ngala Local Government Area of Borno on May 10 at about 8.30 pm. “All of them are in custody of troops for further action,” the spokesman said. Enenche added that the troops of OPLD on May 8, neutralised three suicide bombers that attempted to infiltrate their defence location at Uvaha High Ground Area in Limankara, Gwoza Local Government Area. The troops of 144 Battalion, 82 Task Force Battalion, 26 Task Force Brigade and 271 Task Force Tank Battalion also killed 18 terrorists within the past one week. The operations took place at Gamboru Ngala, Firgi Mubi – Kamale Road in Michika Local Government Area of Adamawa as well as Ngoshe near the Nigeria-Cameroon border. “A total of 72 persons were also rescued from the Boko Haram Terrorists. On May 9, troops of 121 Task Force Battalion, at Pulka-Ngurosoye, near Bama town repelled BHT ambush and killed 20 terrorists, while on escort duty. “On May 13, OPLD troops killed nine terrorists in an ambush at Mainok–Jakana axis in Kaga Local Government Area of Borno. Two gun trucks mounted with anti-aircraft gun were captured. “In all 61 BHT/ISWAP criminals were neutralized in the Theatre, aside from those that escaped with gunshot wounds with narrow chances of survival,” he said. Furthermore, troops of Army Super Camp at Mallam Fatori on May 11, killed several terrorists and destroyed their vehicles and logistics bases at Tumbun Fulani in Abadam Local Government of Borno. Boko Haram, ISWAP suffer more defeat as leaders fight Boko Haram: 134 terrorists killed, 16 informants arrested as troops bombard sect camp Boko Haram: 16 ISWAP members surrender in Borno [PHOTOS]