Engr. Conrad Terhide Utaan, a former Senior Special Assistant to the Governor of Benue State, Samuel Ortom on Social Investments, has apologised to the governor over allegations he made against him(Ortom) prior to the 2019 election. Utaan resigned from his position in Ortom’s government in 2018. He had, among other claims, accused the governor of plotting to use thugs to rig the election in his favour during the 2019 general elections. In a written apology he signed and addressed to the governor, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST on Saturday, the former aide said, “Sequel to our meeting penultimate Sunday whence you expressed very strong reservations about my conduct while serving in your Government and the circumstances that led to my decision to quit in 2018, and your reference to a press conference addressed by me in the build-up to the 2019 general elections, I am obliged to tender you a written apology, Sir. “You will recall that I had at that meeting expressed my personal regrets at my conduct and had tendered an apology. “Looking back to the last couple of years, especially in the pursuit of my personal goals and political aspirations, I must confess that I have made my fair share of mistakes and it is always my desire to do better. “I have come to learn that you are not only disappointed in me but also dismayed by my conduct and utterances as a younger brother and to this, I apologize and promise to do better by you and of course by myself. “I regret addressing that particular press conference that has angered you so deeply and I again ask your forgiveness. I regret my comments both in context and content and I must admit that they were ill-informed and grossly misrepresentative. “I seek to draw from your meekness of heart and I pray for your renewed love and brotherly affection. It is my hope to turn a new leaf and begin to do only those things that will make you proud. “To err is human, my brother and my Governor but to forgive is indeed divine. Please forgive and forget the ugly past and give me a chance to prove my newness of heart. “I am deeply sorry for all my indiscretions especially towards you and my dear mother the First Lady and again, I promise to do better. “Do accept as always Your Excellency, the assurances of my very best regards, please.” Benue: Don't drag me into your many fights - Gov. Ortom blasts Buhari's Minister, Akume Benue LG polls: Fear grips Prince Onuh, others as Ortom disowns anointed candidates Supreme Court: How Benue residents reacted to Ortom’s victory