The Government of Abia State has announced the discharge of a 71-year-old coronavirus patient with an underlying medical condition after showing full recovery from the virus. The Commissioner for Information in the State, Chief John Okiyi Kalu, disclosed this in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Thursday. Kalu said that one new confirmed case of the virus was recorded on Tuesday, while an additional two cases were recorded on Wednesday, bringing the total of confirmed cases in the state to 10, with 4 discharged. He said “The new confirmed cases are residents of Aba with no record of recent travel outside the state, hence, might be possible cases of community infection. “All the active cases in isolation at the Abia State Specialist Hospital and Diagnostic Centre, Amachara, are clinically stable while the remaining index patient who 71 years old and with an underlying medical condition has been declared COVID-19 free and discharged from isolation at Federal Medical Center, Umuahia. “Contact tracing has commenced for the new confirmed cases with sample collection ongoing while the private medical facility in Aba where one of them was previously being managed for other medical issues has been decontaminated and temporarily closed down. “We are awaiting results for samples collected from contacts of the confirmed patients and will inform the public as appropriate when received.” He also urged all citizens and residents of the state to take necessary measures to protect themselves as there was evidence of community infection within the state. “Wearing a face mask before leaving your house is compulsory and we strongly advise that you wear it properly at all times as you may not know who is infected or not. “It is also important to observe social distancing regulations and wash your hands regularly under running water or use original hand sanitizers. “Our medical rapid response team will continue with ongoing case searches across the state while we await delivery of molecular testing equipment already paid for by the state. “We remain confident that, with the grace of God, we have the capacity to nurse our patients back to good health even as we continue to expand our capacity to safely isolate and manage those who are infected. “We call on all citizens to avoid stigmatizing COVID-19 patients, their family members, and communities, as this disease is not a death sentence on anyone and nobody in our state or country is responsible for the outbreak of the global pandemic,” he added. The commissioner also warned against stigmatizing patients who tested positive for the virus. According to him, rather than engage in the stigmatization of patients and rumor-mongering, residents are advised to, call 0700 2242 362 if one is experiencing symptoms of coronavirus infection or knows someone who is manifesting the same. He said “Our State is grateful to men and women working in the frontlines of the fight against COVID-19 at great risk to themselves and their families. We urge all to continue to remember them in your prayers. “Coronavirus is real but you can help prevent it from infecting you or your loved ones and help to stop the spread. ”Take personal responsibility today.” COVID-19 death toll rises in Lagos as State confirms no new case 32-year old dies of COVID-19 in Lagos as state discharges 33 patients Gov Ikpeazu imposes curfew, orders payment of salary in Abia