The Defence Headquarters (DHQ) has said that its troops have killed 17 bandits in an attack launched on their hideouts in Kaduna State. Coordinator of Defence Media Operations, Major General John Enenche, disclosed this in a statement on Sunday. Enenche said that the bandits were killed in a joint clearance operation involving troops of Operations Thunder Strike and Whirl Punch, with air support from the Air Component of Operation Gama Aiki. According to him, some other bandits escaped with gunshot wounds in the operation conducted around Mashigi Galbi, Damba community, and Kabarasha villages, all in Gwagwada District of Chikun Local Government Area of the state. He further explained that three empty houses and a church building were partially damaged at Kabarasha village while the bandits were being pursued. He said, “There was no civilian casualty. The armed forces of Nigeria regrets this unfortunate incident and a panel has been set up to investigate the occurrence in liaison with the Kaduna State Government. “The buildings have been identified with a view to providing adequate compensation to the owners. “Meanwhile, calm has been restored to the area and a few people who initially fled the area due to fear of reprisal by the bandits were said to have returned to the community. “The High command of the armed forces of Nigeria hereby reassure the general public that it would continue to work tirelessly to restore peace and security to the North West.” The General also thanked the public for their support and cooperation and encouraged them to continue to provide credible information that would facilitate the operations of the military. Boko Haram/ISWAP: Terrorists killed, weapons discovered as Nigerian military pound sect Boko Haram/ISWAP: Nigerian troops kill 500 terrorists, bandits Troops kill 89 bandits, rescue five kidnapped victims in Zamfara These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More