The family of late Lady Eucharia Ugwu, from Itchi, in Igbo-Eze South Local Government Area of Enugu State are in deep pain over the mysterious death of the 70-year-old woman. DAILY POST gathered that Eucharia died under questionable circumstances in her apartment at the community. One of her close relatives raised the alarm upon visiting her two days after she was last seen, discovering her corpse, allegedly with knife stabs. The members of the Ugwu family are now calling on the Governor of Enugu State, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi and the Inspector-General of Police, Mr. Adamu Abubakar to order a discreet investigation of the death. Speaking on behalf of the family, Mr. Dan Ugwu told journalists on Thursday that they were in agony over the gruesome murder of their sister and would not let those involved go unpunished. It was gathered that though the case was reported at the Ibagwa Police Station, nothing has been heard about it one month after. While giving updates on the death, Mr. Ugwu said “my elder sister, Lady Eucharia Ugwu was murdered on the 22nd of April, 2020, in the night at Itchi, in her house. “Since she was living alone, nobody saw or heard her shouting. It was after two days of her death that it was discovered, on the 24th of April. “Thereafter, I made a written report to Ibagwa Police Station and also took the policemen to the place of the incident. Thereafter, she was buried.” He lamented further that “one month has elapsed, and the police have not done anything, neither the Itchi community, nor the Igwe or the neighbourhood. “She was healthy and went to her shop at Eke Itchi on the fateful day and closed her shop at about 8 pm.” He called on the Governor of Enugu State and the IGP “to please direct for the immediate investigation of the gruesome murder of Lady Eucharia Ugwu, and to bring the penetrators to book.” When contacted, the Enugu State Police Public Relations Officer, ASP Daniel Ndukwe said he would make enquiries over the matter. Enugu Nurse Murder: Police finally arraign suspects Man remanded for allegedly raping 21-year-old woman 70-year-old woman killed by ritualists in Ondo, organs missing