A middle-aged man has reportedly been murdered by his kinsman, in Ohuhu Nsulu, Isiala Ngwa local government area of Abia State. The alleged perpetrator’s name was given as Chimakpa Nwogu, popularly known as ‘Tallest’ in the local area, according to eyewitness accounts. The deceased’s name was equally given as Ugochukwu Egwuatu, who until his death was a businessman. According to an eyewitness who pleaded anonymity, the suspect, Chimankpa, who is now at large allegedly confronted the late Egwuatu at a venue of a traditional marriage where he(deceased) was invited in Ohuhu Nsulu community, the suspect inflicted machete cuts on the deceased’s hand which led to bleeding and subsequent death of Egwuatu. Another eyewitness said the tragedy was a result of a minor misunderstanding between Mr. Egwatu and some other villagers. But during a verbal exchange, between the dead and Chimankpa, the suspect inflicted matchet wounds on Egwuatu. ”As it is now, the entire community and the residents are yet to ascertain the cause of this mysterious death, thereby keeping the entire family and entire community in confusion.” He said However, the younger brother of late Ugochukwu Egwuatu, Emmanuel, while interacting with newsmen in Umuahia, on Thursday, said the family lodged complaints at the Nigeria Police Division in Isiala Ngwa North LGA, expressing displeasure that until now, the security agency is unable to fish out the killer of his elder brother, who is on the run. According to him, “We reported the issue to the police, which they responded and assured us of proper investigation. But, we are yet to see positive results. Because we will not allow this wickedness to stand. My family needs only justice to prevail in this matter to avoid inter-village conflicts”. “We appeal to the Abia State government and security agencies to come to our aid, as the reason why our brother was murdered is yet to be known. We need justice nothing less, “he concluded. Meanwhile, as at the time of filing this report, efforts to reach the Public Relations Officer(PRO) of the Abia State Police command, Umuahia, Geoffrey Ogbonna for further confirmation on the alleged killing of Mr. Ugochukwu Egwuatu, was unsuccessful. SARS officer allegedly kills fruit seller in Abia Governor Okowa loses two aides Security agencies under heavy attack over alleged extra judicial killings in Abia