The Peoples Democratic Party in Ogun State, on Friday, inaugurated its new state executive members to steer the affairs of the party for the next four years. Two lawyers and notary public, Mr. Victor Owokoya and Oluwatoyin Omomehin, administered the oath of office on the executive members in batches at the State Secretariat of the Party in Abeokuta, the state capital. Members of the newly-inaugurated State Executive Committee also received cars from the Omo-Ilu Foundation, whose Grand Patron is a former Senator representing Ogun East, Buruji Kashamu. Although they were sworn in today (Friday) being the last working day of the week, the new State Exco will effectively take charge on Monday. The tenure of outgoing State Exco officially ends on Sunday, 10th of May, 2020. Speaking with newsmen shortly after the inauguration, the new PDP chairman, Samson Bamgbose maintained that his administration will bring victory to the party in future elections. Bamgbose, who was a former state deputy chairman, noted that his vision is to see the party coming back to track and retaining its victory position in the state. The PDP chairman further stressed that the new State Exco is committed to reconciling with all aggrieved members of the Party. His words, “I give kudos to Almighty God for giving me the grace to lead this party at this crucial time and even before I became the chairman of this great party, my ambition, my vision has been to see this party coming back on track. “Few years ago, this party was managing this state; we produce the government, PDP was running the government, but along the line something happened and it went off. “So, for now my primary aim is to bring the party back to that track, we want to be in the government, we want to produce the next government and we are producing the next government.” Speaking on the legalities of the inauguration, the PDP chairman insisted that the congress that produce the executive was backed by the constitution of the party and the laws of the land. He maintained that congresses were held from the Ward to Local Government and State levels. Bamgbose said because of the extant regulation on gathering, delegates gathered in batches of 10 to 15 in their respective Local Government to elected their representatives on the State Executive Committee. He also explained that the names of the newly inaugurated State Executive Committee (Exco) have been sent to the national headquarters of the Party in Abuja as well as the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) and other relevant agencies. Bamgbose added, “About what is happening now; as far as I know, there is no error. “Today, we are doing the inauguration of the executive that has been constituted and elected and before we can do anything, we must be inaugurated. “You can see the inauguration in batches, we are completely abiding with the signal from the state government to prevent any gathering that is more than 15; we are complying.” Speaking on how to unite the party, he said, “As the chairman of the party, I am here to serve; I have started calling all the aggrieved members to come and join me and my Exco, leaders and elders to reposition our Party and return it to winning ways. “I, as the chairman of the party cannot do it alone. I need the support everyone. I have started sending signal to all aggrieved party members that we should come together, the umbrella is so big and I am sure they will respond. Even those that have left for APC, we have talked at length and some of them will be here. In no time, I believe we will see that things are taking better shape. “Members of the National Working Committee (NWC) and National Executive Committee (NEC) are the fathers of all. Theirs is to see PDP producing competent hands that are ready and can deliver. Our own responsibility is to forward whatever we do here to them. I believe that with what I have seen, the NWC and NEC will have fine rapport with us; for the past a week or two, we have been discussing with them. Things are taking another shape and they too are interested in seeing Ogun PDP coming back.” Other members of the newly inaugurated State Executive Committee are Chief Kehinde Oladehinde, deputy chairman; Mr. Adeleke Shittu, state secretary; Barrister (Mrs) Bimbo Lanre-Balogun, state woman leader; Hon. Raphael Olaosebikan, youth leader; and Oyejide Sunkanmi, publicity Secretary. They also include Alhaji Kola Akinyemi, vice chairman (Central); Major Fedinard Keku (Retd), vice-chairman (East), Alhaji Sunmola Kayode; vice-chairman (West); Mrs. Toyin Atoba, treasurer; Mrs. Omolola Soyombo, assistant treasurer; Mr. Yomi Anifowose, financial secretary; and Barr. Vivian Uwaokoye, legal adviser, among others. Ogun congress followed due process - Kashamu breaks silence on PDP crisis PDP ward executives suspends state chairman in Cross River State New PDP emerges in Adamawa, defies police effort to stop its inauguration