The Anambra State government has announced the suspension of the Egwu Imo Awka cultural festival, an age-long festival of the people of Awka Kingdom, where the people celebrate the Imo Awka god. The secretary to the Anambra State government, Prof Solo Chukwulobelu announced this, warning the leaders of the community against flouting the order. The week-long festival usually held in the month of May draws members of the Awka community from across the world and is noted for massive masquerading and mock flogging by youths. Some youths of the community had previously begun preparation for the festival, which is usually heralded by youths moving around the community and flogging each other. The youths had claimed that not even the Coronavirus pandemic can stop the celebration. But Chukwulobelu in his Public Service Announcement on the suspension of the 2020 Egwu Imo Awka Cultural Festival and other festivals in the state said the government will not tolerate any celebration. “The Government of Anambra state, taking cognisance of prevailing federal government curfew order, state government order on public gatherings, World Health Organisation (WHO), and Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) guidelines on preventing the spread of COVID-19, hereby suspends 2020 Egwu Imo Awka cultural festival. “The suspension also extends to other cultural festivals in Anambra state. “The public, Traditional rulers, Presidents General, custodians and organisers of such festivals are hereby put on notice that they will be held responsible should the festivals go ahead. “Members of the public are hereby advised not to attend such festivals, and to stay at home, or go about their business observing COVID-19 guidelines previously issued by the federal and state governments. “The security agencies are hereby directed to strictly enforce the suspension order.” COVID-19: Anambra govt urges citizens to report neighbours returning from affected states Anambra commences recruitment of 50 police constables for communities Anambra government arrests illegal toll collectors in Onitsha, Awka