In a bid to ensure that Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State is not re-elected for second term, 14 political parties and three pressure groups have collapsed structures into the Action Democratic Party, ADP, to form a third-force ahead of the October 10, 2020, governorship polls in the State. The third-force was formed under the aegis of ‘Emerging Political Committee’, EPC, with the aim of serving as alternative between the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, and the major opposition Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Speaking on the move, the Coordinator of EPC, Biyi Poroye, stated that the mission of the third-force was to wrestle power from the APC-led government in the State. “It is exciting to let you know that after several tough and thorough work and consultation, the committee finally resolved to choose a party from the final three political parties. All the other parties involved in this process as stated and indicated in the letters received received from their leadership is expected to dissolve their structures and come under the umbrella of the political party of choice. “It’s on this strength I want to announce to you on behalf of the EPC and the benefit of the entire populace of Ondo State that the party that will wrestle power from the old hands APC and PDP has just been adopted and christened as The Third Force. Action Democratic Party ADP is the new political party to watch out for in the coming election. “If you study the spate of events and political atmosphere, you will agree with me it demands urgent intervention and rescue as governance in Ondo State has been turned into family affair,” he said. Poroye added that, “Emerging Political Committee, EPC is a group of concerned individuals who believe there should be an inclusive society through the birth of a third force that will wrestle power from the hands of old brigades that will offer credible leadership to the good people of Ondo State. “This next gubernatorial election is crucial to the survival of Ondo State, hence we call on other political parties including the aggrieved, sidelined, deprived and rejected members of all other political parties as well as the good people of Ondo State to join hands together with us in ADP to work assiduously for ADP (The Third Force) to come out victorious at the next gubernatorial election. “We must all see this as a collective responsibility as we can no longer seat on the fence or be indifferent to political decisions. This is the time to effect an inclusive society and enthrone good governance in our dear state. Enough of leadership fiasco, docility, mediocrity, ineptitude among other characteristics of bad leadership.” Ondo: Akeredolu gets warning over deputy gov Ajayi as group makes revealations PDP top-shots dump party for APC in Ondo COVID-19: Akeredolu lacks administrative competence, declaration of curfew ill-advised - PDP