The screening committee of the Unity Forum within the Ondo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC, headed by Senator Yele Omogunwa on Wednesday explained the reasons behind the financial gratification extended to the committee by the aspirants. Senator Omogunwa who admitted that the seven-man committee saddled with the responsibility of selecting a consensus candidate among the 10 aspirants seeking the APC governorship tickets within the group collected the total sum of N1.2m, but denied bribery allegations leveled against the committee Recall that DAILY POST had reported that Olanusi who was a former Deputy Governor in the state announced Oke as the group’s consensus candidate billed to contest the APC’s governorship ticket with Governor Akeredolu. The decision subsequently led to the rejection of Oke as the forum’s candidate by some of the aspirants, Senator Ajayi Boroffice as well as the secretary of the screening committee, Prof. Sola Ehindero. According to Omogunwa who spoke with newsmen in Akure, the Ondo State capital, the committee was not in any way induced for Oke to be picked as the forum consensus candidate. “When we were holding meetings here, there was no water, no biscuit and we were working day and night. Segun Abraham came and gave us N100,000. It was in the open. Odimayo gave the committee N200,000. Another aspirant gave N500,000. Kazeem gave us N20,000 and Adelagan gave N50,000. “The total amount shared by the seven committee members was 1.2m. It was out of the money we booked a hotel for the Secretary for three days because he was coming from Ife.” Senator Omogunwa added that “All the aspirants are competent but I agreed with the majority that said, Chief Oke, the Secretary left without signing. The only woman in our midst also did not sign. “The aspirants told us to do it the way it pleases us and they will support whoever emerges. “We followed the mind of the public. A politician should wait for his time.” Ondo 2020: APC's 'Unity Forum' adopts Olusola Oke as consensus candidate, vows to unseat Akeredolu Ondo 2020: Aspirants, committee secretary rejects Oke's emergence as APC's 'Unity Forum' candidate Ogun politics: ADC chieftain, Gboyega defects to APC