A Coalition of Igbo groups has risen in defence of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, as the crisis within the Ohanaeze Ndigbo widens. DAILY POST had reported that a new Ohanaeze Ndigbo has now emerged with the registration of Ohanaeze Ndigbo General Assembly by the Corporate Affairs Commission, CAC. With the development, the Chief Nnia Nwodo-led Ohanaeze is expected to witness a split. In a statement made available to DAILY POST by the coalitions, they said the pursuit of additional State for the South-East by the OYC and the clamour for Igbo presidency in 2023 was a right course. The statement was signed on behalf of the World Igbo Youth Congress, Southeast Women Professionals and Igbo Students Union by Mazi Alex Okemiri and Arc Nnamdi Uzodinma, Dr Helen Ogbonnaya and Comrade Chidi Ugwunjo, respectively. They accused the Ohanaeze leadership of failure to give quality leadership direction to Igbos like the Afenifere and the Arewa Consultative Forum. They claimed that “the suspension of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Report on State Creation by Nnia Nwodo, Which was expected to be recommended to President Muhammadu Buhari for Presidential considerations before 2019 elections is the major cause of the internal crisis that has divided interests amongst the organs of the organization. “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Committee on State Creation Chaired By H.E Prof Chigozie Ogbu and Dim Uche Okwukwu as the Secretary of the Committee, submitted the reports to the National Executive Committee for deliberations. “Nwodo shutdown the golden opportunity for the realisation of the sixth (equaliser) State in the South East. This has cost Igbos to lose about 300bn annually from revenue of the Federal Government and internally generated revenue.” They also blamed the crisis rocking the apex-Igbo organization on failure to organize the “the Annual but Compulsory Igbo Day Celebrations which holds on September 29th”, and “failure to constitute the proper Imeobi Ohanaeze Ndigbo (the apex decision making organ) which is made up Current and past Governors, Current and past Ministers and captains of industries.” They recommended that the “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide as a registered Organisation should boldly submit the Ohanaeze Ndigbo State Creation report to President Muhammadu Buhari. “Coalition of Igbo groups also declare that the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council Worldwide should continue to champion the quest for a Nigerian President of Igbo Stock 2023.” Meanwhile, in another development, the OYC has declared that it remained a registered organization and such could not be threatened by the Nwodo-led Ohanaeze Ndigbo which it said was not recognized under the law. It also carpeted claims that it had appointed former Head of State, Yakubu Gowon to lead the Igbo presidency project, describing it as a ruse and imaginative illusions of fifth columnists. This was contained in a statement signed by Mazi Okwu Nnabuike, the Secretary General of the OYC. 2023: Ohanaeze denies appointing Gowon to lead campaign for Igbo president Fresh crisis hits Ohanaeze over reported suspension of chieftains 2023: Ohanaeze to meet Buhari, Obasanjo, Atiku, Tinubu over Igbo presidency