Some Ex-militant leaders in the Niger Delta region have called on the Interim Management Committee of the Niger Delta Development Commission(NDDC), to pay contractors to avoid threats of home and other property forfeiture to banks over unpaid loans. The group also lamented untold hardship following certified completion of work without pay. The Ex-militant leaders, under the aegis of the Leadership, Peace and Cultural Development Initiative (LPCDI), called on the NDDC to help stop the psychological pains being inflicted on contractors and commence the payment of contractors who have completed their projects under their contractual obligations, especially ”emergency contracts”. The LPCDI, made the call in a statement, signed and issued to DAILY POST by its National President, Chief Reuben Wilson and Secretary, Nature Kieghe. “We call on the NDDC IMC about the untold hardship being experienced by the contractors, who have faithfully and diligently executed their contracts but are not paid due to the on-going forensic Audit of the operations of the NDDC. “The contractors that are mostly affected are the ones that have completed the ” emergency contracts” awarded by the then Ekere Nsima administration. Most of them borrowed money from the banks with their houses as collaterals to finance the execution of the ”emergency contracts”. “We are therefore calling on the Interim Management Committee to commence payment of such contractors to avoid banks seizing their houses used as collaterals. The unnecessary delay of their payments will have huge negative effects on the execution of NDDC projects in the future because it will certainly discourage other contractors from going the extra mile to complete such projects, which shall occasion more abandoned and sub-standard projects in the Niger Delta Region.” “We are also calling on the members of the National Assembly not to constitute themselves as impediments to the accelerated development of the Niger Delta Region by frustrating and politicising their responsibilities toward the Niger Delta Development Commission. ”The NDDC is an interventionist agency designed to accelerate the development of the Niger Delta Region but findings by us have revealed that some members of the National Assembly, instead of using their oversight functions and budgetary powers to facilitate the development of the Niger Delta Region through the NDDC, are using such powers to frustrate the smooth operations of the NDDC.” “We are, therefore, appealing to such members of the National Assembly to desist from such unpatriotic and negative acts and use their constitutional powers to facilitate the development of the Niger Delta Region via the Niger Delta Development Commission. This is very imperative because if the development of the Niger Delta Region is not given priority attention, it is possible that the existing fragile peace in the region may not be sustained for long.” We have observed that one of the major reasons, fellow Niger Deltans write petitions against our people holding public offices is the lack of commitment and passion to develop our region and our people demonstrated by such public office holders of Niger Delta extraction.” “We should henceforth, unite with a common purpose for the betterment of our region and our people. We should stop the petitions and also stop the non-challant attitude towards the plight and development of our region and people. We want to use this opportunity to thank the National Security Adviser to Mr. President for the prompt payment of the monthly stipends of beneficiaries under the Presidential Amnesty Programme.” NDDC probe: Stop threatening the country - Ex-militants warn interested politicians Ogoni cleanup delay: Ex MEND leaders send strong message to President Buhari NDDC: Drop your ego, personal interest, develop Niger Delta - Timi Frank tells govs, Senators