Members of Oyo State House of Assembly, on Tuesday, moved to rename the Ibarapa Polytechnic, Eruwa as Adeseun Ogundoyin Polytechnic, Eruwa. Ogundoyin is the biological father of the current Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Adebo Ogundoyin. The institution, DAILY POST gathered was first named as Adeseun Ogundoyin Polytechnic but was later renamed as Ibarapa Polytechnic during the administration of the immediate past governor of the state, Mr. Abiola Ajimobi. But, the lawmakers in the Oyo State House of Assembly on Tuesday, drummed support for the second reading of the Ibarapa Polytechnic amendment bill. The bill, which proposed that the state-owned polytechnic should be renamed after Chief Adeseun Ogundoyi, the late philanthropist and father of the 33-year-old Speaker received huge support of the lawmakers at the Tuesday’s plenary. Ogundoyin while speaking on the second reading of the bill for a law to amend the Ibarapa Polytechnic, Eruwa law, 2013 sponsored by Akeem Adedibu, Kazeem Olayanju and Olamide Akinajo, Ogundoyin noted that the bill goes beyond renaming the school after his late father but it also addresses the multiple current challenges the students are facing. Describing the honour as a popular demand from the community and people who witness the labour of the late philanthropist on the institute, Eruwa as the hometown and even Oyo State, Ogundoyin noted that even the alumni of the institute voted their absolute support. “The students both past and present, even the school management has visited and written to me and the assembly on several occasions to communicate the challenges in the school. “The non-accredited courses, lack of facilities, inadequate human resources and fund. We are working on all these and the Governor is also aware of it, that was why he visited the school on our way to Igboora last week. “This is the first phase, high spirit and committed board will also be constituted and monthly subvention fund will be made available for the standard upgrade of the school. These are our plans and it will be achieved in no distance time.” Akinajo in his contribution said, “Our late Chief Adeseun Ogundoyin was not just a philanthropist nor just a successful businessman who contributed to the development of Oyo State but he was also a politician whose influence could not be over-emphasised. “Eruwa is my second home, and a small town with big products. Their hospitality is second to none and the location of the State-owned polytechnic in the town is one of the best decisions made by the precious leaders. “Baba Adeseun contributions to the Nigeria economy could not be measured. Renaming the Ibarapa Polytechnic, Eruwa after him and equipping the school to standard needs no second thought, because it is an honour well deserved.” Another lawmaker, Seyi Adisa described late Adeseun Ogundoyin as a renowned NPN leader whose display of heroism during his lifetime cannot be overlooked. He said, “When you get to Eruwa, you will see a big house on a hill. The great politician and successful businessman deserves more than this honour and we assure the executive our legislative backing on this and other things that will give the school a true reflection of Chief Adeseun Ogundoyin personality.”