President Muhammadu Buhari has been urged to stop repeated attacks by bandits in Katsina State. Reports emerged on Monday night that some bandits attacked Batsari and Yantumaki Danmusa Local Government Areas of Katsina State. Eyewitnesses said the bandits carried out the attacks at about 11.30 p.m. Narrating the incident, a resident, known as @AbdulGidadoo, on his Twitter page, said gunshots were heard at Yantumaki Danmusa Local Government Area of Katsina State on Monday night. He called on President Buhari to help save the residents as they now lived in fear. His tweet read: “After all the gunshots we heard last night around 11:38pm, I could not give a chance to stand up. i rolled on the floor to the toilet to ease myself and rolled back to bed.Ya Allah see us through. “It was at Yantumaki Danmusa LGA. I happened to sleep there yesterday. Dear Buhari, we are calling you out loud to act/intervene and bring end to this insurgency. “People are dying everyday, people are loosing their homes everyday. Incase you don’t know about it we are here telling.” Likewise, other Nigerians took to their Twitter pages, calling on the federal government to intervene. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered from Twitter: @Imieey “Around 3:30pm a relative of mine was coming back home from where he worked in a small village of Faskari LGA, unexpectedly he met with the bandits during their operations, he quickly dropped his motorcycle and ran to a nearby house and hid but unfortunately they dragged him out and shot him in his stomach. The government must secure us and our property if not we’ll ask them to resign.“ @ronaldoscrush “Why are bandits killing people in Katsina? Who are the people sponsoring and buying guns for this people ? Everyday one issue or the other, can this country just divide already? It seems Nigeria is too big for one mallam or individual to handle.” @Mrintegrity “Katsina State is feeling the impact of bad governance and Buhari’s incompetency. Stop electing irresponsible leaders.Pray for Katsina.” @Oilsheikh “There is fire in the presidents backyard, who is bold enough to convey the message to him? Pray for Katsina, people are deserting their homes because they’re continually killed, maimed, kidnapped, raped, looted from, houses set on fire by bandits unchallenged @Buhari.” @SalihuAmunini “If all hands aren’t put on deck, very soon some LGAs of Katsina state would be no more because of bandits that destroyed lives and properties in those areas. I demand all action from Buhari led administration to end this banditry and free our brothers.” @BolarinwaAjao “Even as we Pray for Katsina. Let’s not forget that the Incompetent inhabitant of Aso rock is from Katsina.” @_Usy “The truth is, the government that we’ve voted failed us because it fails to secure and protect the lives and properties of its citizens. Rampant killing of innocent people of Katsina by bandits is becoming very common everyday, its time for the government to pay us our votes by acting.” @Chukwunonyerem “You are asking me to Pray for Katsina when you have the Commander in Chief of the Armed forces, the most powerful President in Africa, General Buhari as prominent son of Kastina State. Haba! Why are you people like this? Cry to him now and be saved.” @Sv1im “Innocent souls are dying due to these tragic banditry attacks in Katsina State, despite Katsina State is one of the biggest states in Nigeria.We will not stop calling the government and all authorities concerned to take an immediate effect on this.” @Amally_A “Rampant killing of innocent people of Katsina by bandits is becoming very common everyday, how I wish government would channel the same amount of energy in fighting Covid-19 to this menace. For they have done worse than Covid-19 Katsina State.” @Benniett “So you want me to pray for Katsina so that God can come and do for you what he has empowered your SON to do for you. Tell Buhari to act instead of soliciting for prayers.” Bandits killings: Buhari sends Abba Kyari, Garba Shehu, Magashi, others to Katsina Katsina: I won't accept revenge killings - Buhari Bandits hit 3 Katsina communities, kill 47 people