Chief Imam of Kabba, Sheikh Ahmad Abubakar Ejibunu, has been confirmed as the index case of COVID-19 in Kogi state. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC has confirmed two index cases of Coronavirus in Kogi State for the first time since its outbreak in Nigeria But the Kogi State Government countered NCDC insisting that the state is Coronavirus free. However, the family of Ejibunu has come out to confirm that the Chief Imam of Kabba tested positive for COVID-19. Chief Tai Ejibunu, Obatebise of Oweland, in a statement by the family, said the Chief Imam exhibited symptoms of COVID-19 before he tested positive after a referral from the Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Lokoja. He disclosed that the Chief Imam has not traveled outside the state and must have contacted the virus within. In the statement titled, “The COVID-19 Case Infection: Matters Arising, the family said, “Our attention has been drawn to the series of discussions going on concerning the COVID-19 index case in Kabba and the identity of the index case. “I wish to affirm, on behalf of Ejibunu family, that the Chief Imam of Kabba, Sheikh Ahmad Abubakar Ejibunu, was down with flu some few days back and he had to be hospitalised at the Specialist Hospital in Kabba. “After further medical attention at the Federal Medical Centre in Lokoja, he was referred to the National Hospital in Abuja and the test conducted on him by the NCDC showed that he was COVID-19 positive. He added that the test conducted on one of the Imam’s sons came out negative. He urged the Kogi Government “to stop denying the obvious.” and accept that coronavirus has entered the state. According to him, his family kept mute about the situation following the controversy between the Kogi government and NCDC. “We would have come out to speak on the matter earlier but we were not comfortable with the ding dong game going on between the NCDC and the Kogi State government. “The family is concerned about the wellbeing of others and we wish to confirm that COVID-19 has found its way sadly into our community and the state. “Therefore, no need for the Kogi State government to deny the obvious.” He, therefore, warned the people to obey health guidelines by NCDC and stay safe. “This evening, contact tracing and testing of family members of the Chief Imam had begun. “What we need from our people is empathy and no need for the exchange of counter views here. “May God save Oweland and Kogi State in general,” the statement added. COVID-19: Osun records another death, discharges index case, others COVID-19: Kogi Imams suspend weekly Juma'at prayers Coronavirus - Nigerian government confirms second case