Governor Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa State on Friday gave account of his administration in the last one year and concluded that he did not disappoint the people. Delivering a 16-page speech to Adamawa people in a televised anniversary address in the Government House, Yola, Fintiri said he had strived and succeeded in giving the good governance that the people yearned for. He said, “After you have engaged and listened to me during the electioneering campaign from Toungo to Madagali and from Shelleng to Maiha you became settled that you can trust me enough to serve you. Because you did that, I sleep and wake up with a pricked conscience that I can’t afford to give you anything less than what you craved for; good governance.” The governor said his administration met daunting challenges in the economy with crippling debt as well as frightening insecurity situation, he had with determination reduced the challenges to encouraging levels. He said his government had introduced free education, funded external examinations for high school students and given scholarship for the first time since 2007 to students of higher learning, among other interventions in the education sector. He reeled out achievements in the other sectors, concluding that he had delivered well on his 11-point agenda. The governor spoke, however, against contrary views expressed earlier by the opposition All Progressives Congress (APC) in the state, which, summing up the Fintiri administration in the last one year, gave it a below average mark. At a press conference Thursday evening, the APC said it did much better (when it was in power) within its first year (2015-2016) than the PDP government could honestly claim to have done in its one year so far. The APC Secretary in the state, Hon Wafarniyi Theman, said unlike the PDP government that is yet to commission any road project, the APC government had completed and commissioned many road projects around the state by the end of its first year in 2016. “The APC came at a time of recession while the PDP came when the economy had stabilized. They failed not because of financial constraints but because the will to perform was not there,” the APC scribe charged. Adamawa: Gov Fintiri vows to probe Bindow, others Don't be afraid to criticise me, my govt - Gov Fintiri tells journalists Senator Abbo accuses Adamawa Governor of 'false claims' over NEDC projects