Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, on Saturday, gave an insight into his whereabouts in the past few weeks. Osinbajo, who spoke through his spokesperson, Akande Laolu, disclosed that he has been attending to official matters on how to improve Nigeria’s economy. Laolu urged Nigerians to ignore fake claims regarding President Muhammadu Buhari and the Vice President’s whereabouts. He recalled that the Vice President on Thursday met with the Governor of Central Bank, CBN, Kaduna State Governor, and some Ministers via video conferencing. 2. The Nigerian military has arrested 28 suspected spies leaking operational secrets to the Boko Haram and Islamic State in West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists.The suspects, both local and foreign nationals are currently under investigation. The arrest followed attacks this week by ISWAP on the military post in Diffa, Niger Republic, located along a border area with Nigeria, where five soldiers were killed. 3. The Akwa Ibom State government has disclosed that its security operatives intercepted a corpse of a COVID-19 victim being smuggled into the state from Lagos State. The Commissioner of Health in the State, Dr. Dominic Ukpong, made the revelation, adding that the corpse has been buried in accordance with the COVID-19 regulations. Ukpong spoke at a meeting of the State Incidence Management Committee held at the Ibom Specialist Hospital, Uyo yesterday. He disclosed that 6 persons who moved the corpse in an ambulance into the State have been kept in 14 days isolation. 4. A Federal High Court sitting in Ikoyi, Lagos, has ordered the final forfeiture of the sum of N426.7m belonging to Brig.-Gen. John Onimisi Ozigi (retd.) to the Federal Government. Judge Muslim Hassan had earlier ordered the interim forfeiture of the money following an ex parte application filed by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. EFCC spokesman, Dele Oyewale disclosed this in a statement in Abuja. 5. A journalist working in Bauchi State has tested positive for coronavirus. The Bauchi State Task Force on COVID-19 made the announcement at a briefing on Saturday. The Deputy Governor, Baba Tela, did not disclose the identity of the journalist. He also disclosed that 12 medical workers in the state have tested positive for the virus. 6. Nigeria on Saturday recorded 239 new cases of COVID-19. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, confirmed this in a post on its Twitter page. This brings the total number of cases in Nigeria to 4151. Lagos recorded the highest number of cases with 97 new infected persons followed by Bauchi State which recorded 44 new cases. 7. The police in Ogun State has sent strong warning to Bishop David Oyedepo of the Living Faith Church (Winners Chapel) over his plan to reopen his church. In a veiled reference to Oyedepo, the police said they have information that some religious leaders in Ogun are preparing to open their religious centres for people to converge. This, the police said was in total disobedience to both the state and federal government’s directives. 8. The Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said he may be forced to lock down the state again, if residents continue to ignore public health guidelines. Sanwo-Olu speaking at a press briefing on Saturday, expressed his unhappiness over the crowd observed at various banks and markets across the state. 9. Rivers State Government has declared the Peoples Democratic Party’s youth leader in Eleme Local Government Area, Princewill Osaroejiji, wanted for alleged criminal activities. This was contained in a statement by the Commissioner for Information and Communications in the state, Paulinus Nsirim. Nsirim in the short statement said the sum of Five Million Naira (N5,000,000) would be paid to anyone with information that can lead to the arrest of Osaroejiji. The statement also disclosed plans by the Rivers state government to demolish some hotels for flouting the lockdown order of the state government. 10. The Federal Medical Centre (FMC) Abeokuta has confirmed that two of its workers have tested positive for coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement by the FMC Abeokuta’s Head of Public Relations, Segun Orisajo, on Saturday. Orisajo said the two staffers are a nurse and an administrative staff. Osinbajo breaks silence on his whereabouts Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Saturday morning Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Wednesday morning