At least, 10 persons have reportedly died and 27 others seriously injured in a fetal road accident which occurred along Fika-Potiskum highway in Yobe State, Tuesday night. The accident happened when a pickup van conveying goods and passengers lost control and veered into a ditch along the highway. The victims mostly elderly and youths were all rescued and evacuated by the Marshals of the Federal Road Safety Commission (FRSC), Potiskum unit command, while the injured were all admitted and are now receiving treatment at the General hospital, Potiskum. According to the Driver of the vehicle who survived the accident, Malam Lawandi, the dead and the survivors were returning from Dogo Abare Market and were on their way to their hometown, Potiskum. “After overtaking a vehicle, my steering rod developed a problem and I lost control,” he recounted. Officials of Federal Road Safety had to struggle to pull the bodies out from the mangled vehicles. On learning about the incident, relatives of the victims who are mostly residents of Gadan Talakawa and Arara Biyu, Potiskum rushed to the spot. Meanwhile, Director Personnel Management, (DPM) Potiskum Local Government Area, Ibrahim Yayangida Abubakar, was in the hospital and assisted in paying for the prescribed drugs for the victims. Kogi: Five killed, many injured as petrol tanker crushes many vehicles [VIDEO] 10 killed, 8 injured in Bauchi auto crash Two dead, nine injured as vehicle somersaults on Lagos-Sagamu highway These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More