Ahead of the lockdown ease on Monday, the Federal Capital Territory Administration has released guidelines for the resumption of work, opening of markets and businesses FCTA in a statement released on Saturday by Anthony Ogunleye, Chief Press Secretary to the FCT Minister, Muhammad Musa Bello said there would be overnight curfews from 8:00 pm till 6:00am He said effective May 4, 2020, all civil servants on Grade level 14 and above will be allowed to report for work 3 times a week, Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays between the hours of 8am and 2pm. He maintained that all workers who reside outside the FCT are to remain in their respective states of residence until the ban on interstate travel is lifted. ”All officers on essential duties are to carry on with their assigned responsibilities. ” All workers are to maintain safe distancing protocols of at least 2 meters and wear face masks at all times. ”Temperature checks and hand sanitizing protocols should be strictly adhered to at all entry points and access to offices tightly controlled. ”Number of visitors and customers are to be limited to enforce social distancing guidelines ”All workers who are not resident in the FCT are directed to remain in their respective States of residence until the ban on interstate travel is lifted Ogunleye further reiterated that markets and business are to operate for two days in a week on Wednesdays and Saturdays between 8:00am and 3:00pm He said neighbourhood selling points will be established in various parts of the city to decongest the major markets ”Wearing of face masks is mandatory to gain access to markets in addition to hand washing and sanitizing protocols. ”The above hygiene-related protocols are also applicable to supermarkets and neighborhood markets. ”Banks are to open between the hours of 8:00am and 2:00pm and are to observe temperature checks, hand sanitizing protocols as well as the use of face masks for staff and customers ” Banks are to limit access by customers to allow for safe distancing reasons and limit the number of staff working on their premises to between 30% and 50%. Residents are encouraged to patronize online banking services as much as possible ”Extant rules regulating restaurants and eateries remain in effect. Restaurants are not open to the public and are encouraged to adopt home delivery services. Similarly, eateries are to practice the take-away system and are to maintain all hand sanitizing, face-covering and safe distancing protocols ” Pharmacies may remain open overnight and are to observe all other protocols as enunciated above. ”Companies involved in food processing, drug manufacturing and construction can commence operation, subject to following the approved health and safety guidelines ”Operators of these facilities are mandated to refuse access to anyone not observing the hygiene protocols. He also advised residents of the state to take all prescribed measures to avoid contracting it. ”Persons with underlying medical conditions especially hypertension, diabetes, asthma and low immunity are advised to remain at home. Equally, Persons 65 years and older are also advised to remain at home. Use of face masks by residents in all public places is mandatory. ”All business owners and government institutions are hereby directed to de-contaminate their premises, before re-opening.”