Amnesty International Nigeria, AIN, has insisted that Nigerian authorities must investigate the May 2016 killings of Biafra day protesters. This was contained in a statement to DAILY POST on Saturday by the Country Director of Amnesty International Nigeria, Osai Ojigho. Amnesty International said that the victims of the bloody killing in Nkpor, Anambra State, in which over 60 pro-Biafra protesters were killed and at least, 100 were injured by Nigerian security forces on 30 May, 2016 are still awaiting justice four years on. It noted that families and relatives of the victims of the 2016 massacre have been waiting, asking the Nigerian government to ensure that the suspected criminals responsible for the killings are brought to trial, and that the victims and their families receive reparations, including adequate compensation. “The tragedy of the Nkpor killing is compounded by the shocking fact that no one suspected to be responsible for the bloodshed has yet been held accountable. “If the Nigerian government wants to demonstrate that it is committed to truth and human rights, it needs to ensure that the wheels of justice start turning far faster than they have done over the past four years. “Despite overwhelming evidence that members of the Nigerian security forces fired live ammunition to disperse pro-Biafra gatherings, resulting in the death of at least 150 people, no person suspected of criminal responsibility has been brought to justice,” said Osai Ojigho The Nigerian military promised to investigate the killings but is as yet to release a report of a commission of inquiry it set up in 2017. The AIN said that during peaceful Biafra Day celebrations in May 2016 in Onitsha, Anambra State, soldiers shot people in several locations. Amnesty International said its research concluded that at least, 60 extra-judicial executions were committed in the space of two days, with a further 70 people injured. The real number is likely to be higher. It said that a similar pattern of lack of accountability for gross violations by security forces has been documented in other parts of Nigeria including the north-east in the context of operations against Boko Haram. The organization said it has repeatedly called on the government of Nigeria to initiate independent investigations into allegations of crimes under international law, adding that President Muhammadu Buhari has repeatedly promised that it would be investigated. Rivers: Over 60 people killed in cult attacks - Amnesty International releases damning report Amnesty International slams Nigerian govt failing to address tortures, extra-judicualial killings of citizens Nnamdi Kanu parents' burial: HURIWA evaluates performance of Nigerian army These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More