A 28-year-old ex-convict, Mr. Emeka Okeke, has been arrested for reportedly raping a 36-year-old woman (name withheld). Emeka allegedly used a fake gun to force the victim into submission. The state police spokesperson, SP Haruna Mohammed, who revealed this on Saturday, said the incident happened on Thursday around Okpuno area in Awka South Local Government Area at about 9pm. He said the victim reported the incident to the police, and officers commenced an investigation and tracked down the suspect, retrieving also the handle of a hand-held saw, which the suspect used as a gun to hoodwink the victim into submission. Haruna, who told the story in a press release said, “On the 7/5/2020 a 36-year-old woman resident at UNIZIK temp-site Awka, reported at B Division Awka that at about 9:pm of 6/5/2020, while departing with her friend at Okochi Okpuno, a man later identified as Emeka Okeke ‘m’ aged 28 years alias “Aso Rock” followed her closely, raised his shirt to show her a ‘gun’ tucked in his waist and threatened to shoot her dead if she did not submit herself to his sexual demand for Carnal knowledge. “Consequently, the frightened victim, believing it was a real gun, and under the fear of being shot dead, followed him to a building in Okochi where he forcefully had unlawful carnal knowledge of her. Again, while being led out of the scene, the suspect forcefully led her to the premises of Community Primary School, Okpuno, where he had another round of sex with the victim. “Following the report, the suspect was trailed and arrested by police detectives in conjunction with vigilante group attached to Okpuno Community. Search was conducted on the suspect instantly and the handle of a cutting hand saw, a semblance of a shotgun, which he concealed underneath his shirt, was recovered as exhibit. Upon interrogation, the suspect voluntarily confessed to the alleged crime.” Haruna said the victim was taken to the hospital for medical examination and presently receiving treatment. He added that the suspect is also a notorious offender who recently returned from the Correctional Centre, Awka over alleged case of manslaughter.