As Nigerians continue to grapple with the challenges of the coronavirus pandemic, the people of Ugwuoba community have rolled out palliatives which they said were to complement the efforts of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State. The items worth over N7m were distributed across the 17 villages that make up the community. Ugwuoba is in Oji River Local Government Area of Enugu State. A community-based group, ‘Ugwuoba Progressive Minds’, which mobilized its members of the project, said it was to reduce the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Speaking after the items were distributed to the beneficiaries, the Admin/Convener of the project, Dr. Nnanna Nwangwu said “the entire people of Ugwuoba had demonstrated love and commitment towards complimenting the efforts of Rt. Hon Dr Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, the Governor of Enugu State Government through their dear son, Hon. Barr. Frank Udemezue, LGA chairman of Oji River.” Nwangwu added that “Ugwuoba, for the first time has shown unity of purpose, love, transparency and accountability, to reduce the negative impact of this pandemic on our people. Over 400 persons were reached across the 17 villages in Ugwuoba.” He said key figures that played prominent roles in the project included Hon Harrison Okeke (SSA to the Governor), Chief Ossy Omah, PG Ugwuoba Development Union, Dr Chukwujekwu Ubaka (Chairman of the palliative committee) and his team. After the palliative at the community level, the fire to do more was rekindled among progressive minds in some villages who have started village level donations. He said the donations trickled down to Agungwu village in Ugwuoba, “through their illustrious sons Mr Sunday Ikwumelueze (Oyoyo) who donated 100 bags of rice and Mr Simon Ani who donated 100 bags of rice, plus 1million Naria. “At Egbagu village 50 bags of rice, 2 bags of beans and almost 200k were donated by Atuba Azubike, Jonas Anya and Ikechukwu Anya, respectively. “At Ogbudu village, 240 bags of rice, 120 cartons of Noodles and 2,500 cash were made available to 240 persons. Top of the list of donors were Mr Dozie Okolo and Anthony Ikeanyi who donated 500,000 each. His Royal Highness Igwe Nathan Nwangwu also made donations to support the progressive adventure.” Nwangwu declared that “Ugwuoba Progressive Minds will continue to support our proactive Governor, especially this challenging time to ensure that his developmental agenda is achieved.” Palliatives: Enugu community begs government after self-effort COVID-19: Enugu monarch hails Gov. Ugwuanyi, makes donations I’ll continue to promote peace in Enugu – Gov. Ugwuanyi