The Enugu State Government has confirmed that one new case of coronavirus has been recorded in the State, bringing the total of the new coronavirus disease patients to 16. The Commissioner for Health, Prof. Ikechukwu Obi, disclosed this in a statement issued on Wednesday in Enugu. Obi said that the new confirmed case had a travel history. He also said that two earlier cases, being treated at the state isolation centre, had tested negative. He said “Two more COVID-19 confirmed cases in Enugu State test negative as State records one positive case with travel history, in violation of inter-state transportation ban. “The Enugu State Ministry of Health announces that two more active COVID-19 cases, undergoing treatment in Enugu State, have tested negative and are being assessed for discharge from the isolation and treatment centre. “This brings the total number of cases in Enugu state now to 16, with eight active cases and eight discharged cases.” He further explained that the two cases that had become negative were case number three and her son, who was case number 10. “The new positive case was a 39-year-old indigene of Enugu state, who lives in Lagos state and made his way to Enugu in violation of the restriction order on May 13. “On an alert, since he was already ill, he was assessed, tested and the result returned positive. “The need to comply with the inter-state movement restriction order and other precautionary measures for the containment of the spread of COVID-19 cannot be overemphasised. “Enugu state inhabitants are, therefore, encouraged to continue to comply with the directives of the Federal and the state governments on restriction orders,’’ he added. The commissioner appealed to the public to comply with precautionary measures in the public health advisory as directed by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) and the State’s Ministry of Health. Enugu records 3 new cases as widow smuggles husband’s corpse from Lagos Enugu Govt confirms one new case of coronavirus Enugu confirms 9-year-old as new case of coronavirus