The Abia State House of Assembly has reacted to signing into a law Executive Order 10, by President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration, which ensures full implementation of the financial autonomy granted to the state legislature and Judiciary. DAILY POST recalls that President Muhammadu Buhari had signed the order into law last Friday. Umar Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media to the Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, made this known in a statement issued to journalists in Abuja. This means that Nigerian States’ Legislature and Judiciary Arms no longer have to wait for Governors for funds but would be more independent. However, Abia Assembly presided by the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Chinedum Orji during its plenary seasion, in Umuahia on Wednesday, appreciated the President for the courageous step into signing the Executive Order, towards ensuring dividends of democracy get to the masses at the grassroots. Meanwhile, the 2nd Vice Chairman of Nigeria Bar Association(NBA), Monday Onyekachi Ubani, has highlighted President Muhammadu Buhari-led federal government signing into law Executive Order 10, which gives for the full implementation of the financial autonomy granted to State legislative and Judicial arms of government. In a statement on Wednesday, Ubani said provisions of the Executive Order was explicit that the Accountant General must ensure the Allocations to these two other arms of government get to them directly, especially of those States where the governors have disregarded the implementation of the constitution. Continuing, he said, “The State legislative assemblies are mandated to appropriate the sums of money due to the States’ Assemblies and the judiciaries by giving them priority in their budgeting process.” Ubani lamented that there is no single local government area in Nigeria that receives in full her allocations from the federation account as the funds are being tampered with by state governors amounted in billions of naira. The senior lawyer commended the President for his backing of the total implementation of financial autonomy for the legislature and Judiciary, describing as innovation brought to revive Nigeria. Financial Autonomy: Governors blackmailed State assemblies Nigerian States' Legislature, Judiciary now independent as Buhari signs Financial Autonomy Order Financial Autonomy: Buhari has given lawmakers best Salah gifts - Speaker Obasa