The controversy trailing the recent appointment of Mr. Henry Ogbulogo as Abia nominee into the board of Federal Character Commission(FCC) by President Muhammadu Buhari has further deepened as the Abia zonal leadership of the All Progressives Congress,(APC), cautioned leaders and Stakeholders against causing disaffection in the party fold. This is coming as the Abia Working Committee(SWC) of the APC last week rejected the appointment of Henry Ogbulogo as Abia representative into the Board of the Federal Character Commission(FCC). Comrade Benedict Godson, the State Publicity Secretary of the All Progressives Congress(APC), had in a statement said the appointment of Ogbulogo amounted to a loss of opportunity and a massive disservice to committed, qualified and loyal members of APC. The Abia APC also claimed that the Abia appointee was not a member of the party and had never attended or participated in any of the activities of the party in the state. However, addressing newsmen on behalf of leaders and Stakeholders of the All Progressives Congress(APC) after its enlarged caucus meeting in Umuahia, the zonal vice chairman of the APC in Abia North Senatorial district, Chief Chris Aja, insisted that Ogbulogo has contributed immensely to the success of the party in the state, especially during the last general elections. According to Aja, “There are constitutional procedures. While we expected the right thing to be done, which is, if there is any crisis or controversy arising from any appointment from any particular zone or ward, the right thing should have been to consult the Ward and zonal chairman of APC in Abia North. These things were not done. Ogbulogo is a Stakeholder in the party at ward 8 in Isuikwuato LGA chapter and had devoted so much which saw many of our party candidates winning elections in Abia North Senatorial zone during the last general elections”. The Party chieftain added, “All these publications and acrimonies should stop. I’m saying this on behalf of leaders and stakeholders of APC in Abia North Senatorial zone. There are internal party mechanisms set in place by the party when it comes to party issues like this. Not making baseless statements against the choice of the federal government. From ward, LGA, we can confirm to you that Ogbulogo is a bonafide and registered member of the APC”. FCC Board: Crisis hit Abia APC as leaders disagree over Henry Ogbulogo' appointment FCC Board:  APC rejects Abia appointee , Henry Ogbulogo NDDC board audit: APC urges Buhari to withdraw Nwogu Nwogu as Abia representative