The Plateau State Government on Saturday disclosed that most of the cases of COVID-19, which led to the number rising to 15 in state were all imported from outside the state, particularly from Kano and Lagos States. The State Government equally stated that out of the 15 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in the State, 7 of them are from Jos North LGA of the state. It also blamed weak border security for the rising cases of the coronavirus in the state. This was disclosed by the state Commissioner of Health, Dr Nimkong Ndam, while briefing journalists in Jos, the state capital. Ndam said, “As at yesterday being 8th May, 2020, we were able to carry 15 samples to the laboratory, we resolved 150 results, out of these 150 results, 60 were almajiris, and the remaining 90 were persons of interest. He said out of the aforementioned results, the state recorded ten confirmed cases. “And of these 10 confirm cases, 6 were contact of the 4th case recorded in the state, and are all from Plateau. “There is another one, a woman and her child, in our quarantine centre, who also tested positive. “Also, an elderly woman who is on self- isolation, also tested positive; and a man also on self-isolation, tested positive. “It’s also important to note that the woman and her daughter came from Kano; so also the elderly woman on self isolation, came from Kano; while the man on self-isolation came from Lagos”, he explained. “From what I have enumerated above, you will fine out that most of our cases were imported”, he stressed. Also speaking, the Secretary to the Government of the State, Prof. Danladi Atu, assured citizens that government is making frantic efforts to ensure that border security is intensified. Atu appealed to citizens not to panic, but follow the COVID-19 safety guidelines. He lamented that with the Commissioner of Health has enumerated, “Plateau has started witnessing community transmission, therefore everyone needs to adhere to the ground rules laid down by government to prevent the spread”. Lagos confirms 59 new cases as toll rises to 438 in state Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Monday Morning Kaduna: El-Rufai govt confirms 15 more Almajiris test positive for COVID-19