At least two persons have been reportedly killed at Umuhali community in Ishielu Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, resulting from a clash that ensued between two communities in the area. The victims included a 13-years-old boy, Izuchukwu Promise of Ezza Umuhuali and a 50-year-old man, Emeka Nwannaji, of Umuhuali. DAILY POST learnt that Izuchukwu had gone to the forest to fetch firewood where he had an altercation with Emeka. It was further learnt that Emeka in the process killed Izuchukwu. The murder of Izuchukwu, who is from Ezza Umuhuali community angered youths of the area, who retaliated and killed Emeka. It was further gathered that youths of both communities clashed following the killings, leading to destruction of some properties. A source from the community said that the clashes lead to the total blockage of the Nkalagu – Eha-Amufu – Ikem – Nsukka federal road, which passed through the two communities and thereby preventing motorists and other road users from passing. When contacted, the Ebonyi State Police command through the Police public relations officer, DSP Loveth Odah confirmed the incident. According to her, the youths of Ezza Umuhuali took laws into their hands by matcheting Emeka to death. She said the Police Command on getting the report swung into action by sending patrol team to the area to restore normalcy. “Police have launched investigations into the incident. We urged people to remain calm. People should not take laws into their hands but seek justice by reporting to the Police,” she said. She said the Acting Police Commissioner, DCP Yekini Ayoku, has visited the area and has promised that Police will investigate the incident and prosecute all those involved. Meanwhile, the Chairman of the local government area, Henry Eze, also confirmed the incident. He said certain political interests in the area were trying to unsettle the peace in the area which the state government has worked hard to achieve. “We are resolving the issue. There is no cause for alarm. Government has waded into the matter,” he said. 1 killed, houses, cars burnt in Ebonyi as PDP, APC supporters clash Ebonyi Communal Crisis: Gov. Umahi orders security operatives to shoot at sight Ebonyi SSG berates enemies of airport project in Ezza These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More