More revelations emerged on Wednesday about the crisis rocking the All Progressives Congress party, APC, in Kwara state. In a chat with newsmen in Ilorin, on the first anniversary of Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq’s administration, Chief Gbenga Awoyale, said the crisis was borne out of misplaced priority on the part of some few individuals, not after the progress of the state. Awoyale revealed that ” build-up to the last general elections, some quiet donations were made to the party by some well-meaning Kwarans and friends of Kwara to prosecute and support the liberation struggle. “Unfortunately, the money was not adequately accounted for by the executive committee of the party in the state. “Also, there was a time the party leadership in the state proposed to travel to Abuja to attend a one-day meeting and requested for N10m from the governor. The bill submitted to the governor for a day trip was outrageous and he told them to make use of the amount he would provide them from his purse because such requests to the government could not fly. “He sought their understanding, but this did not go down well with the party chairman and since then he has been personally rude to the governor.” Gbenga who is the President-General of Orinsun Igbomina socio-cultural group in Kwara South senatorial district, described governor Abdulrazaq as a simple person who would not go after people that insult him. “You can’t believe that in Abuja, during a reception in honour of ministers appointed from Kwara state, the state party chairman failed to recognise the state governor amid dignitaries in attendance at the event. It was a height of insult, rudeness anyone would mete out to a state governor.” He said the party’s constitution was very clear as to who is the leader of the party in the state, hence anyone who contests that position with the state governor amounts to anti-party activity, an offence which should not be swept under the carpet by the national leadership. Kwara APC crisis deepens Kwara: Hoodlums attack APC chairman for allegedly frustrating Gov Abdulrazaq Saraki's loyalist, PDP chieftains, suspended council chairmen set to join APC in Kwara