The people of Amutenyi Autonomous Community in Udenu Local Government Area of Enugu State, have commended Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for commencing the construction of Amutenyi/Obollo-Afor/Umuenachi Amalla road, “hitherto neglected for so many decades by past administrations”. In a statement by the Traditional Ruler of the autonomous community, HRH Igwe Mike Chima, the people also appreciated Gov. Ugwuanyi for “his special passion & commitment to rural-urban development in the state”. They stated that “Gov. Ugwuanyi’s rural development policy, targeted at improving the living standard of the rural dwellers and the long neglected, for socio-economic growth, is unprecedented in the history of Enugu State”. Reacting to the observations made by a group of youths and other stakeholders in the community concerning some contentious technical issues about the ongoing road project, Igwe Chima explained that he drew the attention of the Ministry of Works and Infrastructure to the issues and invited the Ministry and the road contractor for a meeting which was held in his palace. According to him, “I am glad to state that the Ministry of Works and Infrastructure made satisfactorily explanations at the meeting, confirming that the contractor handling the project, Maccico Construction Company Ltd, is competent, fully equipped and working in accordance with the contract specifications and should continue work”. The Traditional Ruler added that he has written to the works and infrastructure ministry “informing it that my community prefers shoulder instead of drainage as it was done from Obollo-Eke roundabout to the police station”. Pointing out that his community is fully commitment to the successful completion of the road “in line with the details and specifications for the contract”, Igwe Chima disclosed that “the State Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure, Engr. Greg Nnaji, recently clarified further that the procurement followed due process and reiterated the ministry’s commitment to Quality Assurance and Quality Control of all road projects in the state”. His words: “The Commissioner also maintained that the contractor is competent and had recently completed similar road projects in the state. “I, therefore, once more appreciate our dear Governor for his aggressive rural transformation programme in the state and enjoin my community and the general public to disregard the media reports about this road project as I reassure the contractor of the safety of his workers & equipment”.  Full text of the statement reads: “On behalf of the good people of Amutenyi Autonomous Community in Udenu Local Government Area of Enugu State, I humbly wish to commend our worthy son and able Governor, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Gburugburu) for his special passion & commitment to rural-urban development in the state. “My community wishes to state that Gov. Ugwuanyi’s rural development policy, targeted at improving the living standard of the rural dwellers and the long neglected, for socio-economic growth, is unprecedented in the history of Enugu State. “It is on this note that we, the people of Amutenyi Autonomous Community, use this medium to formally express our deep appreciation to our Governor, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, for the ongoing construction of AMUTENYI OBOLLO-AFOR- UMUENACHI AMALLA ROAD, which was hitherto neglected for so many decades by past administrations. “Since the commencement of this road project, my community has shown utmost commitment towards its successful completion in line with the details and specifications for the contract. “However, the youth and other stakeholders of my community have in the cause of supervision noted some contentious technical issues concerning the width and drainage structure of the road. “Consequently, I drew the attention of the State Ministry of Works and Infrastructure to the issues and invited the Ministry and road Contractor for a meeting which was held in my Palace. “I am glad to state that the Ministry of Works and Infrastructure made satisfactorily explanations at the meeting, confirming that the contractor handling the project, Maccico Construction Company Ltd, is competent, fully equipped and working in accordance with the contract specifications and should continue work. “Following the outcome of the meeting, I have written to the Ministry of Works and Infrastructure informing it that my community prefers shoulder instead of drainage as it was done from Obollo-Eke roundabout to the police station. “Importantly, the State Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure, Engr. Greg Nnaji, recently clarified further that the procurement followed due process and reiterated the Ministry’s commitment to Quality Assurance and Quality Control of all road projects in the state. “The Commissioner also maintained that the contractor is competent and had recently completed similar road projects in the state. “I, therefore, once more appreciate our dear Governor for his aggressive rural transformation programme in the state and enjoin my community and the general public to disregard the media reports about this road project as I reassure the contractor of the safety of his workers & equipment, HRH Igwe Mike Chima (Enyi II of Obollo),Amutenyi Autonomous Community, Udenu Local Government Area, Enugu State”