Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, confirmed a total of 220 COVID-19 cases in Nigeria on Saturday. The centre said as at Saturday, May 2 2020, the total number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Nigeria now stands at 2388. 2. Nigeria on Saturday recorded seventeen Coronavirus deaths in a single day. According to the data released by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, with 17 fatalities reported on Saturday , the total number of deaths in the country now stands at 85. 3. The Emir of Rano, Dr Tafida Abubakar Ila II, is dead. The monarch died on Saturday, at a hospital in Kano State and has since been buried according to Islamic rites. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with Kano State Government and Council of Chiefs over passing of Emir of Rano, Alhaji Tafida Abubakar Ila Auta Bawo. Buhari described the emir as someone, whose words of wisdom, nobility and decency will be sorely missed, “especially at a time the government is relying on traditional rulers to sensitize citizens on directives for safety.” 5. The Governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Ganduje, has announced the relaxation of the presidential lockdown order imposed on the State. Ganduje on Saturday announced two free days for purchases during the lockdown period. 6. The Borno State government has confirmed that sixteen health workers tested positive for Coronavirus. Usman Umar Kadafur, the State’s Deputy Governor and chairman of the response team disclosed this on Saturday during a press briefing in Maiduguri, the State capital, adding that so far, a total of 69 COVID-19 persons have been confirmed positive in the state. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of AVM Muhammadu Muhammed (retd) as the Director-General of the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA). Muhammadu Muhammed now serves as a replacement for erstwhile DG, Mustapha Maihaja. 8. Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, the Director-General of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, has said that Nigeria and the rest of the world will not be returning to normalcy in 2020. He said normalcy may return next year, at the very least after the ravaging COVID-19 pandemic. 9. The Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Idi Aba, Abeokuta, Ogun State, was thrown into panic on Saturday after a pregnant woman was said to have died from Covid-19 complications at the hospital. Report said the deceased, who was tested for COVID – 19 alongside two others – a male and a female, died while awaiting result of the test. 10. Malam Rabiu Musa, Head of Communications in the Kano Field Office of UNICEF, is dead. His son, Musa Rabiu, told newsmen in Kano that his father died on Saturday at the age of 60.