Apostle Johnson Suleman of Omega Fire Ministries, has condemned the alleged killing of a female student of University of Benin, UNIBEN, in Edo State, Vera Uwaila Omozuwa. Uwaila, a 100 level Microbiology student of UNIBEN was gruesomely raped and murdered by some unknown persons while reading in a Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, in Benin City. Reacting to the incident, Apostle Suleman vowed that those behind the dastardly act won’t go unpunished. In a tweet, the clergyman disclosed that he spoke with the state Governor, Godwin Obaseki and the matter “won’t be swept under the carpet.” He wrote: “I strongly condemn the gruesome killing of Vera Uwaila, a 100 level microbiology student of our great uniben. Dastardly as it it, we are yet to hear of any arrest. May God give her parents fortitude to bear the loss. Justice must be served as she was just 22yrs old.#justiceforuwa. “I just spoke with the governor, the death of Vera Uwaila won’t be swept under the carpet. If someone could have the nerve to come kill a girl inside the church, then there would be consequences. If there are mad men, there are psychiatric doctors.” Justice for Uwa: Obaseki calls for immediate investigation over murder of UNIBEN student in Edo church Vera Omozuwa: UNIBEN reacts to alleged rape of 100 level student in church 'We are tired' - Don Jazzy, Tiwa Savage, Nigerians react to rape of UNIBEN female student, killings in Nigeria These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More