The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in Ogun State has said that four people died while six others sustained injuries in three separate accidents in the state on Friday. The Ogun State Sector Commander of FRSC, Clement Oladele, disclosed this in an interview with NAN on Saturday in Ota. According to Oladele, the first crash occurred at about 10.30 a.m. due to burst of tyre and excessive speeding at Abeokuta-Sagamu route, near Showo. He said it involved two vehicles: a Mazda bus marked AKM 125 AA and a KIA bus, marked KRD 34 CW. The commander explained that five people were involved, with three sustaining varying degrees of injuries, but no fatality. “The three injured persons were rescued and taken to an undisclosed hospital for intensive treatment,’’ he said. Oladele said that the second crash happened at about 1.30 p.m. around Arepo Bus-Stop, on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. The lone accident involving a motorbike marked AYE 428 UL carrying three persons was caused by dangerous riding. While one person died, two others sustained injuries. “The corpse of the victim has been deposited at Idera hospital morgue while the survivors are receiving medical attention at ROA Hospital, Arepo in Ogun,” Oladele said. Oladele, however, said that the third crash involved a Toyota Camry car, marked KTU 421 CA and a Bajaj motorcycle marked GGE 723 QF. According to him, the accident happened at about 7.49 p.m due to route violation and driving against traffic around the long bridge on Lagos-Ibadan Expressway. He said that the car drove against traffic and rammed into the motorcycle that led to the death of three male adults while one person sustained injuries. “The corpses of the victims have been deposited at Idera Hospital morgue while the survivor is also receiving treatment at the same hospital,’’ Oladele said. Two dead, seven injured in Ogun auto crash Three dead, 10 injured in Lagos-Ibadan highway crash Two dead, six injured in Ogun auto crash These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More