The national leadership of the Peoples Democratic Party has extended the tenure of the Cross River State Executive Committee The party extended the tenure of the Ntufam Edim Inok-led state executive committee of the party by three months. The State executive committee is, however, to function as a caretaker committee pending the state congress of the party where a new executive committee will be elected. A letter addressed to the state chairman, Ntufam Edim Inok and signed by the National Organising Secretary of PDP, Col. Austin Akobundu, explained that the Cross River Exco of the party has now been reconstituted into a Caretaker Committee and its tenure extended by three months. “I wish to formally inform you that the National Working Committee (NWC) of our great party, on behalf of the National Executive Committee, NEC, in under section 29 (2)(b) and 31(2) (E) of our party’s constitution (2017 as amended) approved the reconstitution of the current state executive committee members of your state into state caretaker committee. “Accordingly, the current State Exco Members upon the expiry of their tenure acts as State Caretaker Committee to run the affair of the Party until a new State Executive Committee is elected; provided that they shall not serve in such capacity for more than three months from May 10, 2020.” The letter made available to DAILY POST by Special Adviser to Governor Ayade on media and publicity, Mr, Christian Ita on Friday further stated that the reconstitution and tenure extension became necessary ”due to the COVID-19 Pandemic in the country and the Federal Government’s Stay-at-Home directives.” PDP ward executives suspends state chairman in Cross River State Cross Rivers: Crisis in PDP deepens as state chairman rejects NWC PDP orders NWC to swear in new Ward and Local Government Executives These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More