Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau State has expressed shock over the alleged murder of a 20-year-old, Rinji Peter Bala by a personnel serving with the military task force responsible for the maintenance of peace in the state, code named, Operation Safe Haven (OPSH). Also, the Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Defence and Senator representing Plateau North Senatorial District, Istifanus Gyang condemned the act and called on the Plateau State Police Command to thoroughly investigate the assassination of the deceased who was a 300-level student of the University of Jos. Lalong, through his Director of Press and Public Affairs, Dr. Makut Simon Macham, called on the OPSH authority to investigate the killing. “Governor Simon Lalong expresses shock and sadness over the death of Mr. Rinji Peter Bala, who was said to have been shot by security personnel along Zaria Road, Jos, on 12th May, 2020. “Consequently, he has directed that a thorough investigation be carried out to unravel the circumstances surrounding the killing of the young man. He assures that those found culpable will face the law of the land. “Already, a security personnel alleged to have been involved in the incident has been taken into custody for further investigation.” Senator Gyang also speaking through his Special Assistant on Media and Protocol, Musa Ibrahim Ashoms, condemned reports of extra judicial killings across the country where trigger-happy security operatives acting outside clearly defined rules of engagement, terminate the lives of citizens with reckless abandon. According to him, “All arm-bearing personnel of the military and para-military agencies are expected to exercise due diligence and extreme caution in handling the weapons in their possession with the ultimate intention to secure and safeguard lives and property of citizens. “Any abuse and misuse of arms by law enforcement agents that results in the killing of law-abiding citizens becomes unacceptable and the perpetrators must be made to face the full wrath of the law to serve as a deterrent,” he stressed. Also condemning the act, the Executive Director, Youth Initiative Against Violence and Human Rights Abuse (YIAVHA), Comrade Pwakim Jacob Choji, called for a thorough investigation and subsequent prosecution of perpetrators of the dastard act. Choji said, “While we call on the Commissioner of Police, authorities at the Operation Safe Haven headquarters, and the Plateau State government to investigate this act, we call on the authorities to show solidarity with the family of the deceased and administer a transparent process of investigation and most likely prosecution that restores public confidence in the government and security agencies, especially at this moment that everyone needs to be on board to prevent the spread of COVID-19. “We encourage members of the public to be law-abiding and observe safety measures set out by government and health professionals,” he admonished. DAILY POST recalls that, on Tuesday evening, a 20-year-old 300 level student of the University of Jos, was killed by operatives of OPSH responsible for the maintenance of peace in the state.