Amidst the coronavirus pandemic, resident doctors at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital, Sagamu, Ogun State, have said that they will be embarking on a three-day warning strike starting from on Monday, May 4. The President and General Secretary of the association, Popoola Mutiua and Osundara Tope, made this known in a statement on Sunday, adding that doctors decided to embark on strike to demand for appropriate remuneration for doctors in OOUTH as they battle the coronavirus pandemic. According to the statement, the association would review the response of the government after the three-day warning strike. The statement read “We have a human face and we know people are the basis of our practice as medical professionals. ”We shall, therefore, exclude our members working at COVID-19 isolation centre from joining the strike action. ”They will not take part in the strike. Following the three-day warning strike, we will review the government’s response and appropriate action shall be taken thereafter. ”The whole house is very much displeased with the government on issues that bother us about our agitations and welfare. ”We are perturbed with the non-committal response from the government despite repeated calls and letters to get their attention. ”There has been no commitment whatsoever from the government on the issue of Appropriate Remuneration, Entry Level, New Minimum Wage, Hazard allowance and Life Insurance for our members. ” No response to the letter written by the National Body of the Association of Resident Doctors notifying Ogun State Government on the aberration concerning the Appropriate Remuneration to her members at OOUTH. ”Despite the inadequate response of Ogun State Government to the Health risks confronted by our members during this coronavirus pandemic, our members went ahead to continue their work diligently in their various departments and at the Isolation Center. ” The 200 per cent increase in hazard allowance is just an increase from N5000 to N15,000 for just the month of April. ” We were taken aback by the arbitrary change in only hazard allowance to be given as coronavirus Special Hazard Allowance to all health workers.”