The Rivers State Executive Council has approved the review of the 2020 Budget in line with the present economic realities occasioned by the coronavirus pandemic. Accordingly, the State’s 2020 Budget has been reviewed by 48 percent from N530,813,357,619.00 Billion to N300,370,071,183.00 Billion. The State Commissioner for Finance and Supervisory Commissioner for Budget and Economic Planning, Isaac Kamalu announced this while briefing newsmen after the State Executive Council meeting, presided over by the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike at the Government House, Port Harcourt. Kamalu stated that; “The State Executive Council also gave approval for the review of the 2020 Medium Term Expenditure Framework, accommodating a downsizing of the budget. “The decision was taken in consideration of all necessary parameters geared towards offering the state purposeful service and effective leadership.” The State Executive Council also approved the commencement of a free transportation scheme in Port Harcourt amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. State Commissioner for Transport, Soni Ejekwu said the Council approved the Free Bus Scheme with a fleet of 28 Luxury Buses to convey commuters free of charge during this COVID-19 period. “The Scheme which would start from Monday, June 1, 2020, is part of measures introduced by the government to ameliorate the sufferings faced by those living and doing business in the state. “The Free Buses would convey commuters in Obio/Akpor, Port Harcourt, Eleme and Oyigbo Local Government Areas,” he said. The Commissioner also stated that wearing of facemasks would be a compulsory requirement for any commuter who would want to enjoy the free service. Earlier, the State Commissioner for Information and Communications, Paulinus Nsirim announced the setting up of an Executive Council Committee to work out modalities that would outline conditions to be met by those who intend to bury their loved ones during this period. Fall in oil price forces Anambra govt to review 2020 budget Ekiti slashes 2020 budget, suspends four Kingmakers Enugu Govt approves payment of N30,000 Minimum Wage