The Senate, Tuesday , urged the Federal Government to implement the recommendations meant to address the spate of killings arising from the activities of banditry across the country. It also directed the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) to immediately send relief materials to the victims of banditry attacks. The red chamber further urged the Federal Government to direct the Nigeria Police and Nigeria Army to beef up personnel and equipment deployment to flashpoints of armed banditry in Katsina State. DAILY POST learnt that the recommendations are contained in the report of the Ad-Hoc Committee on Nigeria Security Challenges. The hallowed chamber made the call against the backdrop of two motions considered on the need to stem banditry attacks in Niger and Katsina States, respectively. In one of the motions sponsored by Senator Bello Mandiya (APC – Katsina South), he said, “the rising wave of coordinated armed attacks in several parts of Katsina state by murderous bandits led to mass killings of persons.” He also averred that bandits engaged in other forms of criminal activities such as cattle rustling, kidnapping and mass displacement of people from their ancestral lands. He added, “Recently, between Tuesday May 5th and Wednesday 6th, 2020, armed bandits carried out multiple attacks on several communities in Faskari, Kankara, Sabuwa, Dandume, Batsari and Jibia Locka Government Areas of the State. The attacks, the lawmaker said led to the shooting of the Divisional Police Officer, Aminu Abdulkareem, and the kidnap of the Head of Administration of Danmusa alongside his son to an unknown location. “The bandits used sophisticated weapons including AK-47 during the deadly operations; in fact, they are so emboldened that they now carry out their operations on a daily basis even in broad daylight”. Senator Mandiya also recalled that it was premised on the spate of insecurity in the country that the upper chamber on Wednesday, January 29, set up an Ad-Hoc Committee on Nigerian Security Challenges, amidst the urgent need to restructure, review, and reorganize the current security architecture. Bandits killings: Buhari sends Abba Kyari, Garba Shehu, Magashi, others to Katsina Buhari told to intervene as bandits attack Katsina residents Benue Senator, Suswam expresses frustration over Boko Haram attacks These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More