The Bauchi State Government has said multiple deaths in Azare Katagum Local Government were not caused by coronavirus, but “normal and seasonal.” Chairman of the Task Force on COVID-19 and Lassa fever, Baba Tela, spoke on Saturday while giving an update on the pandemic. Tela, also the Deputy Governor, lamented that there was a gap between the health personnel and the patients. “Following investigation of reports that there were multiple deaths of coronavirus patients in Azare, we only confirmed that only one death of COVID-19 patient was recorded at the FMC, Azare”, NAN quoted him as saying. Tela said the death occurred Friday night, while 26 patients that tested positive for coronavirus are currently receiving treatment at the isolation centre. He said a large number of suspected cases of COVID-19 entered Bauchi from Kano and Jigawa axis. “I went to the cemetery to investigate the report of multiple deaths in Azare, but I confirmed that it was normal and seasonal deaths. Yes, they buried nothing less than six bodies a day, contrary to what was reported, so it was false reports. “We agree that most of the deaths occurred within the same age brackets with those deaths recorded in Kano. The reason is that Kano, Jigawa and Azare have the same peculiarities,” he said. COVID 19- Bauchi records one suspected death, 83 cases Ogun confirms six new coronavirus cases COVID-19: 55-year-old man tests positive for coronavirus in Bauchi These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More