A pastor of the Believers’ Ministry church incorporated, Benin, Pastor Otobong Emerson, was among suspects, paraded by the Edo State Police Command for defiling siblings of ages 6, 7, 9 and another child of 11 years. Edo State Police Public Relations Officer, DSP. Chidi Nwabazor, while parading the suspect, said he had confessed to the offense. Emerson, aged 48, while confessing to the crime said, after having carnal knowledge of the minors multiple times, he had to confess to his General Overseer for his deeds, adding that a spirit influenced him to do so. “After sleeping with them several times, my conscience started judging me, so I went to confess to my G.O. I don’t know what pushed me. I don’t really know what’s wrong with me, I really feel sober for my deed.” In another development, the Command also paraded one Patrick Ayesan, aged 38, for having carnal knowledge and impregnating his 18 years old daughter. The suspect made a confessional statement to the offense, and was thereafter charged to court and consequently sentenced to ten (10) years imprisonment while his daughter is currently with the state Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development. He confessed that he had been sleeping with his daughter since January 2020, adding that he goes into it whenever the urge for sex comes. He disclosed that the mother of the girl is no more with him and that he lives alone with his daughter at Okosa community, Iguobasuwa, Ovia South-west Local Government Area of the state. ‘I only sleep with her when my body moves, and I started sleeping with her in January this year. My wife is no more with me, so I and my daughter stay together, and I sleep with her when the urge comes.” The police command also paraded one Joshua Aiworo, aged 38, and his wife, Blessing Ogieva, aged 25, for stealing and selling a baby of two months and seven days old to one Felicia Imaguomaruomwan at the rate of N300,000. The husband and wife confessed that one Joy Samuel, aka Mama Jennifer who is based in Italy, linked them up with the buyer (Felicia). They further confessed that the initial agreement with the buyer (Felicia) was that after payment of the above amount, Mr. Felicia was going to provide capital to Mrs. Ogieva so that she could start a business of her own.