The Ogun State Government has announced the death of another two COVID-19 patients in the state. With this, the state government said a total of four persons have died of the deadly virus in the Gateway State. Last night, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) announced that Ogun State has recorded another 13 positive cases of COVID-19. As at 11:30pm on Friday, the state has 113 confirmed cases of coronavirus. Out of the 113 cases, 30 have been discharged to reunite with their families. In a statement made available to DAILY POST by Gov Dapo Abiodun’ Senior Special Assistant on New Media, Emmanuel Ojo, the state said it now has 79 active cases receiving treatments in its isolation centres. The government read: “On Friday, 8th May, 2020, Ogun State discharged 10 COVID-19 patients to join their families after each of them tested negative to the virus twice, bringing the total number of discharged cases in the State to 30. “However, the NCDC announced 13 new confirmed cases of the virus in the State. This brings to total, 113 confirmed cases. “There are currently 79 active cases, who are being treated in the Treatment and Isolation Centres across the State. “Health authorities have started identifying and isolating close and possible contacts of all confirmed cases. “Residents are urged to stay at home, but if they must go out, they are advised to comply with distancing and hygiene measures, especially the wearing of facemasks and regular handwashing.” Ogun confirms six new coronavirus cases Ogun govt confirms 5 new cases of coronavirus COVID-19: Ogun discharges 6 patients, confirms 4 new cases These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More