Former Sokoto State Governor and Chairman of Senate Committee on Defence, Magatakarda Wamakko, has paid for the release of 33 inmates at the Medium Security Custodial Centre, Sokoto. In a statement by his media aide, Bashir Rabe Mani on Friday in Sokoto, the lawmaker said the benefiting inmates had their fines and compensations paid by the lawmaker. Mani also disclosed that the release of the inmates was facilitated through Aliyu Magatakarda Wamakko Free Legal Services Foundation with each inmate given the sum of N5,000 for Transport to their various destinations. “Each of the former inmates, all males, was also given N 5,000 transport fare. “This is part of the perennial gesture of Senator Wamakko during the Holy Month of Ramadan, to enable the released inmates celebrate the Eid-el-fitr with their various families.” Meanwhile, the Deputy Controller, Nigerian Correctional Service, in Charge of the Medium Security Custodial Centre, Sokoto, Idris Mohammed, lauded Senator Wamakko for the gesture, saying that the development would decongestant the Custodial Centre. DCP Idris added, “this noble gesture cannot come at a better time than now when the world is grappling with the raging global Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19), pandemic. “The gesture has also bolstered the security of the centre, as the decongestion has enhanced the coordination and administration of the centre.” Addressing the freed inmates, Senator Wamakko, who chairs the Foundation, appealed to them to steer clear of any crime. Represented by the Coordinator of the Foundation, Barrister Abdulhamid Zubair, Senator Wamakko said, ” this is to prevent you from committing any unsavoury acts capable of bringing you back into the custodial centre. “You should endeavour to be good and God-fearing citizens, as well as endeavour to be engaged in meaningful activities, so as to be useful to yourselves, your respective families and the general society. “ COVID- 19: Enahoro, Alli get presidential pardon as Buhari frees 2,600 inmates 115 inmates released in Nasarawa, given N5,000 each COVID-19: El-Rufai release 72 convicts