A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress, Hon. Adekunle Akinlade, has appealed to resident doctors at the Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital, Sagamu, in Ogun state to rescind their decision to embark on strike. Akinlade, who was the Ogun governorship candidate of the Allied People’s Movement (APM) in 2019, said a strike at OOUTH will not augur well for the state at this crucial time when their services are required to save humanity. Instead, the former lawmaker urged them to initiate a dialogue with the appropriate authorities in the state so as to resolve their grievances. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday by his Media Aide, Azeez Adelani, Akinlade further called on the State government to realign its priorities at this point in time. He said, “there is time for everything, time to play the ostrich and time to take responsibility. This administration will not be defined by how many roads it constructed or schools and hospitals it renovated at this point in time but its handling of Covid-19.” While commending the decision of the union to keep their staff working at various isolation centres across the state during the strike, Akinlade called for dialogue and re-negotiation between the health workers and the Ogun State Government. Meanwhile, Akinlade appealed to the health workers in the state not to throw away the baby with the bath water, asking them to consider the innocent people of Ogun State who rely on their expertise, dedication, commitment and services on daily basis. DAILY POST reported earlier that the OOUTH resident doctors have embarked on what they termed weekend strike. The doctors said they have resolved to discharge their duties during working days of the week only. The doctors were demanding the Governor Dapo Abiodun government to pay attention to issues of Appropriate Remuneration, Entry Level, New Minimum Wage, Hazard allowance, Life Insurance for its members among other requests. Coronavirus: Akinlade evaluates Gov Abiodun's preventive measures against COVID-19 in Ogun Ogun: Akinlade, supporters return to APC Ogun guber: Abiodun, Akinlade in war of words over Supreme Court move