Former Super Eagles forward, Osaze Odemwingie, has claimed that some former coaches of Nigeria’s senior national team were involved in player management. Odemwingie was reacting to the recent spate of allegations against coaches who had allegedly asked players for a bribe before featuring them in the Super Eagles. He also lamented being left out of the 2013 AFCON-winning squad under the guidance of late coach Stephen Keshi, saying he should have called him to resolve their rift. In an Instagram live interview with the Eagles media team, the 38-year-old disclosed that some coaches would instead select a weaker player over a strong one in a bid to market their player. Odemwingie said: “Some of our coaches did get involved in a bit of player management. They had management companies. Shaibu Amodu, for instance, had a management company. “Some picked a weaker player over a stronger one who played in a better club because they wanted to market their player. “He was in and out as a coach and an agent, but he was a great man. I used to talk with him whenever I could talk about it. I loved Amodu. “We used to fall out at times with him when they changed our hotels to a very poor one in Abuja. “I would raise questions because it was disgusting and downgrading.” Odemwingie added: “I think I should have called the coach [late Stephen Keshi] and not be stubborn, maybe I would have a gold medal too. “I dreamt about the team winning the 2013 AFCON trophy before the tournament kicked off. “But you know when you are young, and you believe you are right with your decision, you want to stick to it. Well, it is past now, but it is what I would have handled differently.” Odemwingie scored ten goals in 63 appearances for the Super Eagles. He represented Nigeria in four AFCON tournaments, two FIFA World Cups, and was also part of the 2008 Olympic silver medal-winning squad in Beijing, China. Odemwingie has played for Bendel Insurance, Lille, Lokomotiv Moscow, West Bromwich Albion, Cardiff City, Stoke City, Rotherham United, and Madura. More controversy as another former Super Eagles player makes claims of bribe payment I dumped Super Eagles of Nigeria because of late Stephen Keshi – Taiye Taiwo Yobo names best Super Eagles team-mate