A woman was said to have died in front of the Primary Health Centre in Oke-Ilewo, Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital. In a video obtained by DAILY POST, the lifeless body of the woman was seen lying on the floor, right in front of the hospital, on Saturday. There was panic among residents of Abeokuta, who suspect the woman must have died of the ravaging Coronavirus pandemic. DAILY POST recalls that on Tuesday, a young man had died inside a car on his way from Sagamu to Abeokuta. His corpse was dumped by the roadside. DAILY POST reports that Ogun State Government has confirmed that the video was truly from the Oke-Ilewo health centre. In a statement by the Commissioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker, it was learnt that the victim was “brought in dead” by the husband. The Commissioner said an unknown person had recorded the video when the husband and driver were hurriedly pushing the body out of the car. According to her, the matron of the hospital immediately arranged for an ambulance which evacuated the corpse. Coker disclosed that both the deceased and her husband were tested for COVID-19, saying the results are still being awaited. She added that the premises of the hospital had been fumigated, urging the people not to panic. The statement reads… “The attention of the Ogun State Ministry of Health has been drawn to a video circulating on the social media about a corpse claimed to be a COVID-19 victim at Primary Health Center, Oke-Ilewo, Abeokuta on Friday, May 9, 2020. “We wish to state that the corpse was Brought In Dead (BID) with the driver, who arrived at the PHC along with the individual’s husband, hurriedly pushing the body on the floor. It was at this moment that someone captured the corpse on camera. “The matron in charge of the facility swung into action by arranging for one of our ambulances to evacuate the corpse, while both the deceased and her husband were tested for COVID – 19, the results of which are still being awaited. “The entire premises of the health center were also immediately fumigated. We hereby urge members of the public not to panic. “Kindly be assured that as a responsive and responsible government, the state will leave no stone unturned at ensuring containment of this pandemic among its citizenry.” Watch video Here. We've released corpse of dead COVID-19 pregnant woman to her husband - Ogun FMC COVID-19: Three health workers, four patients reportedly test positive at Ogun FMC Pregnant woman dies in Ogun FMC as NCDC confirms second Coronavirus death