The Zamfara State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has condemned in strong terms, the interview granted by the state’s commissioner for Rural Development and Cooperatives, Alhaji Abubakar Abdullahi, criticising President Buhari on security issues. In a separate interview with our correspondent, in Gusau, the state capital the commissioner said that “Banditry has killed more than 3,000 people in Zamfara alone, yet the Federal government pays more attention to COVID 19 that has killed less than 200 nationwide”. In a swift reaction, the state secretary of the PDP, Hashimu Modomawa advised the commissioner to be mindful of his utterances which were capable of questioning the good working relationship between the state and the Federal government. Modomawa who issued a press statement to newsmen in Gusau stated that the commissioner is a member of the APC who was appointed by Matawalle due to his all-inclusive nature of Government. “The commissioner is a member of the APC and part of Governor Matawalle’s cabinet due to the all-inclusive nature of the government as initiated by the Governor to cater for all political opinion”. ” This privilege should not be abused rather should be seen as an avenue to bring peace and developments in the state”. Modomawa warned that ” Such utterances by the commissioner are capable of destroying the objective of the all-inclusive government and set the State and Federal government on a collision path”. He stressed that Governor Matawalle has a good working relationship with the Federal government adding that. “every assistance requested by the state government from the Federal government has always been accorded necessary attention”. On security issues, Modomawa said, ” the Federal government has already done enough for the state in neutralizing many armed bandits in the state”. Speaking further on coronavirus, he explained that, “the state government has been collaborating with the Federal government towards controlling and preventing the spread of the disease”. The state PDP scribe, therefore, advised those that were part of the all-inclusive government of Matawalle to desist from the opposition party, saying that they should be mindful of their utterances that were capable of bringing disaffection between the state and the federal government. Banditry: PDP hails President Buhari No case of Coronavirus in Zamfara - Health Commissioner Zamfara Govt announces discharge of 18 coronavirus patients