The Registrar/Chief Executive, Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN) Professor Segun Ajiboye on Thursday insisted that the Council has mobilised thousands of Nigerian teachers to participate in an online global conference focussed on adapting teaching to the change caused by the Coronavirus pandemic. Ajiboye made this assertion while speaking with journalists in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital. He stated that the state offices of TRCN mobilised teachers in their respective domains to bring them up to speed on the adaptive model of teaching occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to him, Nigerian Teachers top the over 50,000 who have registered for the free online global conference. He added that the conference which starts on Saturday, 30 May 2020 is to begin to expose Nigerian Teachers as part of the global professional in knowledge impartation and prepare them for the new reality in their job. Ajiboye noted that the theme of the conference “The New Normal for teachers”, was aimed at sharing knowledge on how to leverage technology to retool teachers in a new world unfolding by the COVID-19 pandemic. He stated that knowledge gained through the global conference will empower Nigerian teachers to learn what is the new normal in their profession, compare notes, and understand how to navigate the current challenge which has halted schooling in Nigeria due to the pandemic. “The T4Education conference is an international package put together to address the issue of COVID-19 pandemic and education, especially as it affects teachers. The Conference is coordinated in Nigeria by T4Education in Nigeria. “The Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria through its State offices mobilised Nigerian teachers to attend the online conference knowing its relevance and potential to address new challenges arising from the pandemic. “It is heartwarming to note that out of over 50 thousand teachers who have registered for this conference globally, Nigerian teachers constitute the majority. The Conference comes up on Saturday, May 30, 2020.” Use COVID-19 holiday to study for WAEC, NECO - TRCN tells Nigerian students Coronavirus: 1.7 billion children out of school globally - TRCN TRCN begins clampdown on schools, teachers without licence