Some houses owned by suspected kidnappers and cultists have been demolished in Calabar, Cross River State capital. Speaking shortly after the demolition on Thursday, the Special Adviser on Security, South South to Governor Ben Ayade, Hon Ani Esin condemned the action of the suspected kidnappers and cultists. Hon Ani Esin said that one of the suspected kidnappers, Kufre Eyo Etim, has been on the watch list of government for a long time, explaining that Etim owns a mini estate containing various flats. He said that government would do everything possible to get him and his likes, adding that Etim’s father is with them and giving them useful information, insisting that it is no more business as usual: Hon Esin noted that Etim is among the 35 persons declared wanted recently by the Cross River State Government, saying, “and we are not relenting in making sure that crime is a thing of the past in the state.” Etim (alias Romance)), is said to be a cultist and the leader of ticket group that operates within Bedwell axis and has been terrorising tricycle (keke) operators and taxi drivers. He is said to have made a fortune from the illegal deals and have allegedly extorted millions of Naira from keke riders, taxi drivers, traders and people who come to Bedwell to buy spare parts. “There shall be no hiding place for criminals, whether cultists, armed robbers, kidnappers as their assets will be confiscated and demolished. “Ayade is serious about ensuring we maintain our status as the safest and tourism destination place in Nigeria,” Essin stated Interestingly, residents of Calabar have hailed Governor Ayade over the committed fight against crimes and criminality in the state. A resident, Chief Bassey Nyong, 65, said this is the first time Ayade-led government has taken bold step to ridding the state of cultists and kidnappers who have been terrorising the people for years. Nyong, a landlord in Calabar South said, “We commend the government for going thus far in the fight against cultism and plead that there should be no stopping until all those on the wanted list are apprehended.” Another house demolished was at Bedwell Street owned by another notorious cultist popularly called CY. CY runs a popular notorious club that harbours criminals and some gangsters at Bedwell. It was gathered that before the demolition exercise, some of the kingpins and their followers have been rounded up and are being interrogated by security agencies. Five persons allegedly killed, property worth millions of Naira destroyed as cultists clash in Cross River Cult clash: PDP ex-chairman killed in Cross River Cross River Government receives 42 suspected cultists from Navy