A total of nine armed bandits have been killed after a gun battle with the Police and local vigilante in Rafi Local Government Area of Niger state. It was gathered that the fight took place at Karaya Mahanga and Bakachi villages by 2:30am on Saturday and lasted about four hours. Eyewitnesses say out of the nine bandits killed, three were intercepted and lynched by an angry mob when they ran towards Mekujeri village. The source disclosed that one hundred and fifty cows and two hundred flock of sheep were recovered from the bandits during the face-off. Confirming the incident, the state Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, ASP Wasiu Abiodun said the armed bandits engaged the police and local vigilante in a gun battle at Makujeri village less than four kilometers from Kagara headquarters of Rafi Local council area. ” The DPO Kagara mobilised Operation PUFF Adder with some local vigilante to engage the armed bandits and this led to the killing of nine bandits who have been terrorising people of Rafi and its environs for quite a long time,” Abiodun said. Chairman Rafi Local Government Area Alh Ismaila Modibo, who confirmed the incident, urged his people not to panic as efforts are being made to ensure normalcy is restored. Also, the Chief of Staff, CoS, Government House, Alh Ibrahim Balarabe, who visited the area and assured the people of the State Governments’ commitment to rid the state of all forms of criminal elements and its activities. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More