The Police in Ebonyi has said probe of alleged sexual exploitation of a 20-year-old woman in Abakaliki is underway. Public Relations Officer, DSP Loveth Odah, confirmed this investigation to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Friday. The spokesperson said that the International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA) facilitated the rescue of the victim, Miss Chinasa Chukwu, and her 2-year-old son. The victim, according to Odah, was taken to Kpirikpiri Police Division in Abakaliki, the State capital. The aunt who allegedly used her as a sex slave is currently at large. Odah said investigation was ongoing in the division “and I have confirmed that the girl was brought to the division by FIDA”. FIDA Chairperson in Ebonyi, Grace Chima, told journalists that the culprit must face the law. She recalled that the body got the report on May 20 and rescued the victim on May 21. Chima said FIDA was informed that a young girl was kept in a rented apartment by a woman identified as her aunt. “We were also informed that the woman always sent in two to three men in a day to have sex with Chukwu, while she watched and get paid at the end of the act,” she said. Chukwu, while narrating her ordeal at the Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development, alleged that her aunt always claimed that proceeds from the act would be used to pay for her training. The victim from Akaeze in Ivo Local Government Area is currently pregnant. “My aunt always brought two to three men each day to have sex with me in a rented apartment she got for me while she watched the act,” Chukwu said. A Hairstylist, Chizoba Okemiri, who enrolled Chukwu as an apprentice in her salon, confirmed that the victim’s aunt allegedly arranged married and young men for sex. She said Chukwu revealed how the woman threatened to discipline her for disclosing her activities. “Chinasa was brought to me on Easter day by her mother, aunt and aunt’s friend for the enrollment. After the bargaining for her training, her mother pleaded that she would be coming to the salon with her son because she might not cope with the child and her job. “Another apprentice in my shop had reported to me that men always visited the victim which I discovered and tried to stop her from seeing them. When I confronted the victim about the men, she revealed that it was her aunt who arranged for those men. “When the visit persisted, I called her mum and aunt to confirm the development, but the aunt told me that I will get to know why they visit her, one day. I became uncomfortable and had to report the matter to a staff of Nigeria Television Authority (NTA), who now facilitated her rescue,” Okemiri said.