As National Assembly set to interrogate the management of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) over an alleged N40bn contract scam; the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS), has called for non interference by the legislators. The Senate had on Tuesday, set up an adhoc committee, following a motion by Senator George Sekibo (Rivers East), to investigate how the Interim Management Committee (IMC) of the NDDC allegedly squandered N40 billion within three months. The move has been criticised by many stakeholders, including youth bodies in Niger Delta, who felt the action of the National Assembly was targeted at interfering with the ongoing forensic audit at the NDDC, under the leadership of the overseeing Minister, Goodwill Akpabio. A statement signed by its National President, Comrade Danielson Akpan on Friday, the NANS called on the National Assembly not to be “a clog in the wheel of progress of the Niger Delta”. The body expressed deep concerned that, “under the admirable leadership of the Senate President, Dr. Ahmed Lawan and the Speaker of the 9th Assembly, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, the NDDC is again targeted for cheap blackmail”. The Union admonished the leadership of National Assembly not to allow itself be seen as the enemies of the Niger Delta People “or working at cross purposes with the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari”. “It will be out of place that, instead of offering to the good people of the region support to achieve the same goals with President Muhammadu Buhari, who mustered the political will to order the evaluation of the impact of the NDDC on the lives of the average Niger Deltan via a forensic audit, the same which has received support from Governors of the region and Nigerians, the National Assembly is giving its hallowed chambers to people who are out to frustrate the forensic audit of the Commission which has commenced in earnest. “The leadership of NANS wishes to call on the National Assembly to reign in its covetous members suddenly turn alarmist. It has become needful in the midst of this pandemic to call on Hon. Akpatason, Sen. Peter Nwaboshi and Senator Sekibo, to concentrate on making laws that will uplift the living standard of the Niger Delta people, rather than engage in smear campaign and mudslinging of the Interim Management Committee and the Honourable Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio. “We are frustrated that just when there appears a glimmer of hope that the Commission would bring about sustainable development of the Niger Delta region, the National Assembly has constituted itself as a clog in the wheel of progress. When would development get to the creeks, the people, our siblings, students, poor, teachers, community, when would infrastructure be available for use by the residents of Niger Delta . We are tired of unending probe that only seeks to arm twist the management of the NDDC and probably make them to dish out more contracts to the Honourables and Distinguished which would end up not being executed but fully paid for as recently revealed. “President Buhari has set the pace with IMC and Forensic Audit and we must follow, he has done it on behalf of the helpless women, mothers and young people of the region, we cannot go back. “He has even chosen a tested performer, Senator Godswill Akpabio to lead the renewal of hope for our people. We cannot miss the response he will deliver, the legacy he will write on the sands of time, neither will the minister himself throw away the opportunity to right the wrongs done, from infrastructure to the well being of the ordinary people of the Niger Delta and by this the purpose of the commission and ministry would have been fulfilled by fast tracking the development of the region. “The sons and daughters of Niger Delta deserve excellent not just good Leadership, so we cannot be thankful enough to Mr. President for chosing Senator Akpabio and the IMC, indeed desperate times deserve desperate measures, even the extension of their mandate speaks to the right leadership”, NANS stated. The Union, however, supported any move by the government to unearth the cause of underdevelopment of the Niger Delta region. It said, ” the IMC, having started on a sound footing, must be allowed to discharge their mandate without parliamentary intimidation. The National Assembly must strengthen the Commission through legislative support and the forensic audit must unravel and expose those who have engaged in contract racketeering to keep the region in a state of perpetual underdevelopment and turning the region into a theater of abandoned projects”. The NANS also lauded President Buhari, for the speedy approval of medical intervention in the fight against Coronavirus to the region, through emergency purchase Act. Alleged N40 billion fraud: Akpabio under pressure, denies allegation in NDDC Akpabio: Senate asked to dissolve NDDC Interim Management Committee Niger Delta group backs NASS over probe into alleged N40bn fraud in NDDC