The Adara Development Association, ADA, in Kaduna State has cried out over killing and kidnapping of their indigenes by bandits. The association said no fewer than 107 persons have been killed, 49 injured, about 66 persons kidnapped, 111 houses burnt, 32 villages destroyed and about 20,000 displaced from January, this year to date in Adara community. A statement issued and made available to DAILY POST in Kaduna State on Friday by the ADA National President, Awemi Dio Maisamari, explained that, “It is indeed very sad but not surprising that the terrorist/jihadist war on Adara nation has continued ferociously in the year 2020. “From January to 22/5/2020, the killings, maiming, burning, looting and kidnappings have continued unabated from village to village. Within the period, there have been 63terrorist attack and kidnapping incidents, more than 107people killed, about 49persons injured, more than 66men/women/girls abducted for ransom, more than 111houses burnt, another whole 32villages destroyed and 20,000persons displaced (especially in the last two weeks).” He further explained that there have been continuous attacks by unknown gunmen from Monday to Thursday in some villages resulting in the killing of 20 persons. “There have been daily attacks and destruction from Monday to Thursday in the remote settlements of Magunguna, Idazo, Ungwan Galadima, Ungwan Guza, Etissi, Ungwan Maaji, Ungwan Dantata, Ungwan Araha 1 & 2, Ungwan Goshi, Ungwan Shaban, Ungwan Jibo, Ungwan Maijamaa, Ungwan Sako, Ungwan Maidoki and Ungwan Masaba. These are all satellite settlements of Kallah, Libere and Gefe towns. As at this afternoon, 20 persons have been killed, several others were injured or missing,” he lamented. He added, “We simply lack the words to properly describe the atmosphere of anarchy and despair that is fast taking root in our communities with women, children, the sick and the elderly fleeing with the little belongings they can salvage. Our brutalized, dehumanized, terrified and traumatized community members are reeling in pains, ever wondering why this contrived anarchy is still being condoned by the powers that be. “We have since realized that the usual silence of government when most of these atrocities are being committed actually means consent. Consequently, several occupiers of high public offices have in unison spewed out rationalizations and justifications why mayhem is and must be visited on our timid people. “There are abundant facts to show that Fulani terrorists have for long been on the offensive in Adara land just as they have been nationwide. We have a detailed (though incomplete) chronicle of Fulani terrorist activities in Adara land. “Our records show that from 2016 to date, more than 209 terrorist incidents and attacks have occurred. In these incidents, almost 722 lives were lost, 198 persons were injured, 231 persons were abducted or detained and millions of naira was paid as ransom. There were also more than 817houses (in addition about 38 whole villages) destroyed, unquantified properties were destroyed and 30,000 persons displaced to date.” The statement noted, “What appears as ethnic, religious and security challenges are actually, in the final analysis, caused by lack of political will to provide good governance.”