The police in Bauchi State, on Thursday, paraded 18-year-old woman, Salma Hassan, who stabbed her husband, one Mohammed Mustapha, in the chest leading to his death. The incident occurred in Itas-Gadau, headquarters of Itas-Gadau Local Government Area of Bauchi State. Parading the suspect on behalf of the State Commissioner of Police, Philip Maku, the Bauchi State Police Command’s Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Mohammed Ahmed Wakili, disclosed that the incident happened on April 24, 2020 and was reported by one Haruna Musa at the the Itas-Gadau Police Division.  The deceased, according to the police image maker, was rushed to the general hospital in the town, where the late Mustapha was confirmed dead. According to him, the suspect on her arrest confessed to the crime, adding that a knife was recovered as exhibit. “On the 24/04/2020 at about 0900hrs, one Haruna Musa ‘m’ of Itas-Gadau reported at Itas-Gadau Division, that one Salma Hassan ‘f’ 18yrs of the same address stabbed her husband one Mohammed Mustapha on the chest, as a result he sustained serious injury and was rushed to general hospital Itas–Gadau for treatment where he was certified dead.  “The suspect was arrested and confessed to the crime. Exhibit recovered from the suspect was one knife,” the PPRO, A Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP), stated. Asked why she stabbed her husband to death, the suspect told journalists that she was tired of the deceased’s sex exploits, adding that her parents never told her that her late husband would be having sex with her. According to her, as of the time of the incident, their marriage was only 11-day-old.  “Since we got married, he has been having sex with me regularly. I never expected this as my parents did not tell me that he would be having sex with me frequently as he was doing. “It was too much for me and I got tired of this. As I could no longer bear frenquent sex that he was having with me, I took a knife and stabbed him to prevent further sex,” the suspect said. In another development, the PPRO said that the police in the state made a harvest of arrests of criminals in the state who were involved in culpable homicide and armed robbery.  According to DSP Wakili, “On 04/05/2020 at about 1539hrs one Bashir Muktar ‘m’ 23yrs of Dutsen Tanshi and five others at large attached to Unity Security Hunters and Patrol Nigeria Limited, Bauchi, criminally conspired among themselves, arrested and took one Abubakar Lawal ‘m’ of Kofar Dumi area, Bauchi, to their office and beat him and became unconscious, as a result he sustained various degree of injuries on his body which subsequently led to his dead. Suspects confessed to crime. Exhibits recovered include: one stick, one rubber knife.” The State police image maker further said that police arrested a gang member of a robbery syndicate terrorizing Kano-Maiduguri highway in February and charged to court. The arrested gang member had been on the run before being nabbed by the police. “In furtherance to the arrest of armed robbery suspects terrorising Kano-Maiduguri highway, near bam village, Dambam, LGA of 18/02/2020, on the 27/04/2020 at about 0100hrs operatives attached to the Command Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) gave a hot chase on a other members of the robbery gang and arrested one Alhaji Ali Tadido ‘m’. “Upon investigation, the suspect confessed to have involved in armed robbery incident that happened on the 18th February, 2020 at Bam Village along Kano-Maiduguri Federal Highway, Dambam L.G.A, Bauchi State. “Recall that four (4) suspects were earlier apprehended and charged to court while the suspect, Alhaji Ali Tadido was then at large. Exhibits recovered from the suspect include: locally made gun; one dagger; bunch of charms; one Tecno handset; one harm chain stick and one Itel phone battery,” the PPRO revealed.  In another development, DSP Wakili stated that, “On the 18th/05/2020, Operatives attached to the command Special Anti-Robbery Squad while on routine patrol intercepted and arrested the following: Ahmed Shuaibu, aka Abizuga 22yrs ‘m’ of Dumin kauye aka Abizuga and Ahmed Abdullahi aka Baban Gwaji 20yrs ‘m’ of Bakaro Bauchi. The suspects were arrested in possession of cutlasses. “Following an investigation, the suspects confessed to be responsible for series of armed robbery incidences and snatching of motorcycles in Bauchi metropolis. He further mentioned one Umar Mohammed ‘m’ 23yrs of Isah Yuguda Guest House who also confessed to be the receiver of all stolen items. Exhibit recovered from the suspects are two cutlasses. “On a similar operation, on 18th May, 2020 at about 0500hrs, operatives from Area command Bauchi metro in collaboration with other security outfit arrested the following suspects in connection with a case of criminal conspiracy and armed robbery: Sirajo Yusuf aka. Baushe ‘m’ 20yrs of Karofi ward, Bauchi; Yakubu Husseini aka. Lava ‘m’ 20yrs of Gubi village, Bauchi; Usman Ahmad aka. Arrow ‘m’ 20yrs of Anguwan Bauchi; Abdulmajid Isa aka. Danmaster ‘m’ 18yrs of Zango, Bauchi; Ibrahim Mohammed aka. Ibro ‘m’ 18yrs of Gubi Gari, Magaji Qtrs. Bauchi and Usman Ibrahim ‘m’ of Yakubu wanka, Bauchi. “Exhibits recovered from them include: 15 set of wrappers; one machete; one sharp knife and cash sum of eighty two thousand three hundred and twenty naira (N82,320).  “On 20/04/2020 base on intelligence, one Musa ‘m’ of horo village, Toro L.G.A, Bauchi State was arrested in possession of some prohibited fire arms/ammunition by the joint operation of the Anti Kidnapping Unit and other vigilante group. The team recovered one fabricated revolver gun from the suspect. The suspect confessed and mentioned other members of the gang who were later arrested to include: one Mohammed Lawal Shuaibu ‘m’ 20 yrs; Zubairu Abu ‘m’ 35yrs, both of Lame district Toro L.G.A; Sani Musa ‘m’ 37 yrs and Muazu Mohammed ‘m’ 32 yrs. “Exhibits recovered from them are: one single revolver Gun; one pistol no 7050443 with two live ammunition; two fabricated single barrel and one Dane gun; two fabricated Dane guns; three fabricated single barrels and two Dane guns abounded.” Meanwhile, the PPRO stated that State Commissioner of Police Phillip Maku, had enjoined members of the public to be vigilant and report any suspected person or group of persons to the police without delay to enable the police take action proactively. He assured that all the suspects will be charged to court after investigation was concluded. Police arrest child bride for alleged attempt to kill husband Man beaten to death in Anambra for parking car wrongly 85-year-old woman jumps down three-storey building, dies These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More