Premier League Chief Executive, Richard Masters, has revealed that every club is against playing at neutral venues, the UK Mirror reports. Masters has admitted they will try to persuade the UK Government to change their position. Government officials could be open to clubs using their own stadium, but will have to be convinced on security and safety issues, with talks planned both on Tuesday and Thursday. The neutral venues issue has become the major sticking point in discussions between the 20 clubs about Project Restart and trying to resume the Premier League and play out the remaining 92 fixtures. The bottom six clubs have been especially worried about losing home advantage even with games behind closed doors, as they fight to avoid relegation. “Just to reiterate that, I think everybody would prefer to play home and away if at all possible. And I think it’s clear to see that some clubs feel more strongly about that than others. “Obviously from the authorities’ perspective, some authorities think that playing those matches at approved stadia, not the home venues, is the safest way forward. “I think some of our clubs would argue that in relation to policing their own fans that they have a good relationship with them, and that they encourage their own fans not to turn up outside their home venues while they’re playing behind closed doors,” Masters said. Coronavirus: Aguero reveals EPL players are "scared" to return COVID-19: EPL threatens clubs over restarting matches at neutral venues COVID-19: Man Utd players asked to return These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More