Members of the Senate Committee on Ethics, Privileges and Public Petitions, on Thursday, cleared Hon. Henry Ogbulogo, who was nominated as member of the Federal Character Commission (FCC) and Intergovernmental Affairs by President Muhammadu Buhari. The nominee was petitioned by the Abia State All Progressives Congress on grounds that it would be a “negation of the principle of fairplay, social justice and equity”, having come from the zone that produced FCC board membership in the past. The petition dated May 4, 2020, which was signed by the State party Chairman, Chief Donatus Nwankpa and 21 executive committee members, averred inter alia that the nominee comes from the same local government Area with the Minister representing Abia State in the Federal Executive Council. Part of the petition stated: “Hon. Henry Ogbulogo is from Abia North Senatorial district where the immediate past occupants of the said office, one Engr. Iboko Imo Iboko came from. “It is on record that the two past members of the Commission that represented the State has either come from Abia South or Abia North Senatorial district, thereby denying the Abia Central Senatorial district its right of so represented.” In his opening address, the Chairman, Senate Committee on Public Petitions, Ethics and Privileges, Senator Ayo Akinyelure urged the nominee to defend the petition against him and state reasons he shouldn’t be rejected. He said the petition was written by his own party executives, a situation he said it would be taken seriously. A member of the Committee, Senator James Manager explained that the grounds with which the nominee was petitioned was not injurious to the Constitution, asserting that as a Nigerian, Mr. President has the discretion to appoint him. Other members who took turns to speak reasoned that the petition should be ignored, while they asked the nominee to take a bow and go. Meanwhile, the Chairman Senate Committee on Federal Character Commission and Intergovernmental Affairs, Senator Danjuma La’ah on Thursday laid the report on other nominees who have already been screened. All the State including the Federal Capital Territory has a representative each. FCC Board: Crisis hit Abia APC as leaders disagree over Henry Ogbulogo' appointment FCCB: APC warns party leaders in Abia as controversy over ogbulogo's nomination deepens FCC Board:  APC rejects Abia appointee , Henry Ogbulogo