For a man who goes by the toga of ‘Man of God’ and heads a church known as Voice of His Word Ministries, Dr Bolaji O. Akinyemi is expected to uphold honesty as a cherished sceptre of truth and the justice he claims to be seeking for those whose views he claims to represent in his commentaries on public affairs. He needs not put on the stethoscope of a spin doctor or the vestment of a mercenary who is paid to twist facts and score a cheap point. A case in point is Akinyemi’s recent article on the Benue COVID-19 index case, Mrs Susan Idoko Okpe. In the 24-paragraph piece, you could see a man on an arduous mission labouring to skew a story to evoke in the minds of his readers, pity, sympathy and empathy for Mrs Okpe who recently passed a vote of no confidence on all Nigerians describing her countrymen and women in Facebook videos as not trustworthy. No insult to ones home country can be worse than that! Dr. Akinyemi raised number of issues in his write-up in a frantic and desperate move to repackage the Benue COVID-19 index case and sell her to the conscience of Nigerians and the international community. But as he admitted, most people who know the Susan Okpe story have realized that she has no case against the Federal and Benue State Governments. They know that she is only taking advantage of a few unsuspecting minds to raise parochial sentiments and acquire fame using her boring Facebook videos. This is why Akinyemi did not get any response from those he contacted to speak for Susan as he admitted in the piece. “I have personally reached out to leaders who could intervene, they all seems to be on the side of Government”. Why will they respond when they know that Susan’s case is pure blackmail of the government? Dr. Akinyemi ought to have reminded Mrs Okpe that he is also a Nigerian and is among the millions she insulted in those many videos. He ought to have also reminded auntie Susan that in the United Kingdom where she demanded that World Health Organisation, WHO should take her sample for test, COVID-19 is killing thousands. What Akinyemi and his ‘client’ Susan have not denied is that it was the doctor of Grace Cottage Hospital Makurdi where Susan was hospitalized who noticed unusual symptoms and decided that it was not advisable for her to leave the hospital. The doctor then invited the Benue State Ministry of Health to go take her samples for test. She voluntarily went to the private hospital. It therefore follows known logic that if her case was not serious as she now claims, why would a doctor she willingly went to consult “detain” her? (as she loves to call her isolation). Akinyemi wrote: “…on the 27th of March 2020, the doctor came to her room to tell her the results were out and that she tested positive to Covid-19.” Now, the question is; was it the Benue State Government which told Mrs Okpe that she was COVID-19 positive? Why turn to blame the Governor? Akinyemi admitted in the same write-up that her client Susan was in poor state of health when she was moved to Abuja for further treatment, and I quote: “She was later moved to Abuja as she started complaining of frequent stooling and swollen gums.” Why would someone who claimed to be in very sound health condition be ‘frequently stooling’ and have ‘swollen gums’ if this was not a clear case of COVID-19? The possibility that she later recovered from the disease very much exists and it is not a surprise. Over 1,000 people have recovered from the virus in Nigeria. I have a few posers for Dr. Akinyemi: 1. If you Akinyemi say that your ‘client’ is an honest woman, why did she not disclose her real age in the videos? What did she mean by “I am 50 plus”. That’s a sign that she is not a sincere person. 2. She claimed to have spent 10 days under the care of Benue State Government but also admitted that she was moved to the Benue State University Teaching Hospital on the evening of Saturday 28th March, 2020 from where she was moved to Abuja on 2nd of April, 2020. How does this period translate to 10 days uncle Bolaji and auntie Susan? You surely have a calendar which counts days in doubles and not the normal calendar the rest of the world uses. 3. Auntie also claims that she was not counseled before her identity was revealed to the press. How can someone who is aggressive to medical personnel be counseled? 4. Auntie repeatedly said in her Facebook videos that she doesn’t trust any Nigerian, yet, she wants the same Nigerians to speak for her? What a bizarre and mundane request. 5. I am shocked and disappointed Dr Akinyemi, that you are not bothered that your ‘client’ tongue-lashed the entire Idoma nation (her people) blaming them for abandoning her. You should have counseled auntie Susan not to tow that path. No individual who hopes to win a war of sentiments throws such a jab at the people she hopes to fight her battles. Poor decision, if you ask me. I put it to you Dr. Bolaji Akinyemi, that you have done more harm to Auntie Susan than what you set out to achieve with your piece. Hear yourself: “On the 10th of April 2020, another swoop was done and they told her it was positive yet no results was shown to her. Doctors come in everyday to administer some medications which she has refused till date.” This confirms the fact that the lady in question is a very hostile patient to medical personnel. She is the only COVID-19 positive individual who has shown such level of hostility to healthcare givers in the country and even across the globe. If I were Bolaji Akinyemi, I would have withdrawn my services from auntie Susan. * Akaa writes from North Bank, Makurdi. COVID-19: ‘I'm not architect of your problems, stop vilifying me’ - Gov. Ortom warns Benue index case, Susan Okpe COVID-19: 'I didn't tamper with Benue index case, Susan Okpe's test result' - Gov Ortom Coronavirus: Nigerian Govt clears air on ‘detaining Benue’s COVID-19 patient'