The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) on Saturday condemned the recent killing by bandits in some villages in Sokoto State. DAILY POST recalls that bandits attacked communities in Sabon Birnin Local Government. The NLC President, Mr. Ayuba Wabba, in a statement, expressed shock over the massacre of residents in affected areas on Wednesday. He described the killing of persons on a day the whole world celebrated the Children’s Day is not only sacrilegious but the height of barbarism. “We condemn vehemently this orgy of violence and misery. It is of great concern to us that the cry for help by attacked communities in Sokoto State failed to attract timely intervention by the government and our security forces. “This is very sad and disconcerting. To those children and adults mowed down by the bullets of the cowardly assailants, their government failed them. To the families licking the wounds of the death of their loved ones, the state failed them,” he said in a statement. Wabba lamented that the tributaries of blood and killing ongoing in the North East and North West Nigeria foretells foreboding consequences. “The spillover from the major theatres of violence in Sokoto, Zamfara, Katsina and Kaduna States is also affecting many other states in Nigeria especially states that are in the North Central. “We urge the Nigerian Government to continue to invest resources in intelligence gathering, and equipping the Nigerian military especially airpower to vulnerable communities constantly under attack,” the statement added. ACF laments attacks on communities in Sokoto Sokoto attack: Buhari orders fierce military operation against bandits Reps to summon IGP, security Chiefs, over Zamfara killings These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More