The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has reacted to a recent arrest made last week by overzealous officers. Some operatives in Benue had stormed a pastry firm in Makurdi and picked up Ms Mnena Ato, the Managing Director Star Shawarma and her staff over a deficit of N100 in a transaction. EFCC spokesman, Dele Oyewale, in a statement on Monday sent to DAILY POST, noted that the commission has commenced investigations into the circumstances of the incident. He assured that no stone would be left unturned in ensuring that all facts related to the arrest are unearthed. Oyewale said it is not in the character of the EFCC to act arbitrarily and that the commission is always guided by global best practices in its operations. “The Commission wishes to assure members of the public of its commitment to best professional practices and excellent conduct of all its men and officers. “As the Commission continues to pursue its mandate of ridding the nation of economic and financial crimes, appropriate sanctions would be placed on whoever is found to have acted out of character regarding the Benue arrest”, it read. Mimi Atedze, one of the Nigerians who spiritedly pursued the matter, had narrated what transpired. She wrote on her Facebook page: “The CEO of Star Shawarma was arrested and detained by EFCC officials in Makurdi. A female EFCC staff member ordered and paid for an item, she was supposed to pay N1500 but made an online transaction of N1600 instead. “Meanwhile Star Shawarma was expecting an alert for the payment of N1500 but the alert did not drop. They saw an alert but assumed it was for another person’s order because her bill was N1500 and not N1600. They kept calling to remind her of their money. “When they finally got the statement from the bank which showed that she was the person who made the payment of N1600, Star Sharwama called to inform her and apologize for everything but she was very angry and vowed to deal with them. “On Wednesday (May 6), Miss Ato was arrested with other staff of her restaurant and detained at EFCC office in Makurdi. The others were later released but she was kept in detention and released around 9.45pm. She was asked to report back on allegations of fraud.” Mimi Atedze attached footage of the incident and the EFCC charge sheet to her post.  