The Northern States Christian Elders Forum, NOSCEF, Kaduna State chapter, has expressed concern on the increasing insecurity in the State and other parts of the country, leading to the death of many innocent souls. The forum noted the killing in Kajuru, Birnin Gwari, Giwa Local Government areas and environs, stressing that armed banditry, armed robbery, kidnapping and other violent crimes were becoming very unacceptable. A joint statement signed by Hon. Garba Asondu, Pst. Joseph Shuwa and Evang Ephraim Kazzah, Chairman, Secretary and Public Relations Officer, respectively, said, “It is with great sadness and concern that we the Northern States Christian Elders Forum (NOSCEF) Kaduna State Chapter join hands with all men and women of good and reasonable conscience in this State and Country to call on the authorities concerned to arise and checkmate the increasing insecurity in our state and country where innocent and law abiding citizens are being killed ceaselessly. “The killings in Kajuru, Birnin Gwari, Giwa Local Governments and environs and the armed banditry, armed robbery, kidnapping and other violent or crimes are becoming very unacceptable in this 21st century.” The forum called on the State government to protect lives and property, saying any government that failed in this responsibility was opening itself up to the accusation of tacit connivance or promotion of violence for some ulterior motives. “As respected Christian Elders, we believe that the APC government in Kaduna State, Nigeria, will not allow itself to be linked with this negative allegations as posterity will not forgive it. “Violence in all history has always been an ill-wind that does not do good to any one no matter the temporary benefits that one might have seemed to gain. Moreover, every evil done to man by man must surely be paid by man, time or God. Nigeria and our dear State must not be allowed to descend into the state of anomie,” the forum said. The statement added, “While we appreciate the efforts of our state and the federal government in fighting this Coronavirus pandemic, greater efforts should be exercise in fighting terrorism, armed banditry, armed robbery, communal clashes and other violent and social crimes to make our country and state truly civil and God fearing. “We appeal to all our Armed forces to be patriotic, nationalist and very professional in the discharge of their responsibilities without fear or favour. We call on all Nigerians to be God-fearing by living peacefully with their neighbor’s in spite of our religious, tribal, political and social-cultural differences. Let there be unity in our diversity. Let us promote friendship across our diversity. “We appeal to our citizens, organizations, corporations, churches, mosques, government and government agencies, philanthropists to promptly and kindly move-in and assist all victims of these dastardly acts of in-humanity to man. We appreciate all good citizens in alerting their neighbours of impending attacks or helping them to escape.”