The 15 Chinese medical experts who arrived in the country on April 8 are reportedly in the care of the China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC). The Managing Director of the company, Mr. Michael Yigao made the disclosure on Monday in Abuja while responding to questions raised by journalists as to the whereabouts of the Chinese medical team. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, had earlier said the Chinese experts, who reportedly came to support Nigeria’s fight against COVID-19, were not his guests but those of CCECC. However, Yigao, while speaking with newsmen, confirmed that the experts came into the country to share their experiences in fighting the COVID-19. He further explained that the team came specially to help CCECC fight this pandemic and protect its employees, NAN reports. He said“The team had a telecast meeting with the Minister of Health and some doctors around the country and shared their experience in China on how they’re fighting the virus and the meeting was very positive. “ They are here with us and have continued to teach our staff how to protect themselves because protection and prevention are more important than the treatment. “Most of the workers understand the situation now and they know the risk, so they follow the proper procedures and cooperate with their instructors. “Right now, commercial flights to China are not open, but when flights are open again, we’re considering the team going back to China.” “In a big country like Nigeria, it can be a bit difficult to control a pandemic because you will have to make all the people of such a large country understand that it is a serious and real thing. “I think Nigeria is taking this very seriously and you can see it in the implementation of the lockdown and the suspension of international flights etc. “And like other companies in Nigeria, we will do whatever we can to help the country, like building treatment centres and training people on how to handle the virus. “ Upon request from the Nigerian government, we gave necessary support, like building treatment centres and at the same time delivered some health-related equipment. “We understand the COVID-19 pandemic challenge in Nigeria because we are based here and have a lot of employees and we do believe that with efforts from the government and the people, we will win this war. “I hope the people of Nigeria understand that we need the help of all peoples across the world to win this fight against Coronavirus,’’ he added. “CCECC is a Nigerian company based here for nearly 40 years, and most of the staff here are Nigerians, so we have a Nigerian voice. “You can see our works at the Airport Terminals, they are one of the finest in Africa, we at CCECC will not compromise standards for any price.” COVID-19: FG did not invite Chinese doctors to Nigeria - Minister of Health, Ehanire COVID-19: Fani-Kayode raises alarm over whereabouts, mission of 15 Chinese doctors COVID-19: Chinese Jacques Liaohas now firmly in charge of Buhari govt - Nnamdi Kanu