The Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) on Friday, expressed concern about the Buhari administation’s acceptance of the coronavirus cure developed in Madagascar. The herbal remedy, called COVID Organics, is expected in Nigeria anytime soon. NMA President, Dr Francis Faduyile, in a statement on Friday, warned that importation of the medication could decelerate Nigeria’s search of remedial interventions for the disease. The reaction followed the condemnation by the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria (PSN). PSN President, Sam Ohuabunwa, accused the government of not doing enough in terms of research funding. “Even if we are not going to pay, it is thoroughly disgraceful that a country that should be the leader of Africa will allow itself to be dragged this low”, Ohuabunwa noted. The Nigerian medics said: “We appreciate the concerns of our colleagues in the PSN and bemoan the situation where Nigeria appears to be lagging and not leading the black race’s response against the pandemic. “NMA insists that the herbal mixture undergoes due diligence based on scientific methods before authorizing its use in the polity while urging the government to leapfrog the revitalization of research and production activities of our pharmaceutical industries.” Faduyile further disclosed that the NMA was studying the overall impact of the newly approved World Health Organisation (WHO) home treatment policy for COVID-19 patients. The idea was consequent upon the acute shortage of bed spaces available at designated Isolation Centres in some African countries. Faduyile stated that the peculiarities in Nigeria should be taken into consideration, The NMA leader urged the federal government to adopt the new regulation, stressing that Nigeria had an average of six persons per household. However, the body has condemned the obstruction of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) by the Kogi and Cross River State Governments. NMA called on President Muhammadu Buhari to quickly intervene, noting that the States appear to be toying with the coronavirus pandemic. Presidential aide, Onochie gives reasons Buhari can't reject Madagascar's herbal solution for COVID-19 Madagascar COVID-19 Cure: Nigeria has no shame - Pharmacists blast Buhari govt Consider Nigeria's peculiarities in implementing COVID-19 protocols- Nigerian Doctors tell govt