The Chairman, Centrum Initiative For Development And Fundamental Right Advocacy, CEDRA, Dr John Danfulani, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately stop most activities of the palliative department of the Presidential Task Force, PTF, on COVID-19, saying they are wasting the scarce resources and widening the gap of distrust between government and the governed. He added that they are de-marketing the doctrine that democratic governments are sensitive and better managers of economies and nations. In a press statement issued in Kaduna on Friday and made available to DAILY POST, Dr Danfulani observed that the country is projected to be one of the success stories of the 20th century, stressing that poor decisions by rulers and leaders rocked the boats with the same leaders starting the 21st century journey on quicksand. He observed that incorporating national economic institutions, ministries, and bodies responsible for welfare related matters in COVID-19 management teams has a global pattern, stressing that in the U.S, Capitol appropriated over $2tr to support businesses and people that were thrown out of jobs because of the pandemic. He insisted that in the Western world, welfare institutions receive additional financial backings from their governments and donors. Dr Danfulani noted that in April of 2020, the Ministry of Disaster Management, MDM, bankrolled its first COVID-19 economic palliative scheme when MDM claimed that 2.6m vulnerable households got N20,000 in cash or transfers into their bank accounts. He noted that MDM piqued, and that they used a data base of the poorest Nigerians from the Social National Register they compiled and released on 30th March, 2020 and the SIP data that has been existing since 2016. He added that the MDM commenced another scheme of feeding Kids in their homes on Thursday, 14th May, 2020, adding that Hajiya Sadiya Farooq, the Minister of MDM announced that, the feeding regime would gulp N13bn monthly. ”A rough breakdown of the figure shows that they will spend N679m daily,” he said. The programme covers 31 states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory, FCT. He said the MDM’s palliatives have generated negative reactions from pressure groups, organized labour, social commentators, opposition juggernauts and their parties, and elected personas, pointing out that these clusters and individuals raised fundamental questions surrounding the philosophy behind MDM’s decisions and their executions. He explained, “The most damning criticism of the first palliative came from Sen. Ali Ndume (APC Borno), a member of the ruling party. He labelled the scheme a monumental fraud in its entirety. The senator inflicted uppercut punches on MDM’s fundamental declarations and statistics of the beneficiaries. Distinguished Ndume landed by beseeching President Muhammadu Buhari to immediately pull the brakes on MDM’s intervention projects. “More, the social media was saturated with protests and inquiries of evidences of payments and beneficiaries. They refused to be hoodwinked or bamboozled with photos ops of affluent suburban women collecting money in different locations from the minister or her teams. Many asked their followers to search and report a single poor that truly benefited from the scheme. Nobody got a feedback of a Nigerian that got cash or alert from his bankers. “Criticism that accompanied MDM’s decisions and actions are quintessential and worth pondering on. Poignant questions like :a) are the palliatives necessary vis a vis the challenge on our economic base?; b) are the timings right considering the fact that most of the country was/is on a lockdown?; c) how are their exercises rolling in tandem with NCDC guidelines of social distancing and anti-large gathering? ; and (d how credible and reliable are the data on the poor households in Nigeria? A walk through these posers will leave no soul with a spec of doubt that; the0 philosophy was wrongly conceived and catastrophically executed.” He explained that the 2019 Statistics from UNDP, World Bank and others showed that over 91 million Nigerians live in extreme poverty, pointing out that COVID-19 has undoubtedly expanded the percentage dramatically. With this, he asked to know what difference the controversial N20,000 to 2.6m poor households made. ”What is the fate of over 100 million wretched Nigerians that the palliatives didn’t cover? Was the money a support to their businesses or a gesture to restock food banks of the so-called beneficiaries?” He noted that concerns are being raised on the home feeding scheme they started on 14th May 2020, while many states are in total lockdown with schools shutdown, asking how the food will reach the kids scattered in cities and remotest areas in Nigeria. He requested to know how it will supervise the sanitary and nutritional aspect of the meals being served, and how this will be executed without violating basic NCDC principles of social distancing. COVID-19 lockdown: CAN, JNI react to Buhari’s broadcast, palliative measures COVID-19: We have Nigerians' details, palliatives will reach 11 million citizens - FG COVID-19: Residents allegedly defying government order on ban of public gatherings in Jigawa