An academic doctor working with the University of Calabar, was on Sunday afternoon reportedly stabbed to death in Calabar, Cross River State capital. A source hinted that he was stabbed severally at the doctors’ quarters in the University. He said the victim was rushed to an undisclosed hospital where he died some hours later. “The victim was stabbed this afternoon at the doctors’ quarters by a gang of eight. “He was hurriedly rushed to a hospital but he could not make it. It is very sad and unfortunate. The incident caused a scar in the environment as people ran for safety,” he stated. Similarly, another alleged cultist was murdered at about 6pm on Sunday along Ehpraim Street by Maple Street. Confirming the killings in an interview with DAILY POST via phone on Sunday night, the Special Adviser to Governor Ben Ayade on Anti Cultism, Apostle Steve Umoh lamented the spate of killings in Calabar and said the government was on top of the situation. “The incidents are very sad and unfortunate. My brother, my opinion is very simple; the government is on top of the matter, the appropriate agencies that safeguard the lives and property of the people of the State are on top of the matter. “As I am talking to you now, it is a pity that there is a little that government can do, because when you are policing people at region A and those at region B are striking, causing havoc “The governor or the government of the day is not the one that forces people to join cults; some of them were members for over 20 or 30 years. Like the Doctor, till he joined the fraternity the governor was not there, but Prof Ayade is doing everything possible to solve the problem,” he stated. According to him, the perpetrators of this heinous act are not faceless. “We know them, let our people tell them about the danger of belonging to these groups. My personal plan is to start a sensitization program where we will re-introduce religious fellowship in Schools, be it Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Institutions. “We are going to affiliate Schools with existing churches, a particular church will cater for three schools and they will go in during break hours and teach the students. I will also ensure that cultism and the danger following it are part of the curriculum in schools so that people will begin to learn. “The only thing we want to do is to block those who are not members yet. “The recent clash is between Klanx and Black Axe. We are not relaxing, we have alerted the Police, DSS, Civil Defence, Army and other security agencies and they are on top of the matter. Most of these things happened when this government was not in existence; some members have been there for thirty years and very soon everything will be normal,” he further stated. Renewed cult clash reportedly claims 5 persons in Cross River Doctors stage peaceful protest over kidnap of member’s wife Renewed cult clash allegedly claim six lives in Cross River