The Edo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has vowed to see to the arrest and quarantine of all the four aspirants of a faction of the party, who participated in a mock primary election in the state. The aspirants are accused of violating the government’s social distancing order to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus in the state. Addressing journalists in Benin City, the state party publicity secretary, Joseph Osagiede, said the ruling party had contacted the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) to search for the participants and isolate them accordingly for “defying government’s regulations on public gathering of more than 20 persons in the state during the botched mock primaries of the Edo Peoples Movement (EPM).” Osagiede said “The information did not reach us on time that there was such a gathering. By the time the information got to us, they had started fighting within themselves and that was what led to their dispersing. “We have since informed the NCDC, whose responsibility it is to arrest, quarantine and isolate them to determine if they are safe to be in the society.” Describing the quartet’s statement in a national daily that Governor Godwin Obaseki had merely scratched the surface and played to the gallery in his effort at fighting the COVID-19 scourge as mischievous, the spokesman stated: “Edo State is the flagship in the fight against the pandemic. “Unfortunately, EPM members are too blind to see how Governor Obaseki’s is managing the pandemic, his well-articulated and structured lockdown and curfew management that has become a national model.” he added. Oshiomhole 'hell-bent' on causing violence, call him to order - APC tells Buhari Edo APC leaders dismiss Governor Obaseki as serial liar, vow to remove him from office Governor Obaseki has emptied Edo State treasury -  PDP alleges These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More