The organised labour in Ekiti State has called on Governor Kayode Fayemi to effect payment of new hazard allowance to health workers to motivate them to work during any emergency situation like the COVID 19 outbreak. The labour unions comprising the Nigerian Labour Congress(NLC), Trade Union Congress(TUC) and the Public Service Joint Negotiating Council(JNC), said the implementation of the new allowance became expedient and justifiable taking cognisance of the threat posed by COVID -19 to health personnel globally. The trade unions spoke in a statement in Ado Ekiti on Thursday jointly signed by the Secretaries of the labour unions, Comrades Eunice Akinyemi, TUC, Lawrence Kuloogun and JNC, Gbenga Olowoyo, respectively. They said: “The organized Labour wishes to bring to the attention of His Excellency the outstanding financial benefits for workers who have received their promotion letters from 2015, 2016, 2017,2018 and 2019 are yet to be effected, this has rendered the promotions ineffective and unaddressed. “The conviction of the organized Labour is that our amiable Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi should consider the workers’ predicament on this outstanding promotion and approve for implementation to serve as a palliative to the entire deserving workers. “It is not also unknown to His Excellency the request for special hazard allowance for health workers which is yet to be paid most especially as a result of this devastating COVID 19 phenomenal”. The labour unions begged Fayemi to inject more funds to the car and Housing Loans for workers so that a higher number of applicants can benefit. The organized labour urged the governor to expedite action on the completion and implementation of the N30,000 minimum wage across board which would have taken effect, but for COVID 19 outbreak. “The outstanding 3 months salaries for workers and two months of deductions for state workers and six months outstanding salaries and two months deductions for Local Government workers cannot be underestimated and should be at the front burner”. The labour commended the state government for being part of the 24 states that will benefit from the N43 billion fund released for performance-based grants under the transparency, accountability and sustainability (SFTAS) programme for results. “The State Government is commended for achieving this feat by meeting up with the criteria set out by the World Bank which include; openness and citizen engagement in the budget process; improved cash management and reduced revenue leakages through the implementation of state Treasury Single Account (TSA); strengthened Internally Generated Revenue (IGR); Biometric Registration Number (BVN) used to reduce payroll fraud.