Paul Ibe, a senior aide to former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, has reacted with shock, the reported endorsement of Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu by the National Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Adams Oshiomhole. Ibe, the Senior Special Adviser to the 2019 Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate, in a tweet on Wednesday, wondered whether it wasn’t the same Ize-Iyamu Oshiomhole described as “thief” in a viral video just a few years back. In the video that has now gone viral on social media, Oshiomhole, while campaigning for Governor Godwin Obaseki, prior to the governorship election almost four years ago, said of Ize-Iyamu: “He has a very interesting lifestyle. Now because of crisis of identity, he went to carry a bible and said he’s a pastor and born again. “He’s first job he was PA to who? Lucky Igbinedion. Second job, he was Chief of Staff to who? Lucky Igbinedion. Third job he was Secretary to the Government under who? Lucky Igbinedion and after Igbinedion he retired and started building his private homes. “Now he rose, when he cannot dispute that the PDP government with Ize-Iyamu as Chief of Staff cannot build roads; cannot build schools; cannot do anything, he now says he cannot be blamed. “Read today’s newspapers, Ize-Iyamu says he cannot be blamed for the failure of Igbinedion government. So he agreed that the government failed but said he should not be blamed. “Alright, if we will not blame him for the failure of the government of which he was the Chief of Staff and Secretary to the government, should that be a reason to promote him to the office of the Governor? He went on to say he has never been indicted in his life….” Following the unending fight between the APC National Chairman and his god-son, Obaseki, it is no longer news that Ize-Iyamu, who dumped the PDP for APC some months back, has emerged Oshiomhole’s favourite for the party’s governorship ticket. Just yesterday Ize-Iyamu emerged as the APC consensus candidate for the state governorship election. Posting the video on Twitter, following the development, Paul Ibe added, “Is this the Ize-Iyamu that Oshiomhole shelved his immunity to call out as a liability and a thief, with identity crisis and corrupt, not fit for public office different from the Ize-Iyamu that he has endorsed as APC guber candidate for #Edo2020?” Video:   Moment #Oshiomhole called Pastor Ize-Iyamu a thief. Someone asked, “Is this the Ize-Iyamu that Oshiomhole shelved his immunity to call out as a liability and a thief, with identity crisis and corrupt, not fit for public office different from the Ize-Iyamu that he has endorsed as APC guber candidate for #Edo2020 ? A post shared by  nwachukwu john owen (@realjohn_owen) on May 27, 2020 at 11:00am PDT  Edo Guber: Pastor Ize-Iyamu clears air on ‘receiving endorsement from Buhari, Tinubu, Oshiomhole Oshiomhole not our leader - APC Oshiomhole vs Obaseki: Pastor Ize-Iyamu reveals when APC crisis will end