The Big Brother Naija (BBNaija) Pepper Dem Reunion show is set to hit TV screens. On October 6, Mercy Eke won the 2019 edition of BBNaija. It was the first time a female emerged as the winner. Just over a week earlier, Tacha was disqualified after a skirmish with Mercy. On June 1, all the ex-participants will be interviewed on their experiences while in the House. Just like their predecessors, they will have the opportunity to speak on life outside and also talk about their relationship with each other. There have been quarrels, cases of backbiting, near-fights and verbal wars among the set, most of the controversies were reported in the media while others trended on social media. DAILY POST recalls that last week, the date, criteria and details for the 2020 Season 5 edition was announced. Ahead of Monday, fans counting down to another reunion moment can look forward to 5 things that could feature in the show BBNaija Season 4 in 2019 ended with cases of disloyalty and unresolved misunderstandings. Thus, it is expected that the ex-housemates will be back with drama. The reunion will trigger a fresh face-off between #TeamLambo and #TeamTitans – supporters of Mercy and Tacha respectively. They often go against themselves on and off the internet. Definitely, there will be emotional outbursts and accusations over incidents that have occurred since their exit. Nigerians will find out whether they will reconcile or not. Fans will hear from the ex-housemates how far they have come since leaving the Big Brother Naija House – achievements, career, projects, etc. The reunion show will be hosted, again, by Ebuka Obi-Uchendu. The 2006 Big Brother Africa housemate has been BBNaija compere since the inception. bBNaija Season 4 featured 26 Nigerians; Mercy, Mike, Frodd, Omashola, Seyi, Diane, Ike, Elozonam, Cindy, Tacha, Khafi, Venita, Sir Dee, Esther, Gedoni, Jackye, Joe, Enkay, Jeff, Nelson, Thelma, Tuoyo, Kim Oprah, Ella, Avala and Isilomo. BBNaija announces return of Tacha, Mercy, Ex-housemates, reveals date for reunion BBNaija's winner, Mercy regrets fame, cries out for her old life BBNaija: Mercy, Ike under attack over raunchy picture