Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu, a former Secretary to Edo State Government (SSG) has reportedly emerged as the All Progressives Congress (APC) consensus candidate for the state governorship election. Ize-Iyamu emerged the APC candidate through a consensus arrangement on Tuesday night in Abuja and was presented by the chairman of the screening committee, Senator Francis Alimikhena, the representative of Edo North Senatorial District. 2. Governor Godwin Obaseki has boasted that he will emerge governor of Edo State, ahead of the governorship election in the State. Obaseki, who expressed confidence that he will return as the governor of the State, averred that no one can stop him because only God gives power. 3. Kogi State in Nigeria’s North-Central has recorded two cases of the novel coronavirus, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) said Wednesday night. It was the first time that positive results were confirmed for Kogi since the outbreak in Nigeria – exactly three months ago. 4. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has reduced interest rates on its facilities through participating Other Financial Institutions (OFIs) from 9 to 5 percent per for one year, effective March 1, 2020. This was contained in a circular to banks on Wednesday by the Director of Financial Policy and Regulation Department, Kevin Amugo. 5. Africa’s richest man, Aliko Dangote, has refuted claims assertions that his company’s trucks were being used to transport Almajiris from the Northern part of Nigeria to the South. Dangote, in a letter dated May 27 and addressed to the President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, John Nwodo, insisted that its trucks are permitted to transport only cement, limestone, high grade gypsum, sugar, salt, seasoning and branded sacks/bags. 6. Nigeria’s Minister of State for Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, has denied that schools will reopen on June 8. Nwajiuba, who spoke at the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Wednesday, asked parents and guardians to disregard the rumours making the rounds. 7. Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, has finally abolished Almajiri system for life in the state. Ganduje, who was briefing the media on the state of the COVID-19 in Kano on Wednesday, insisted that the system of Almajiri system has been totally abolished in the state. 8. Adamawa State recorded three COVID-19 death and 11 new cases of the virus on Wednesday. Commissioner for Health, Prof Abdullahi Isa, who disclosed this during a briefing with journalists in Yola, the state capital, also confirmed that 20 patients have been discharged so far, after they tested negative for the infectious virus. 9. Fire on Wednesday gutted a COVID-19 hospital in Bangladesh, killing five. The fire broke out in a makeshift isolation unit made for (COVID-19) patients in United Hospital Dhaka, Bangladesh. 10. Nigeria on Wednesday recorded 389 COVID-19 cases in the country. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) in a tweet on its official Twitter page, said Lagos State for the first time recorded its highest cases in a day, 256. Edo Guber: APC endorses Osagie Ize-Iyamu as consensus candidate, shuns Obaseki Edo Guber: Pastor Ize-Iyamu clears air on ‘receiving endorsement from Buhari, Tinubu, Oshiomhole Oshiomhole vs Obaseki: Pastor Ize-Iyamu reveals when APC crisis will end