The Defence Headquarters says troops of Operation LAFIYA DOLE have neutralized several Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists in Borno State. The Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, who made this known in a statement on Saturday, also said that troops of Special Response Area Pulka with the Civilian Joint Task Force and hunters ambushed the terrorists on May 13 along Pulka-Boko- Kirawa road. Enenche said eight Boko Haram/ISWAP fighters were killed while 10 motorcycles and assorted food items were captured. “Troops of Operation LAFIYA DOLE have neutralized several Boko Haram/ISWAP terrorists in Borno State. “In continuation of Operation LAFIYA DOLE subsidiary Operation KANTANA JIMLAN, troops of Army Super Camp 6 and 7 conducted a long-range fighting patrol on May 11, 2020, and cleared Adzunge and adjoining villages. “Also, troops of Special Response Area Pulka with the Civilian Joint Task Force and hunters ambushed the terrorists on May 13, 2020, along Pulka-Boko- Kirawa road. Eight (8) BHT/ISWAP fighters were killed while 10 Motorcycles and assorted food items were captured. “On May 15, 2020, troops of 192 Bn ambushed BHT/ISWAP fighters relocating from Sambisa forest to Mandara mountains due to heavy air and artillery bombardments. Five (5) of them were killed, 3 AK 47 rifles and 17 rounds of 7.62mm special ammunition, one pair of BHT/ISWAP uniform, two cartridges and other clothing materials were recovered. “Same day, troops of 22 Brigade deployed at Dikwa in conjunction with soldiers from Quick Response Area neutralized 2 terrorists who attempted to attack the troops’ location from Boboshe. Others fled with gunshot wounds. One AK 47 rifle and one magazine with 15 rounds of 7.62mm special ammunition were recovered. “Between 19 and 20 May 2020, following the Gajigana attack, troops of 7 Division Garrison, 195 and 212 Battalions with Vigilantes exploited and discovered five terrorists killed in action. Five AK 47 rifles, 2 BHT gun trucks, one anti-aircraft gun, six assorted magazines, 250 rounds of 12.7 mm, 61 rounds of 7.62 mm and two hand grenades were recovered. “In another operation, troops of the Special Response Area Pulka with the Civilian Joint Task Force and hunters ambushed the terrorists on May 20, 2020, along Pulka-Dirgi-Banki general area. In encounter 2, BHT/ISWAP fighters were killed while others escaped with One AK 47 loaded with 30 rounds of 7.62mm special ammunition was recovered. “Furthermore, on May 21, 2020, troops of 81 Division Task Force under 22 Brigades and 153 Task Force Bn with the Civilian Joint Task Force cleared Mugdala village. During the operation, 8 BHT/ISWAP terrorists were killed. One AK 47 rifle, one dane gun, 3 BHT flags, two bicycles, 2 Techno cell phones, two memory cards and other phone accessories were recovered. “The Chief of the Army Staff commends the gallant troops for their professionalism as the High Command of the Armed Forces of Nigeria congratulates and also encourages troops of Operation LAFIYA DOLE to maintain the momentum of their operations, towards eradicating the terrorists from the North East,” the statement read These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More