Former Super Eagles left-back, Taiye Taiwo, has claimed that alleged dirty deals by the late head coach of Nigeria’s senior men national team, Stephen Keshi, forced him to exit the squad. The 35-year-old made his Super Eagles debut in 2004 and went on to play at three Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) competitions and the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. The former AC Milan and QPR defender scored five goals for Nigeria during his eight-year international career. Taiwo’s last international outing for Nigeria was in February 2012 against Rwanda, and the Rovaniemen Palloseura star has now accused late Keshi of his early exit from the Super Eagles. “I am someone who doesn’t want dirty glory, and in my life, I have never been involved in what is not clean, and that was why I packed my bags and left the Super Eagles,” Taiwo was quoted by Goal as saying. “I can’t work or stay where I see that is dirty because I am serving a clean God, and if I am in an area that is not clean, I will have to leave the place. “When they appointed Stephen Keshi as a coach, he was acting somehow in which I told myself that it was time for me to leave the Super Eagles. “I packed my bags, and I told my wife and family that I can’t be involved in dirty deals.” Taiwo’s declaration comes in the wake of the latest controversy in the Super Eagles after former Schalke 04 forward, Chinedu Obasi, disclosed that he was dropped from Keshi’s team for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil because he refused to pay a bribe. Meanwhile, former Keshi’s assistant, Daniel Amokachi, has since reacted to Obasi’s claim. Amokachi said: “Why come forward with such now when the man in charge is no longer alive to answer it?” “Even look at it, this happened in 2014 and 6 years after, you are coming forward with such claims. “Why wait until now? It does not make sense to bring such an issue when the head is no longer alive to respond to you?” Ighalo names two Super Eagles players as reason he won't play for Nigeria again Ighalo finally opens up on why he retired from Super Eagles Troost-Ekong reveals favourite Super Eagles defensive partner