President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has commended the Yobe State government for ordering an investigation into the ‘mystery deaths’ recently reported in some parts of the State. Lawan, through his Special Adviser (Media), Ola Awoniyi, had expressed concern at the reports that many people have died of yet unknown causes, particularly in Gashua, Nguru and Potiskum communities. Awoniyi said Lawan welcomed the announcement by the State government that it would launch an investigation into the cause of the deaths. Lawan urged the affected communities to cooperate with the authorities in their efforts to unravel the mystery behind the mass deaths. The SA Media to the Senate President quoted him as saying, “The planned intervention by the State government is to determine whether the deaths were of natural cause or causes and to enable the authorities come up with the appropriate response to prevent any such future occurrences that are preventable. “The Intervention of the State government is most relevant now but for it to have a positive impact, the affected communities must give their unalloyed cooperation to the investigating authorities.” The Senate President, according Awoniyi, condoled with the families of those who had lost their loved ones and prayed for the repose of the departed. Awoniyi noted that the President of the Senate also appealed for calm and cautioned the people of the State not to panic over the incidents but to wait patiently for the State authorities to conclude their investigation and come up with an appropriate response. Senate President, Lawan commiserates with Yobe fire victims Ignatius Longjan will be missed - Senate President, Lawan reacts to death of Plateau Senator Senator Rose Oko’s death, a great loss to women in politics - Lawan mourns These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More