The Nigerian Army troops of the Air Component of Operation HADARIN DAJI have bombarded a bandits’ logistics warehouse approximately five-kilometre North of Birnin Kogo, in Zamfara State. Major General John Enenche, the Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, stated this in a statement on Sunday. Enenche explained that the airstrikes were executed on Sunday after Human Intelligence (HUMINT) reports. According to him, four-armed bandits guarding the facility were also executed as a result of the attack. The statement read in part: “The Air Component of Operation HADARIN DAJI has destroyed a bandits’ logistics warehouse approximately five Kilometer North of Birnin Kogo in Zamfara State. “The airstrikes were executed on May 30, a sequel to Human Intelligence, HUMINT, reports, which were later confirmed by a series of aerial surveillance missions, showing that the large structure was being used by bandits to store their ammunition, raw rations and other logistics items. “Four armed bandits guarding the facility were also killed as a result of the attack.” Troops kill 135 bandits, destroy hideouts in Katsina, Zamfara Boko Haram/ISWAP: Nigerian troops kill 500 terrorists, bandits Boko Haram/ISWAP: Terrorists killed, weapons discovered as Nigerian military pound sect These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More