The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) has sent a condolence message to the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) over the death of Waheed Bakare, Saturday Editor of the New Telegraph. Bakare died on Monday, 25th May, 2020. He has since been buried according to Muslim rites. MURIC’s condolence message which was issued on Wednesday 27th May, 2020, was signed by its Public Relations Officer, Shefiu Ayorinde. “We are saddened by the sudden death of Waheed Bakare. He was an amiable fellow, humble, honest and God-fearing. He was very passionate about his job and committed to the course of humanity. We are enveloped with grief. “Our sympathy goes to the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ). Waheed Bakare is another sunset at noon. We feel your pain. However, we appeal to the NUJ to ensure that families of their fallen colleagues, including Waheed Bakare, are not abandoned to their fate. “We pray that Almighty Allah overlooks the deceased’s trespasses and admits him into Al-Jannah firdaus in the Hereafter. May Allah also give the family left behind the fortitude to bear the loss,” it said. President Muhammadu Buhari and Bola Tinubu, the national leader of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, have since reacted to the veteran journalist’s death.  NSCIA, Muslim Media practitioners mourn as New Telegraph Editor, Bakare dies Buhari commiserates with NUJ over death of Waheed Bakare, NT editor Tinubu reacts to Bakare's death These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More