The Kwara State Police Commissioner, Mr. Kayode Egbetokun, on Monday, strongly warned transport union members against smuggling passengers into the state under the interstate travels ban by the government. Egbetokun, who is also the chairman of the Presidential Taskforce on Free Movement of Agricultural Produce and Inputs in Kwara State, dropped the warning while inaugurating the Joint Technical Task Team (JTTT) on Emergency Response to Covid-19 on challenges of movement of food and agricultural inputs in the country at the state police command headquarters, in Ilorin. Represented by Deputy Commissioner of Police, Abimbola Sokoya, the CP said that any vehicle caught conveying passengers with other essential goods would be impounded and the driver arrested and prosecuted accordingly. He warned transporters to desist from violating the Federal government’s order on restrictions of interstate movement by using vehicles to convey passengers. “It is only essential commodities especially food items and agricultural inputs that were exempted from the restriction imposed on free movement across the country by the federal government. “This exception was to ensure availability of food items in all the nooks and crannies of the country, particularly in this pandemic period,” the police boss added. Egbetokun promised that the team would do everything possible to ensure that its terms of reference as provided by the federal government were met. He charged members to constantly communicate with each other and work together to ensure the success of the assignment. In his address, the state Coordinator, Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development and secretary of the committee, Mr. Dare Adebowale Oladipo, urged members of the task team to put in their wealth of experience in carrying out the crucial national assignment to protect lives and ensure food security for all Nigerians and foreigners. He said terms and references of the team included among others, working with relevant agencies in the states and local governments to develop a window that will facilitate free and unhindered movement of food, livestock and agricultural inputs throughout the country without compromising the security and health of the country. COVID-19: 200 almajiri youths arrested in Kwara COVID-19: Kwara goes tough on violators of lockdown order COVID-19: Lagos govt announces transportation guidelines as state eases lockdown