The Federal Capital Territory has refuted claims that there has been a shortage of Personal Protection Equipment, PPEs, in FCTA health facilities. The FCTA in a statement by the Health and Human Services Secretary, Dr Mohammed Kawu, which was released via its Twitter account on Friday, said that adequate PPEs have been made available to all its health facilities both at the primary and secondary levels. The Statement reads ”The Health and Human services Secretariat has noted with concern a report in the media alleging a shortage in Personal Protection Equipment, PPEs, in FCTA health facilities. ”This is however not true as the Federal Capital Territory Administration, FCTA, has provided adequate PPEs which in turn have been made available to all its health facilities both at the primary and secondary levels. ”The Secretariat has also put in measures in place to ensure that the PPEs provided are being utilized by the health workers as its priority is the safety and security of all its health workers. ”All health workers are therefore assured that the FCTA will continue to look out for their safety and ensure their security, both of which are key issues in winning the fight against COVID-19. ”To this effect, the FCTA has procured a large quantity of PPEs while order has been given for a large supply coupled with the reception of an appreciative quantity of donations from well meaning individuals and organisations. ”While PPEs and other health consumables have been disbursed directly to FCTA General Hospitals,a large quantity of the PPEs were handed over to the FCT Primary Healthcare Board for supply to the area councils and onward distribution to primary healthcare facilities especially the high volume facilities. ”Acknowledgement receipts have also been received from the Area Councils indicating that the PPEs got to the health workers. ”So far, a total of 6132 persons have been tested in the FCT,” he said. Coronavirus: Nurses, Midwives in Plateau State threaten strike, warns govt Abba Kyari: FCT takes action as NCDC official dumps used PPE at cemetery [VIDEO] COVID-19: Abuja opens new treatment, isolation centre