Bauchi State Governor, Bala Mohammed on Sunday, sworn in four newly-appointed Caretaker Committee Chairmen in the state. The Caretaker Chairmen were, Aliyu Waziri, Darazo, Garba Musa, Kirfi, Salisu Abdu, Ningi and Daniel Mazadu, Tafawa Balewa. Speaking during the ceremony held at the Banquet Hall, Government House Bauchi, Governor Mohammed tasked them to work in synergy with all the critical stakeholders in their respective Local Government Areas.  He warned the newly-sworn in chairmen against abuse of office as anyone found wanting, would be dealt with accordingly. “Today, being the 17th of May, 2020 marks the day you are being sworn in as Caretaker Committee Chairmen of four local government areas, we must appreciate the Bauchi State House of Assembly for always showing a lot of synergy and cooperation in making sure solutions are given to every problem. “I didn’t want to come out for the ceremony because I promised Nigerians that I would hold local government election, but we must do it to fill in the existing vacancies ”  The governor regretted that, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has affected the preparations made by the state government for the conduct of the local government election. “If you can recall, we have scheduled to hold our election, but COVID-19 pandemic has affected our plans, but I want to reiterate that we will conduct the election in order to deepen democracy. “We know that caretaker system is unconstitutional, we want to open new frontiers to provide citizens of Bauchi with a lot of opportunities.”  On the outbreak of coronavirus disease in the state, the governor insisted that community engagement is key towards tackling the spread of the virus at the local levels. He directed them to work with the local government committees set up to find lasting solutions to some of the issues identified and to liaise with the State Task Force so as to achieve the desired objectives. Abia LGA: Gov Ikpeazu swears in 17 new caretaker chairmen Oyo: Sacked LG Chairmen dare Seyi Makinde, warn caretakers, banks against engaging in financial transactions Oyo: Makinde's Caretaker Chairmen resume office amid controversial injunction [PHOTOS]