Senior Pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa has accused the Ondo State Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu of running “a mafia government.” Giwa made the remark while calling on Akeredolu to “apologize to the people of the State or resign immediately” following the alleged misappropriation of N4.3billion by his administration. In a statement he personally signed and made available to DAILY POST, on Sunday, Giwa accused Akeredolu’s administration of not being transparent with the people of Ondo State. He claimed the sum of N4.3b was said to have been discovered in a secret account and spent within a short time by the administration of Akeredolu without the approval of the Ondo State House of Assembly. The state lawmakers are now threatening a showdown with the governors on the money allegedly spent without being appropriated. The House equally called on the Executive to produce necessary documents showing the transaction and the accrued interest on the money till date. Reacting, Pastor Giwa said,” This is the result when a governor is running a ‘mafia government.’ “Ondo has become a mafia State under governor Akeredolu, wife and children. “I am not surprised to read different stories surrounding the N4.3 billion. Akeredolu has come to Ondo to get his own share of our collective resources. “The most obvious reason why this is playing itself out is that the governor got to power on a platter of gold. “I think governor Akeredolu would have made history if he resigns voluntarily to avoid being ridiculed and scorned.” Speaking on the second term ambition of Mr. Akeredolu, Giwa said the governor had not impressed the majority people of the State. According to the cleric, the present government has failed to maintain transparency and accountability. “I was the first person to call on the governor to caution his wife but they abused me instead. “I also raised the issue that they have failed to maintain transparency and accountability, they also crossed me out. “Now, it is glaring that governor Akeredolu has failed in all ramifications. “Anybody that tells governor Akeredolu to go for a second term does not wish him well. If you have done well, sit down and relax because your work will speak for you. “On the contrary, Akeredolu has failed to implement policies that the people of the state can vouch for after his exit,” he stated. COVID-19: Akeredolu not doing enough to protect Ondo people - Pastor Adewale Giwa Coronavirus: Stop selling protective kits to Ondo people - Pastor Giwa warns Gov. Akeredolu COVID-19: Pastor Adewale Giwa begs Gov. Akeredolu to open churches