The All Progressives Congress (APC), Abia State Chapter, has revealed that the petition against the Federal Character Commission nominee representing Abia State, Henry Ogbulogo has been withdrawn. Speaking with DAILY POST in Abuja on Friday, the State Chairman, Chief Donatus Nwankpa said the withdrawal of the petition against the nominee was in the interest of the party as a family. Explaining the reasons none of the twenty-two State Executive members of Abia All Progressives Congress were unavailable to defend the petition before the Nigerian Senate, he revealed that the petition was withdrawn, hence, there was no need to take the battle to the senate anymore. According to him, the nominee had already been informed of the development, adding that as a party member, he reasoned with the position of the state APC. “Abia State APC withdrew its opposing interest in the nomination of Hon. Henry Ogbulogo as member of the Federal Character Commission. “There was a sort of truce and the nominee is one of our own. We have to sit and dialogue on issues that we are not comfortable with and that is exactly what we did and I can tell you, we have put the matter behind us. DAILY POST, on Thursday reported that the Abia nominee appeared before the Senator Ayo Akinyelure-led committee on Public Petitions and Ethics to defend the petition against him. In the report, Abia APC petitioned the Senate on the grounds of lopsidedness if Hon. Henry Ogbulogo was confirmed as a member of FCC, having come from the zone that has produced FCC membership in the past. Meanwhile, a list of 37 cleared nominees was laid on the floor of the Senate on Thursday by the Senate Committee on Federal Character and Inter-governmental Affairs, Senator Danjuma La’ah. Senate Committee clears Abia FCC nominee, Henry Ogbulogo, discards APC petition FCC Board: Crisis hit Abia APC as leaders disagree over Henry Ogbulogo' appointment FCCB: APC warns party leaders in Abia as controversy over ogbulogo's nomination deepens