Men of the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS) in Ogun State have been accused of killing a 15-year-old boy, Riliwan Bello, in Owode, Yewa South Local Government of the state. DAILY POST learnt that Bello, a student of Area Community High School was allegedly killed by a stray bullet fired by men of the NCS, Ogun 1 Area Command. This is coming barely one month after the NCS reportedly killed a 15-year-old Sekinat Agbelade in Agosasa, Ipokia Local Government Area of Ogun State. It was reliably gathered that the Customs officers, on March 29, while on the chase of some suspected smugglers, fired gunshots, killing the innocent girl. Our correspondent gathered that Bello’s death was similar to that of Agbelade. It was gathered that the incident happened when the Customs men broke into some shops in Owode to evacuate bags of sugar and rice, which they suspected had been smuggled into the country. In the course of the evacuation, locals said they were shooting sporadically into the air for reasons best known to them. It was said that Bello was killed by a stray bullet which hit him on the head. Bello was reportedly rushed to a hospital, where he eventually gave up the ghost. The Public Relations Officer of the NCS, Ogun 1 Command, Abdullahi Maiwada confirmed the incident. However, Maiwada said the slain boy was a cultist, alleging that he belonged to the Eiye confraternity. He said, “At about 0830hours of 1/5/2020, some group of miscreants, suspected to be cultists (popularly known as ‘eye boys’ ) violently confronted officers of NCS, Ogun I Command Anti-smuggling Patrol Team with assorted weapons at Owode (Yewa South LGA of Ogun State). “The team came across the hostility while peacefully performing their lawful duty of seizing smuggled 47 bags of sugar, 13 bags of rice (50 kg each) and three cartons of sugar stocked at a residence located along Owode-Idiroko Road. “In the melee that ensued, information available revealed that one among the suspected cultists died, while officers including the team leader sustained various degrees of injuries. “The name of the deceased, who is popularly known among the ‘area boys’, is Owoeba. Other popular members of the notorious gang at large are Angaba, Wudor, Solomon (a.k.a K.Solo).” Maiwada stated further that, “We wish to use this opportunity to acknowledge the timely intervention of Nigerian Army 192 Battalion, Owode, Operatives of National Border Drill, and the Nigeria Police Force, Owode. “In the same vein, we wish to recognize the patriotic Owode Youths who shunned the cultists and assisted the operatives of Nigeria Customs Service to evacuate the offensive goods. Their action is worthy of emulation as the NCS is always out to perform their duty for the common good of the entire nation.” He added, however, that investigation on the the incident is ongoing, promising to make same available accordingly.