The Akwa Ibom State Government has threatened to prosecute as well as withdraw the licence of any private school in the state that reopened for the 3rd term 2019/2020 school year either in school environment or online before authorized to do so. It added that it would announce the resumption of both public and private schools in the state when it is convinced of safety of the children. The Commissioner for Education, Professor Nse Essien, stated this on Monday during an interactive session of Akwa Ibom State Education Think-tank Committee with Education Stakeholders in the state. Essien disclosed that the ongoing School-on-Radio programme for Junior Secondary School three and Senior Secondary three in the state was put in place to help the students prepare for their external examination, adding that government has also commenced the School-Radio programme for the primary schools this week. He added that later in the week, a special website where all the lessons so far delivered on radio would be hosted to enable students to go back, revise and download both audio and lecture notes in lessons already delivered. According to him, “No school, both public and private is authorized to start the 3rd term 2019/2020 school year, either in Schools environment or online. Resumption of Schools for the school year will be announced when the government is convinced that our children will be safe in Schools. “I have been reliably informed that some private schools have already started the 3rd term online and have asked parents and guardians to pay fees and purchase digital gadgets for their wards. This should be discontinued. Any School that goes contrary to this instruction will have its licence withdrawn and will be prosecuted.” He said the State government has encouraged schools to start online revision classes with their students who are still at home noting that, that should be optional and should attract no fees. Professor Essien who solicited the continued support of the think tank committee said their education system must go through a thorough transformation to meet the demand of the future. In his remarks, Chairman of the Committee, Professor Inyang assured that with the commitment of all the stakeholders the project of developing and launching Akwa Ibom strategic Education roadmap would be successfully achieved. He said none of the memorandum from stakeholders would be left out in the analysis, noting that the governor had stressed that solid education foundation will be one of the legacies he will be leaving behind. CP orders dismantling of illegal checkpoints in Akwa Ibom community Akwa Ibom government withholds teachers' salaries, promotion over alleged lateness, misconduct Akwa Ibom government shuts down Technical College indefinitely, suspends 34 students