The House of Representatives has called for investigations into the use of foreign airlines for the evacuation of Nigerians from the USA, UAE and the UK. The House mandated its Committee on Aviation to investigate the use of foreign airlines instead of local airlines. The decision followed a motion by Mohammed Bello and 8 others on Tuesday. The motion expressed regret at the actions of the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Federal Ministry of Aviation and the Presidential Task Force on COVID–19, It argued that the action is against the constitution of the federal republic of Nigeria. “The economic objective of the Federal Republic of Nigerian under the Fundamental Objective and Directive Principles of State Policy in Section 16(a) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 provides that the state shall harness the resources of the nation and promote national prosperity and an efficient, a dynamic and self-reliant economy for every citizen of based on social justice and equity of status and opportunity. “The actions of the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Nigerians in the Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Federal Ministry of Aviation and the Presidential Task Force on COVID–19 negates the economic objectives enshrined in Chapter II of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 when there are competent local airlines with experts to render the same services instead of Foreign Airlines, short-changing economic well-being of the country.” Adding that “local airlines such as Air Peace, Max Air and Azman Air contribute immensely to National income and employment of Nigerians, thereby enhancing the welfare and national productivity. “Air Peace and Max Air have three Boeing 777, and Azman Air recently acquired the Airbus A340-600 series which can be deployed for such flight operations. “That Air Peace handled the evacuation of Nigerians from South African during the xenophobic attacks in 2019 free of charge and Max Air has been participating in the uplifting of pilgrims during Hajji without hitches.” It would be recalled that the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama informed the House of the plans to use the foreign Airlines to evacuate Nigerians from those countries while briefing the House last Tuesday. COVID-19: FG's defense of Caverton Helicopters irresponsible, malicious - Sen. Okon Turkish airline suspension: DG, NCAC reacts to NCAA's action Arrest of Pilots: Airline Operators threaten boycott of flights to Rivers