Nigerians have reacted to the decision of the Inspector-General of Police, IGP, Idris Mohammed, to withdraw 6 policemen attached to the Chairman, Five Star Group, Emeka Okonkwo aka E-Money. E-Money is the brother of Nigerian musician, Kelechi Okonkwo popularly known as K-Cee. The report emerged on different news platforms on Tuesday and trended on social media that the IG ordered the Lagos State Police Command to withdraw the security personnel attached to E-money and also probe his source(s) of wealth. Confirming the report to DAILY POST, the Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, Bala Elkana, said the command only obeyed the orders from the IGP. According to him, “Well we got the directive from the Inspector General to withdraw police guards from E-Money and we did exactly so.” On the claim making the rounds that E-Money was using his Mobile Police guards as domestic servants, Elkana said, “The reason for the withdrawal I don’t know. Whether he was using them as domestic servants I don’t know where that is coming from.” However, some Nigerians who shared their opinion on Twitter blamed the government for not providing an enabling environment for police officers to do their jobs. Some also asked the IGP to withdraw police officers attached to politicians and other big shots in the country, not just E-Money. DAILY POST curated some thoughts and opinions from twitter. @i_amemeks, “E-money pays them higher than your govt is paying. So let them enjoy service. Besides, none of the policemen complained. @Firstladyship, “IG withdraws E-Money’s 6 policemen. He was surprised police were attached to him and were being used as domestic servants, carrying umbrellas, opening doors and doing menial jobs for him. Do not single out E-Money. Goose and Gander must be equal. Politicians are guilty of the same crime!” @Osusha_27, “The IG of police has ordered the probe of E-Money and withdrawal of his police escorts. I am sure it has to do with his enormous wealth. My question: When will the government probe the cause of enormous poverty and withdraw insecurity around the common man in Nigeria?” @The useless IG of police wants to probe E-money. For what exactly? Come and probe me too for eating ritual meats and guldermasin syrup.” @Sojarextmt, “Reading so many hate comments on him and it’s young people. If he is hated like this upon all the joy he has given us, I don’t who again can do better. Hating the rich will not make us richer. E-money is a good man and no weapon formed against u shall prosper.” @KachiZone, “I am not in support of E-Money using 6 mobile escorts; is he a bullion van? However, let’s be honest; @PoliceNG high hierarchy should be blamed — they wine, dine and collect huge amounts from these socialites in favour of dozens of Mopols as their escorts.” @Chimezieatasie, “In this country as long as you have the money you can have as many police escorts as you like. Even big-armed robbers and kidnappers have police escorts not to talk of an innocent business tycoon like E-money.” @Samjnr6468100, “Can we also revisit police and general civil servants remunerations? Because trust me many of these police officers would prefer to be opening doors and holding umbrellas compared to being sent down to Potiskum because of the money involved. In fact they can bribe to be sent to big men.” @Shy_shye, “If the @PoliceNG is serious with the political will, all police attached to civilians should be withdrawn. Anybody that needs extra security protection should patronize the private security outfit. But guess what? I don’t see that happening because of politicians.” @rukeeo1, “I am sure this was triggered by a post they saw online. I saw pictures of mobile policemen opening his car door for him and while I didn’t have a problem with it. It seemed somehow off. We must remember that the uniform these guys wear represents the entire country and respect that.” Emmanuel Onwubiko: The Police Nigeria needs Kogi/Bayelsa election: Why Buhari should sack IGP, Mohammed Adamu - HURIWA Coronavirus: Police arrest officers for flogging woman in Osun [VIDEO] These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More