The Plateau State government has inaugurated a Special Committee for Research on COVID-19 and other Infectious Diseases in the state. Inaugurating the committee in Jos, the State Governor, Simon Lalong charged members of the committee to leave no stone unturned in utilizing the human and material resources available in the state to find solutions to the treatment of the infectious diseases. Governor Lalong noted that the state has had to contain many infectious diseases in the past, stressing that it has become imperative to upgrade medical facilities as well as improve the quality of manpower to tackle the challenge. Governor Lalong acknowledges, “It is a known fact that Plateau State is endowed with herbal and medicinal products that could be harnessed towards building our capacity to withstand the threat of diseases such as the coronavirus if, and when they spring up.” He noted that the present generation is facing perhaps one of its most difficult times, adding that COVID-19 has reminded the people of the need to be proactive in not only upgrading the medical facilities and improving manpower but also working ahead to develop a preventive and curative capacity for infectious diseases. Governor Lalong advised the committee to not only look inwards in finding a solution to the current COVID-19 challenge but also use the current experience to prepare for the future to avoid panic and desperation among residents. He enjoined the team members which comprises researchers from various tertiary institutions in the state and the State Ministry of Health, to be diligent in carrying out the assignment. He cautioned that all efforts be geared towards establishing a modern infectious diseases hospital in Plateau state. The Committee’s Terms of Reference, according to the governor, is to search for conventional and/or alternative drugs for the treatment and cure of the coronavirus, design treatment protocols for the treatment of the virus and conduct clinical trials on the candidate drug(s). The committee is also to design a control mechanism for the spread of the virus as well as any other design that would curtail the pandemic and subsequent diseases. COVID-19: Plateau gets three isolation centres as Lalong orders for more ventilators COVID-19: No confirmed case in Plateau - Gov. Lalong COVID-19: Plateau records index case