An apprentice barber, Mr Anthony Okafor was on Wednesday night said to have been killed by a bus as he tried to escape arrest from police officers who were enforcing the curfew in Enugwu Ukwu, Dunukofia local government area. DAILY POST gathered that policemen were chasing after Okafor who had closed from work and was going home, when he ran into a moving bus that hit him, causing his death. The death of the barber has however generated tension in the area, with youths of Enugwu Ukwu community taking to the streets to protest the death of one of their own on Thursday. Major roads in the community were blocked, causing terrible traffic gridlock along the old Enugu-Onitsha road. A member representing the area in the House of Representatives, Hon Dozie Nwankwo who reacted to the incident urged youths to toe the line of civility, stressing that he had reached out to the state police command to ensure an extensive investigation into the cause of the incident. Nwankwo said, “I reliably gathered that a few minutes past 8pm in the night, a young apprentice barber, Mr. Anthony Okafor was being trailed by men of the Nigerian Police Force, Nimo Division. The chase resulted in his eventual death as he was knocked down by a shuttle bus. “As your representative, I condemn in strong terms, the action of our uniformed men which led to the death of this young man. It is really a heartbreaking one. The world has bled enough, and now needs healing, not accidental deaths. “While I stand with my people, I must quickly submit here and now also that violent protests or taking of laws into our hands will only aggravate the situation even more. “I, therefore, call on all and sundry to be calm and peaceful. I’m already in touch with the President General of Enugwu Ukwu, the DPO in charge of the Nimo Police Division, other relevant authorities – quarters and stakeholders. I am already in talks with Mr. John Abang, the Commissioner of Police, Anambra State. Be rest assured that a thorough investigation will be carried out and justice will be served accordingly.” Meanwhile, the state police public relations officer, SP Haruna Mohammed reacting to the incident said, the death had nothing to do with the police, but was a fatal accident. “It was during the rush hour yesterday (Wednesday) night at about 8:30pm, and there was an accident there, and a man died. I am surprised that today the youths started protesting, saying that the police were the cause. “The youths have also been pacified and they have dispersed, and the commissioner has ordered an investigation into the matter. He has even invited the key youth leaders to his office for a talk. So everything is under control,” he said.