Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs (NSCIA) has said that Ramadan fasting this year will end this Saturday. This means the 2020 Eid-el-fitr will hold on Sunday. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari, on Friday signed into law Executive Order No. 10 of 2020 for the implementation of Financial Autonomy of State Legislature and State Judiciary Order, 2020. Umar Gwandu, Special Assistant on Media to Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, who made this known in a statement, noted that the development means that Nigerian States’ Legislature and Judiciary Arms no longer have to wait for Governors for funds. 3. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control (NCDC) said Nigeria on Friday recorded 245 cases of coronavirus According to the agency, Lagos recorded the highest number with 131 cases, while Jigawa State followed with 16 cases. 4. The Defense Headquarters (DHQ) has said that troops of the Nigerian Army have killed 135 bandits in a raid on their hideouts in Katsina and Zamfara States. According to the DHQ, some other bandits escaped with gunshot wounds in the operation conducted around Abu Radde Camps 1 and 2, Dunya in Jibia and DanMusa Local Government Areas of Katsina State, as well as Hassan Tagwaye’s Camp, Alhaji Auta’s Camp, Maikomi in Birnin Magaji and Zurmi LGAs of Zamfara State. 5. The Lagos State Government has announced the death of four coronavirus patients in the State The State’s Commissioner for Health, Professor Akin Abayomi, who made the announcement, confirmed that 139 new cases of the viral infection were recorded in the State. 6. The Kano State Government has said that ten coronavirus patients have been discharged after showing full recovery from the virus. The State Ministry of Health made the disclosure in a tweet via its Twitter account while confirming that 8 new cases of the viral infection have been recorded in the State. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Professor Godswill Obioma as the new National Examinations Council (NECO) Registrar and Chief Executive Officer. The approval was contained in a letter signed by the Minister of Education, Mallam Adamu Adamu and dated 15th May 2020 with Reference No: FME/PS/396/C1/1/134. 8. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has come hard on Buhari-led government in its approach towards the COVID-19 pandemic. The party said the government’s approach was parochial and marred by corruption, nepotism, incompetence and narrow-minded politics. 9. Former Kano State Commissioner of Works and Infrastructural Developments, Muazu Magaji, has been discharged after recovering from COVID-19. Magaji took to his Facebook page to announce his status. 10. A Pakistan International Airlines plane on Friday crashed near the neighborhood of Model Colony. More than 100 people on board the Airbus A320 died, with just two survivors. Nigerian States' Legislature, Judiciary now independent as Buhari signs Financial Autonomy Order Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Sunday morning Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Sunday Morning