Igwe John Ositadimma Umenyiora, Ezedioramma 1 of Ogbunike and Okpala Iguedo, has passed on. Following his passing, President Muhammadu Buhari has reacted regrettably to the news. A statement by his Spokesman, Femi Adesina, said the president was sad about the demise. He extended heartfelt commiserations to Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, the Ogbunike community in Oyi Local Government and the Umenyiora family. Buhari averred that the monarch, throughout his 44 years on the throne, demonstrated his deep affection and love for the betterment of his subjects. He said Umenyiora worked tirelessly to improve the well-being of his people through education, commerce, economic empowerment and development. Buhari recalled that when he first sought to be elected President of Nigeria in 2003, a worthy son of Ogbunike, Dr Chuba Okadigbo, was his running mate. “President Buhari encourages the Ogbunike community, town of the famous cave in South East, Nigeria, to continue to honour Igwe Umenyiora’s legacy of commitment to peaceful co-existence, prosperity and harmony. “As the community prepares for the last Ofala of the highly revered ruler who proudly showcased the rich Igbo culture, President Buhari prays for the peaceful repose of the soul of Okpala Iguedo, as well as the selection of a worthy successor, who will build on the achievements of the first Igwe of Ogbunike,” the statement read. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More