National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Uche Secondus, says the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari and the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, is a road Nigerians should not have passed. He said this on Friday while appraising the five years of Buhari’s administration. In a statement he signed, Secondus noted that Buhari’s tenure has seen “all negative indexes in our socio-political and economic life as a nation activated”. He said all gains after independence midwifed by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, have been destroyed. Secondus noted that general elections have been anything but fair, “with security agencies and the election body abandoning their legitimate responsibilities of neutrality and fairness to being visible partners of the ruling government”. On security, he said Nigerians are still baffled at what the country has become. The party chairman said part of “the propaganda that deceived Nigeria into voting in APC was that a strong man, a General was on the way to wipe out all our security challenges”. He expressed regret that while Boko Haram is still a problem in the North East, “it has given birth to cancerous twins- herdsmen and banditry spreading and enhancing bloodletting which has become the stock of this regime”. The party leader lamented that Nigeria remains grossly under-Policed by all international standards. “Decentralization of command has become absolutely necessary, meaning that state police and community Policing must be given urgent consideration”. Secondus stated that corruption has “become so overwhelming that the anti-graft agencies have given up watching thieves they cannot catch because of who they are and where they are.” “Instances are legion, NDDC, Humanitarian Ministry, Abacha loot, Presidency top shots, former Secretary to Government of the Federation, SGF among others are instances of questionable corruption cases.” The PDP leader said the separation of power which was instituted to help grow and deepen democracy has been flagrantly abused. He accused the APC of not giving the Legislature, the Judiciary and the Press, a conducive environment to operate. “Under the watch of this regime, legislators were denied access to the National Assembly by agents of the state. The shock invasion and arrest of Judges and Justices at midnight in 2016. The Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, was unilaterally removed by the President in 2019 on the eve of the general election.” PDP added that never in the history of this country since the civil war has Nigerians been as divided as they are today. He said the Buhari administration “by their style consciously activated all the indicators that divide us, tribalism, religious bigotry and nepotism among others”. On the economy, PDP said Nigeria has gone into recession “and by their own admittance, we are walking back into it”. Secondus accused the federal government of “mortgaging the future of the country with their incessant loan acquisitions”. He called on the National Assembly to halt further loan approvals and demand thorough accounting of previous ones. Reps member task PDP, Secondus to tender apologies to Nigerians for allegedly insulting Supreme Court 2020: Nigeria may explode, ground - Secondus issues strong warning APC has worsened your situation, damaged economy - Secondus tells Nigerian workers