Residents and subscribers of Abuja-based T Pumpy Estates, on Friday celebrated the MD/CEO of the company, Mr. Akintayo Adaralegbe on his birthday. The surprise fete was organised by the wife and residents of the estate. Due to the COVID-19 protocol, the attendance was restricted to members of his household and residents of the estates. Among those who spoke during the private bash was Pastor Bala, who is the Chairman of Residents Association, Phase 3 T Pumpy Estate.  Pastor Balla in his short speech thanked God for using Mr. Adaralegbe for making them landlords in the nation’s capital. He specifically extolled the T Pumpy boss for always giving a listening ear to residents of the estate whenever they call on him. As part of activities to mark his birthday, Mr. Adaralegbe and his family visited the Shining Star Orphanage Home located at the Lugbe Federal Housing Estate where he gave them a plot of land.  Relatively, Mr. Adaralegbe had explained the reason behind the slash in price of its land from N3.5m to N1.75m, offering 50 per cent discount by the company. According to Mr. Adaralegbe, the promo was done to encourage Nigerians to own their houses due to the effect of Coronavirus pandemic on the livelihoods of many Nigerians and also to complement government’s national housing plan. He noted that although T Pumpy has 22 housing estates and properties scattered across Kyami, Kasana, Kuje, Lugbe, Gwagwalada and other places in the nation’s capital, however, the ongoing promo is only exclusive to their property along the Airport Road.  Speaking on the development, the CEO on Friday said the offer would end on June 30. In his words, “I have said this several times that one of my greatest passions is to see that every Nigerian own a house of his or her own. It is not all about business but a sincerity purpose to roofs over the heads of many Nigerians as much as I can assist. He said, “Imagine owning a standard 600sqm plot of a duplex, a penthouse or a bungalow for as low N1.75m. We are doing this because of the economic effects of the coronavirus on the people.  “Of course you known it is every man’s dream to own a house and that is why T Pumpy Concept Limited wants to make sure to actualize that dream for them. “The market worth of the land is N3.5m but we are giving it out at this price just to encourage Nigerians at this critical time. Our lands are verifiable and authentic; they are government-approved. This promo will end on June 30.  “We sell and develop all types of estate lands for residential, educational, commercial and recreational purposes. There are lands for bungalows, penthouses, duplexes, with corresponding land sizes and amount. Crèches/nursery school plots are also available. “Our expertise in building to the highest quality standards is evident throughout our complete line of estates. Our Estates are constructed in a factory environment and our building materials are never exposed to the elements and every aspect of the building process is closely monitored to ensure high-quality standards.  “We also undertake feasibility and viability studies of real estate development projects. They are government approved estate plots suitable for 4 or 5 bedroom duplex, 4 or 5 bedroom penthouse and 3 bedroom bungalow. “The land and building plans are government approved, authentic and highly verifiable.” T. Pumpy Concept Limited is a progressive property developer that prides itself on its proven track records, passion and commitment to deliver superior value in design, quality and services in our developments to our customers.  T. Pumpy Concept Limited is a registered company that deals majorly in the sales of lands and estate plots. The company has been in existence since 2009, and it is totally committed to making its utmost contribution in the development process of our environment in the aforementioned area, for the betterment of all Nigerians. The T-Pumpy Concept Limited has decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home design and construction. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve.  Call us today: Corporate Office address: No. 12, Monrovia Street, Off Aminu Kano Crescent, Wuse II district, Abuja. Annex House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja.  Follow us on our social media platforms. Instagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com