The Ekiti State Commissioner for Agriculture, Olabode Folorunso, who was abducted by unknown gunmen last week, has regained freedom from his abductors. The commissioner was kidnapped last week Sunday along Isan-Iludun road, by unknown gunmen. A councilor at Ilejemeje Local Government, who was in his car was shot dead at the spot while another occupant of the vehicle was abducted alongside the commissioner. Olabode, according to the Police Commissioner, Asuquo Amba, was released on Monday after nine days in captivity. Amba, who spoke via the Police Public Relations Officer, Mr. Sunday Abutu said the commissioner was released unhurt and in high spirit. “The commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Folorunso Olabode, who was kidnapped few days ago, has been released. I can confirm to you. “We are happy that he was in high spirits when he was released. We are assuring the good people of Ekiti State that the police will do all within their powers to make Ekiti safe for all residents. “The kidnap of the commissioner was just an isolated case. Our men are working hard to ensure that Ekiti doesn’t become a beehive of criminals and that we shall achieve,” Amba said. Governor Kayode Fayemi also confirmed the release of the Commissioner. The governor, in a statement by the Commissioner for Information, Muyiwa Olumilua, said “he was released few hours ago unhurt, and has since rejoined his family. “The Government is grateful for the concern shown by members of the public during his period of incarceration. Similarly, Ekiti State Government appreciates efforts by the security agencies in securing his release, as well as ensuring security of lives and property within the state. “Government also expresses sympathy with the family of the late Councillor, Mr. Olatunji Omotosho, who was killed by the gunmen during the abduction, on April 26th, 2020.” Fayemi, who is billed to receive Olabode in his office Monday evening, affirmed the state government’s efforts to do everything possible to rid the state of criminal elements. He urged the citizens of the State to remain vigilant, and report any suspicious movements and activities to the appropriate law enforcement agencies, or call the state emergency lines.