The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, on Sunday, refuted reports of war threats against Southeast governors. Reports had it that AYCF President General, Yerima Shettima had threatened war against Southeast governors for denying Northern youths entry into their states. Shettima was reported to have said Southeast governors had no right to stop Northern youths from entering the region even if they have Coronavirus. Reacting to the allegation, Shettima described the claim as false and the handiwork of mischief-makers. In a statement sent to DAILY POST, the AYCF President General said issuing such a threat was not his style, hence such rumours should be discarded. According to Shettima: “My attention has been drawn to a fake “Breaking News” in which some unknown mischief-makers struggled to connect me to the threat against the people of the Southeast over a purported threat to Northern youths in the Zone. “The so-called news was the handiwork of some unknown rabble-rousers, designed to dent the public image of struggle I have built for decades. I bet this shadowy group that their evil agenda is dead on arrival as Nigerians are now too sophisticated to believe that kind of trash being willy-nilly tied to my name and my group.” Shettima pledged to always stand by Northern youths while promoting peace and unity in line with the constitution of the country. “However, I would like to make it categorically clear that, much as the purported threat of war was not my style, this does not mean I no longer care about my Northern brothers. I still have the Northern youth at heart and will strive to promote and protect their interest peacefully and in line with legal and constitutional provisions. “I wish also to thank all those who reached out to me to express concern over this devilish plot and to give me extra courage to always legitimately stand on the side of the North and of truth. I cannot thank you enough for the massive solidarity,” he added. 2023: Nnamdi Kanu jeopardizing chances of Igbo Presidency - Arewa youths 2023 presidency: Ohanaeze Secretary-General explains why El-Rufai was right, faults Arewa youths Arewa youths declare position on appointment of new Chief of Staff, condoles with Buhari over Kyari's death