A medical expert, Dr Chinonso Egemba, popularly known as Aproko Doctor, has revealed why it’s important for men to change their boxers every two days. According to Egemba, wearing boxers for more than two days can encourage breeding of harmful fungi, which may lead to jock itch and groin infection. While speaking to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Thursday in Awka, Egemba expressed that unwashed or repeated use of the same boxers for days could irritate the skin. According to him, the fungal infection which is common in athletes and people who sweat a lot or are overweight often affects the groin and inner thighs. “Jock itch (tinea cruris) is a fungal infection that causes a red and itchy rash in warm and moist areas of the body. “The rash often affects the groin and inner thighs and may be shaped like a ring. “Jock itch gets its name because it’s common in athletes. It’s also common in people who sweat a lot or who are overweight. “The pubic region is an area in the human body that is always dark, warm and moist due to sweating, when you repeat same boxer for days, you are making fungi to grow and multiply in the pubic area. “This could lead to Jock itch and Groin infection caused by a fungus known as ‘Tinea Cruris’ and usually develops in the skin around the groin, inner thighs and buttocks. “This is most common in men and adolescent boys. “The common symptoms include itching and burning, red, scaly, circular rashes and peeling of the skin. When this happens, see a doctor for proper treatment,” he said. He further advised that boxers should be changed every day and the groin area should be well taken care of in order to prevent harmful bacteria which might find their ways into the body unnoticed. Wife reveals herbal solution to staphylococcus Aureus, syphilis, gonorrhea,  toilet infections [Sponsored] Wife reveals hidden herbal solution that treats Staphylococcus aureus, flushes out Syphilis, Gonorrhea, STD infections [Sponsored] Wife reveals herbal treatment for heavy growth of Staph Aureus, Syphilis, Gonorrhea, other toilet Infections