Five survivors of coronavirus, including a seven-month-old nursing mother were on Tuesday discharged from the Isolation Centre of Ibom Specialty Hospital after being confirmed negative for the disease by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC. Also, among five of those discharged was a medical worker with the University of Uyo Teaching Hospital. The state Commissioner for Health, Dr.Dominic Ukpong, who disclosed this in a press briefing, said the nursing mother had to be given special treatment at home since she had a seven-month-old baby and two infants between the ages of two and three who would not be separated from her. He, however, commended Governor Udom Emmanuel for providing all that was required to manage the situation at home. His words, “I commend Governor Emmanuel for putting in place a means through which we were able to administer medical care to that woman because there was no way we could have brought her and three children into this facility, since none of the children had tested positive. “Her samples have now come out negative and she has also been discharged along with the other four cases.” On the reported case of 50 medical workers awaiting testing at the University of Uyo Teaching Hospital, Dr Ukpong said he was not aware of that. “I am not aware of such number of people lining up for testing at UUTH. “The one we have actually profiled and who met the criteria for testing was among those discharged today, a staff of the University of Uyo Teaching Hospital,” Ukpong said. On contact tracing, the Commissioner disclosed that the state has so far done 458 contact tracing, indicating about 99.1% attainment as acknowledged by NCDC, adding that as at yesterday, the state recorded 100%. He said the Governor Emmanuel has performed very well in the fight against the disease, especially judging from the huge number of the index cases and the gradual decline in the numbers He urged Akwa Ibom people to continue observing the laid down precautionary measures in order to check the spread of disease in the state. Akwa Ibom: Three COVID-19 patients discharged after testing negative 68-year-old woman dies of COVID-19 in Akwa Ibom Coronavirus: Hospital where medical doctor died in Akwa-Ibom breaks silence