A chieftain of Young Progressive Party,(YPP), Dr. Ifeanyi Ubah, has described as a victory for democracy, the recent Supreme Court ruling which reaffirmed him as the duly elected Senator representing Anambra Central Senatorial district during the February 23, 2019, presidential and National Assembly elections. Senator Ubah who asserted this in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday also lauded the judiciary for rising to its responsibility of ensuring that justice prevailed without fear, favour or prejudice. According to the Senator, the judgement was also a clear indication that the third arm of government is the last hope of the common man. DAILY POST recalls that Justice Bello Kawu had nullified Ubah’s election, for allegedly using a forged National Examination Council (NECO) certificate to contest the senatorial election that was held in the state on February 23, 2019. The judge had also on April 11, 2019, ordered the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), to withdraw the Certificate of Return it issued to Ubah and issue a fresh one to Obinna Uzoh of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), who came second in the poll. Ubah then approached the same court to ask for a review since there was a manifest display of unfairness but the Court restated her earlier ruling. Dissatisfied with the High Court rulings, the Businessman appealed the judgment of the lower court at Abuja Division of Court of Appeal, which fortunately nullified the High court verdict and reinstated him(Ubah) as the duly elected Senator representing Anambra South Senatorial district in the upper Nigeria legislative chamber during 2019 general elections. A three-man panel of Justices of the appellate court held that the judgment delivered by Justice Bello Kawu of a High Court of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) was a nullity because the suit was unlawfully instituted having not complied with any known law. The Appellate Court further held that its findings revealed that the originating summons that led to Ubah’s sack was not signed by counsel to the plaintiffs. But, on Tuesday, the Supreme Court ruled that Uba was duly elected to represent Anambra South Senatorial District at the National Assembly. Justice Sylvester Ngwuta, who led four others, held that the FCT High Court lacked territorial jurisdiction to determine a matter that arose from primary election conducted in Anambra. However, in the statement, Senator Ubah said the agenda to rebuild Anambra South was an all-encompassing one and reassured his constituents of quality and effective representation. He reiterated his avowed commitment to the noble path of growth, progress and development, promising not to disappoint constituents and his vision to take Anambra South Senatorial zone to the next level of development. His Words, “I want to dedicate this victory to the almighty God and my friends, well-wishers and supporters who stood firmly with me through the course of this legal tussle. The period of politicking and litigation is finally over, now is the time to collectively work for the progress of Anambra South. There is a need to rise above the flaming divides of partisan politics to do what is best for our constituents. “There is a lot of work to be done to better the lives of our people, we must, therefore, work together to revitalize the Igbo economy and also make the promotion of our nation’s interest a priority. It is my sincere hope that with your relentless support, ideas and prayers, I will continue to fashion our legislative interventions for the development of Anambra South, the Southeastern economy and Nigeria at large”. Appeal Court reinstates sacked Anambra Senator, Ifeanyi Ubah Senator Ubah speaks on victory after Appeal Court reaffirmation Court sacks Senator Ifeanyi Ubah