Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Supreme Court, on Friday nullified the conviction of former Governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu over N7.16 billion fraud by a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos, on December 5. Justice Amina Augie who led a seven-man panel of Justices held that the trial Justice, Mohammed Liman of the Federal High Court in Lagos acted without jurisdiction. 2. The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, has reacted to the Supreme Court’s nullification of the conviction of a former governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu. Dele Oyewale, EFCC Head, Media and Publicity, in a statement noted that the court based its verdict on the grounds that Justice Mohammed Idris, who convicted Kalu and others had been elevated to the Court of Appeal before the judgement and returned to the lower court to deliver the judgement which it considered illegal. 3. Unknown gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have seized the eighty-year-old father of the chairman of Sagbama Local Government Area council, of Bayelsa State. Pa Napoleon Alale. The octogenarian, whose name was given as Pa Napoleon Alale, was reportedly whisked away from his country home of Agbere Community by the yet-to-be identified hoodlums at the early hours of Friday. 4. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, has announced that Nigeria recorded 386 new cases of coronavirus in the country. NCDC, which disclosed this in a tweet via its Twitter handle, on Friday, said Lagos had 176 cases, 65-Kano 31-Katsina 20-FCT 17-Borno and others. 5. The Africa Centre for Disease Control (Africa CDC) has said that the number of Coronavirus (COVID-19) cases in Africa has risen to over 54,027 in the past 24 hours in 53 countries across the continent. According to the tweet, COVID-19 had killed 2,074 people, while 18,636 patients have recovered. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari has revealed the total amount in the five bank accounts designated for the COVID-19 contribution. According to the President, records obtained from the Office of the Accountant-General of the Federation about lodgements from 111 individuals and organisations into the FGN Covid-19 Eradication Support Accounts in the five designated banks between April 1-30, 2020, indicated the total sum of Six Hundred and Ninety Seven million, Five Hundred and Thirty-Eight Thousand, One Hundred and Eight Naira only (N697, 538, 108.00). 7. Two persons lost their lives when a petroleum tanker lost its brake and collided with a truck in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital on Friday. The incident occurred along the Moniya Ibadan-Iseyin Road in Akinyele Local Government Area of Oyo State. 8. President Muhammadu Buhari has lost one of his nephews, Alhaji Mutari Dauda. Dauda was younger brother to Mallam Mamman Daura, who has been described as one of the strongest influences on Buhari and the administration. 9. The Defence Headquarters, on Friday said Troops of Operation Whirl Stroke neutralized a militia leader in Benue State. DHQ in a statement made available on its official Twitter page, said the militia leader identified as Terugwa Igbagwa alias Orjondu is the second most wanted criminal kingpin next to Gana in Benue State. 10. Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, on Friday arrested 14 persons hidden in two trailers conveying cattle from Adamawa State to Port Harcourt, the State’s capital. Wike told reporters that the trailers were intercepted following a tip-off from well-meaning Nigerians, who told the State authorities that some Northerners were making their way into Port Harcourt. N7.2bn alleged fraud: Abia stakeholders speak on nullification of Orji Kalu's conviction by Supreme Court Orji Kalu: Buhari, Magu, Justice Bulkachuwa under fire over lawmaker's conviction, sealing of The Sun by EFCC It was expected - Nigerian lawyers react to Supreme Court nullifying Orji Kalu's conviction