The Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library (OOPL) has asked many of its staff to stay at home for the meantime over the inability to sustain its workforce. The OOPL has confirmed the development to DAILY POST. The Library, which is in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, is a recreational centre with a hotel, event centres, an amusement park, a wildlife park, a church, a mosque and others. The OOPL, DAILY POST reports, used to be a beehive of activities until the outbreak of the Coronavirus pandemic. As part of measures to curb the spread of the pandemic, hotels and other similar establishments have been told to remain closed. In a letter addressed to the affected staff, Obasanjo Library said the workers are to stay away from duty, starting from May 31. The OOPL Head of Human Resources, Administration and Procurement, Olanike Ogunleye, said the OOPL was overwhelmed by the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, saying the management had found it hard to sustain its workforce. The letter reads in part, “As you are aware, the current COVID-19 pandemic has had a toll on all our businesses significantly. This has resulted in making some difficult business decisions. Due to this situation, we regret to inform you that your employment will be put on hold till further notice. The affected workers were asked to hand over all company properties in their possession to the human resource department, who, it was learnt, would confirm the exit clearance process before their final entitlements would be paid, if any. According to the letter, the affected staff are only on “temporary cessation of appointment”, as they may be recalled back when business picks up again. However, OOPL said they would not be paid during the period. “Please note that you are not eligible for any payment during this period of cessation,” the letter reads. Our correspondent put a call through to the OOPL official phone number as it was confirmed that the workers were not sacked, but were only told to stay at home pending when business picks up again. Coronavirus: Guests undergo screening to attend Obasanjo's 83rd birthday Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby writes Obasanjo COVID-19: Gov Abiodun appreciates Obasanjo, Adeboye, names other donors