Students in Ogun State have called out the Senator representing Ogun West, Tolu Odebiyi, accusing him of allegedly being “insensitive to the incessant killing of not only students but also residents of Ogun border communities.” The students, under the aegis of the National Association Nigerian Students (NANS) and the National Association of Ogun State Students (NAOSS), alleged that Odebiyi has continued to remain silent, while refusing to show any serious commitment to bring a stop to what they called “the destruction of lives and property going on in his constituency by the men of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) all in the name of fighting smugglers.” The students’ body in a statement, jointly signed by the National Vice President of NANS, Comrade Raymond Ojo and the National President of NAOSS, Comrade Gbemileke Ogunronmbi in Abeokuta on Wednesday, while passing a vote of no confidence in the Senator, described him as a “passive and dormant lawmaker”, who, according to them, is unconcerned about the plights of his constituents. “We want to register our bitterness and disappointment to the insensitivity of Senator Tolu Odebiyi. We as well condemn this leprosy treatment his constituents are getting from someone they regard as their leader. “We want to state categorically that the people of Ogun West don’t deserve this inhumane and wicked treatment they are getting from the men of the Nigeria Customs Service and they expect their leader, in person of Senator Odebiyi, to stand up and speak for them,” they emphasised. Contacted, Senator Odebiyi told our correspondent that he had responded to the killings yesterday. He told our correspondent that his reaction was in one of the national dailies. When our correspondent pressed further, asking to respond to some of the allegations coming from the student’s leaders, Odebiyi maintained that his reaction is everywhere, saying “I’ve responded. They are not well informed.” DAILY POST reported in April that a secondary school girl, Sekinat Agbelade was killed by a strayed bullet fired by men of the Nigerian Customs Service, at Agosasa area of Ipokia Local Government, Ogun State. Few weeks after, another male student was reportedly killed in a similar circumstance at Owode Yewa. These, it was gathered, are a few of such killings that have occurred in Ogun border communities as Customs officers shoot indiscriminately while chasing suspected smugglers. Join Gov Abiodun to fight Coronavirus - Ogun students beg Amosun, other Senators Senator Odebiyi says Nigeria Customs officers unruly, as Senate orders probe of Ipokia killings N5m bribery allegation rocks Ogun National Youth Council election as NANS, NAOSS petition NSCDC CG These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More