Oba community in Idemili South Local Government Area of Anambra State has rejected President Muhammadu Buhari’s appointment of one of their sons, Uche Ibeabuchi, as a member of the Federal Character Commission (FCC). Buhari had in a later addressed to the Senate last Tuesday, sought the confirmation of the Red Chamber for the chairman and 37 members of the FCC. But the community, including its men, women and youth wing, have also petitioned the Senate President, Senator Ahmed Lawan, asking him to stop the proposed confirmation of their son, Ibeabuchi, claiming that he was not a fit and proper person to represent Anambra State or the community at the commission. Copies of petitions sent to the Senate President, and signed by the president’s and secretaries of the various groups, which were made available to DAILY POST in Awka, claimed that the nominee had several allegations hanging on his neck that will impede his performance at the commission. One of the letters from the leadership of Okuzu village in Oba where Ibeabuchi hailed from, which was signed by members of the village traditional council, including; Chief Edwin Obiabumuo, Chief Basil Okeke and Chief Obi Anachuna, described the nominee as being high-handed. “Rev. Uche Ibeabuchi is highhanded, he has forcefully sold community Lands and converted proceeds to his personal use. He has exhibited at various times that he lacks the communal interest of the Anambra people. “Currently pending at the Federal High Court in charge No: FHC/AWK/C2/177/2018 and FHC/AWK/C103/2018 is an indictment of fraud, Cultism and criminal conspiracies against the nominee, Rev .Uche Ibeabuchi which he is yet to be discharged of. “In view of the criminal charges and his character indictment in the pending matter, it is our collective decision that Rev. Uche Ibeabuchi is not a fit and proper person to represent us. We, therefore, oppose his nomination and confirmation and hereby request for the appointment of a competent character to represent the State at the Federal Character Commission,” the group wrote. DAILY POST gathered that Senate may on Tuesday when it convenes confirm of nominees as requested by President Buhari.