Former representative of the Rivers South-East Senatorial District at the National Assembly, Senator Magnus Ngei Abe has reacted to the death of Simeon Nwakaudu, the Special Assistant to Governor Nyesom Wike on Electronic Media. The former lawmaker, who is a member of the All Progressives Congress, APC in the State, condoled Wike over the death of Nwakaudu. Abe, in a statement made available to DAILY POST, described the death of the late Nwakaudu as painful and a great loss to the governor and the Nwakaudu’s family. According to him, “Although I sometimes got the rough end of his pen owing to our political differences, there is no disputing the fact that the late Nwakaudu was a dependable, brilliant and loyal aide to his boss. “His demise at the prime of life is tragic indeed and it is times like this that test our common humanity. “I pray that God Almighty will grant his soul eternal rest and give comfort to his family”. The Senator urged governor Wike and the Nwakaudu’s family to take solace in the fact that while Simeon Nwakaudu lived, he gave his best and should be remembered for his contributions and service. Goodluck Jonathan condoles Gov Wike over aides death Nwakaudu: Gov Wike reacts to death of media aide Nigerian don, Uche Igwe consoles Wike over death of aide, Simeon Nwakaudu These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More