Pastor Enoch Adeboye, General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), has reacted to the alleged rape and murder of Vera Uwaila Omozuwa, a 100-level Microbiology student of University of Benin, UNIBEN. It was learnt that Uwaila, who was a 100-level Microbiology student of UNIBEN, was allegedly raped and killed by some unknown persons while reading in a Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, in Benin City. Her death has since stirred reactions from Nigerians on social media seeking justice for her. Reacting, Adeboye on his verified Twitter page commiserated with the family of Uwa even as he called for calm. He condemned the act, adding that the church has began investigation into the case and would cooperate with the Nigeria Police to get justice for the victim. His tweet read: “All I can do at this time is to pray for the family of Omozuwa and do everything possible working with relevant authorities to bring the perpetrators to book. “I and members of my Family condemn this act strongly and urge everyone to stay calm as we are already looking into the matter and cooperating with the police to establish the facts of the shocking incident. #justiceforuwa,”  Justice for Uwa: Obaseki calls for immediate investigation over murder of UNIBEN student in Edo church Vera Omozuwa: Apostle Johnson Suleiman reacts to alleged rape, murder of UNIBEN female student inside church Vera Omozuwa: UNIBEN reacts to alleged rape of 100 level student in church These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More