Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje has declared the wearing of facemask compulsory in Kano State The governor has also threatened to arrest, prosecute and send to prison anyone found violating the face mask rule. Governor Ganduje who lamented the manner with which residents violate Coronavirus protocols said the government would not sit and allow the State continue to suffer. He said there was no reason for residents to move around without face masks as the government has made masks available to everyone and that people could also wear anything to protect themselves and others. Speaking during a parley with the Media on Sunday, Governor Ganduje assured that his government would provide over one million facemasks to residents. The Coordinator, Kano State Government Task Force on COVID:19, Dr. Tijjani Hussaiń in his remarks said no fewer than 47 health workers in the state were confirmed to be infected with coronavirus since it entered Kano. Hussain, however, explained that in the past few days, there has not been any new cases among health workers in the state, because of the state’s government prompt actions. Hussain added that so far in Kano, there are 576 confirmed cases, out of which 29 were new, explaining that out of the total number of the confirmed cases, 32 have been discharged. “Out of the total number we recorded here in Kano, we recorded three deaths on Saturday, making the total number of deaths recorded to be 21. “We have also recorded 84 new suspected cases of the COVID-19 in Kano, making the total number of the suspected cases to be 1,820.” he said. ‘The centre had on Saturday received 47 calls, and all the calls were investigated, saying that so far they have received 1313 calls. He explained that, “from Saturday to now, we have collected 84 samples, out of which 29 cases were confirmed, and so far we have collected 2072 samples.” Hussain added that as part of the state government’s effort in curtailing the pandemic, over 1,000 frontline health workers are undergoing special training in the state. He further appealed to the general public to adhere to the medical experts’ advice on preventive measures, especially on physical distancing, use of face masks and abiding by the lockdown order. Coronavirus: Facemask offenders to pay fine of N300,000 - Ayade Ganduje imposes curfew in Kano as coronavirus toll hits four Coronavirus: Ganduje declares one day prayer and fasting in Kano against COVID-19