The Arewa Consultative Forum, ACF, has condemned in strong terms the recent attacks in some communities leading to the death of 60 people in Sokoto State. Recall that bandits on Wednesday night attacked Garki, Kutuma and Kazuri villages in Sabon -Birni Local Government Area and also attacked Faji, Lanjega, Kadaye, Marakwa and Garin Ahmadu villages all in Sokoto State leading to the death of 60. A statement issued in Kaduna on Thursday by the National Publicity Secretary of the ACF, Emmanuel Yawe, called on the Federal Government to hasten to deploy massive security assistance to Sokoto as it has done to the other states. ACF called on security agencies to collaborate in the fight against banditry, saying that Sokoto has hitherto been relatively peaceful despite being surrounded by Zamfara and Katsina. The statement explained that the forum received the disturbing reports on increasing deadly attacks on some communities in Sokoto by bandits with heavy heart. The forum said it is uncalled for the most recent reports on Wednesday the attack on Garki, Kutuma and Kazuri villages under Sabon Birni Local Government by the bandits, adding that the bandits also attack Faji, Lanjega, Kadaye, Marakwa and Garin Ahmadu. The reports, according to the statement, said over 60 people were killed while others were injured and rushed to the hospital while hundreds of those who survived are reported to have fled their homes for safety. “The Forum is disturbed by this wanton destruction of life and property of innocent, law-abiding citizens in Northern Nigeria,” it observed. The forum therefore condoled with those who lost their loved ones, the wounded and those who have been displaced, saying that it sympathised with the Sokoto government over the loss of her citizens. The Forum called on both the Federal, State governments and security agents to close ranks and come up with adequate security measures to protect the citizenry. It noted that for quite some time now Sokoto has remained a relatively peaceful state surrounded by massive killings in Zamfara and Katsina States. Arewa Group reacts to fresh Kaduna killing, warns bandits Arewa Consultative Forum worries over renewed Boko Haram attacks in Northern NIgeria Reps to summon IGP, security Chiefs, over Zamfara killings