Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State on Monday, declared that the state cannot at this time relax the ban on religious gatherings in the state. Makinde made this declaration while giving update on coronavirus also known as COVID-19 in the state. Makinde, while speaking on the request by some religious leaders who approached him to relax the ban on religions gatherings in the state, insisted that the state cannot at this time, relax the ban on religions gathering. He used the medium to release a food advisory, which he said experts have certified as immune boosters that could help the human body prevent attacks of COVID-19. Makinde, who doubles as Chairman of the Oyo State COVID-19, said that the food advisory was certified by Professor Olatunde Farombi, a Professor of Biochemistry and Head of Department of Biochemistry, at the University of Ibadan. “We will issue an advisory based on the advice given by Professor Olatunde Farombi, a Professor of Biochemistry and Fellow, Nigerian Academy of Science. “This is on foods and natural products useful as preventive measures against COVID-19 and other viral illnesses. For instance, we have bitter Kola, turmeric, zinc, ginger, garlic, citrus fruits and bitter leaf -“they are all readily available in our environment.” “Regarding our directives on social distancing during this pandemic, we have received requests from religious leaders about relaxing the ban on gatherings to allow religious services to hold. “We are currently in the accelerated phase in the transmission of COVID-19 in Oyo State and the expert advice is that transmission occurs more easily in enclosed spaces, so we cannot at this time relax this directive. “However, the experts are carrying out a risk situation analysis and would be sending in their reports before the end of May, and this will determine our next steps”. COVID-19: Oyo State discharges three more patients, has only six active cases - Makinde COVID-19: Makinde places ban on religious services, weddings, gatherings of over 30 people Covid-19: Makinde orders civil, public servants to stay off work