The Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, and former Governor of Bayelsa State, Chief Timipre Sylva, has called on major stakeholders, party faithful and other supporters of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in the state, not to allow the party to be destroyed by the Supreme court judgment that sacked its governorship candidate. Sylva, who described the judgment as an unfortunate incident, said the party must survive the hit, reinvent and reposition themselves for the great task of transforming Bayelsa State for the good of all its people and residents. The leader of the party in the state who appears to be addressing party members publicly for the first since the shock loss at the Supreme court advised them to remain strong and steadfast. He gave the charge in a statement, signed and issued on Monday to DAILY POST by the APC State Publicity Secretary, Mr. Doifie Buokoribo. The statement quoted Sylva as saying “despite the troubling times in which we are all living in, APC members and supporters in the state must not lose hope”. However, the party cannot allow itself to be destroyed by that unfortunate incident. It must survive it, reinvent and reposition itself for the great task of transforming Bayelsa State for the good of all its people and residents. The minister observed that APC’s commanding victory in the November 16, 2019 Governorship election that was voided by the Supreme Court of Nigeria on 13 February 2020 still hurts deeply. According to Sylva, APC remains the strongest party in the state and the country. He implored people of the state to remain committed to the party and its next level agenda of social and economic betterment. Similarly, the party leader voiced his concern over the pains that the people are passing through in the season of COVID-19 pandemic. “We are all in this together. I share your pains”, Sylva said. He praised all frontline health workers for their huge sacrifices in the service of humanity and expressed optimism that like all previous pandemics; COVID-19 too would be history soon. Bayelsa: APC declares Diri illegitimate, give reasons David Lyon's sack: APC candidate on verge of committing suicide - Timipre Silva cries out Supreme Court ruling: Sylva breaks silence, assures Bayelsans of reclaiming stolen mandate