Unknown gunmen on Wednesday killed two members of a vigilante group in Okpanam community, Asaba, Delta State. The Spokesperson of the Police Command in Delta, DSP Onome Onovwakpoyeya, who confirmed the incident to newsmen on Thursday said the vigilante members were killed by the kidnappers because they were not properly armed. He said “The information we got is that someone was kidnapped, and the vigilante group in Okpanam were alerted and they pursued the kidnappers. “But because they were not armed, the kidnappers laid an ambush for them and shot two of them dead.” NAN reports that the youth leader in Okpanam, Mr. Cyril Nwokoro, who spoke to newsmen said the killers laid an ambush for the deceased and they fell for it without knowing. He said “One of our dependable vigilantes, popularly called Emeka Chosen, received a call at about 9. 25 p.m. last night that someone had been kidnapped. “So, following the call, he mobilised and took two other vigilante members along with him and they went there on a motorcycle. “When they got to the area, the bush path behind Customs checkpoint, along the Asaba-Benin expressway, unknown to them, the killers laid ambush for them. “As they rode into the bush path, the gunmen shot at them, and the bullet hit Emeka and one of his colleagues on the bike, while the bike rider managed to crawl into the bush. “It was the bike rider who also sustained a bullet wound that managed to make an emergency call to other vigilante members that same night. ”Their corpses have been retrieved and deposited at a morgue.” Alleged robbery: Vigilante group kill member Gunmen kidnap Anglican priest in Delta Police kill notorious kidnapper, arrest another in Katsina These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More