England and Watford defender, Adrian Mariappa, has revealed that he tested positive for the deadly coronavirus disease. Mariappa while confirming he contracted the virus, said he is yet to figure out how he got it after barely leaving the house during the lockdown. He said, “Ever since I got my positive result back on Tuesday, I have been scratching my head to try to work out how I might have got coronavirus. ”It was a big surprise because I haven’t really left the house, apart from some exercise and the odd walk with the kids. I have mainly just been homeschooling and keeping fit. ”My lifestyle is very quiet, certainly no parties or going out or anything, so I really don’t know how I got it. “Like most people, we have been having more deliveries of food and things, so maybe that’s one way, and my partner has been to the supermarket a few times. “The club doctor called to tell me and, to be honest, I did ask whether it could be 100 per cent accurate or whether my results could have got muddled up. “Maybe if I had been displaying any symptoms then it might have made sense but in my head it wasn’t adding up. ”But I have not had any symptoms and I’ve felt as fit as ever, probably fitter because I’ve been working really hard. “I have been following my training programme and I’ve not felt out of breath or ill, or anything. ”We have been fully monitored the whole time and the club have been able to track our distances and things. ” l have been really excelling in all of that and feeling great. ”It’s quite scary how you can feel absolutely fine and not really have left the house, and yet still get the virus. “ If it wasn’t for the fact I had gone back to training and had this test, then I’d never have found out that I had the virus and I would just be getting on with things as normal. That’s obviously quite a strange thought.” Recall that the English Premier League, EPL, had announced that six people have tested positive for the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) from three clubs after the first phase of mass testing.