A man identified as Chigozie Ndubusi Kizzito has been arrested by the Anambra State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps, NSCDC for allegedly defrauding a German woman, Ms Oyeleke Patricia Magdalena of €10,000. DAILY POST gathered that 29-year old Kizzito met the German lady on a dating site and she subsequently fell in love with him and started lavishing money on him. The spokesperson of NSCDC in Anambra, ASC Edwin Okadigbo who disclosed this in a press statement to DAILY POST in Awka said the suspect has owned up to the crime On how the suspect was arrested, Okadigbo said, “Recall On the 29/4/2020 at about 1:pm, following a complaint by Barrister Jideofor Chinwuba Esq on behalf of his client, Ms Oyeleke Patricia Magdalena ‘F’ a German on the alleged internet-related fraud. “NSCDC operatives through surveillance arrested one Chigozie Ndubusi Kizzito ‘m’ aged 29years from Ndibeokwu Mmuo in Ndi Ejezie Kindred, Arondizuogu in Ideato North LGA of Imo State. “Preliminary investigations, however, reveal that the suspect allegedly met the victim in August 2019 on a dating site, where a supposed relationship was consummated and from November 2019 till March 2020 defrauded the victim of 10,000 Euros. “Suspect has equally made a voluntary confessional statement to the NSCDC.” He added that officials of NSCDC were able to find exhibits showing that he extorted the German. Some of the exhibits recovered he listed to include; financial transaction details of monies transferred to him by the victim, and a copy of a letter purportedly written to the German Embassy, in which he protested his visa denial by the embassy. Okadigbo said, “Case is under investigation after which the suspect would be handed over to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for further investigation and prosecution.” NSCDC: Woman arrested for human trafficking in Anambra Vandal arrested for stealing roofing frames of new Anambra govt house NSCDC discovers Indian hemp farm in school compound in Anambra These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More