The Yobe State Government through the COVID-19 Prevention and Control Committee has placed a curfew throughout the state to prevent further spread of coronavirus. The curfew, which commenced from 8 pm-6 am from Monday, May 4, 2020, was in pursuant to the presidential directive to that effect. This was announced during the committee’s meeting held in Damaturu today. The meeting was chaired by its Chairman who is also the Yobe State Deputy Governor, Idi Bards Gubana. Gubana explained that as the challenge of COVID-19 was persisting with worrisome indices, more measures have been taken at the federal and state levels of governments to prevent the worse scenario. According to Gubana, all existing and new measures put in place by the committee to avert further spread of Coronavirus in the state are still in force, hence must be respected by all and sundry. During the curfew hours, the committee chairman, noted that health personnel on duty, security operatives, media workers as well as other public servants who provide essential services are exempted. “The directive on restriction of movement also excludes all civil servants on grade level 14 and above who are not covered by the existing stay at home order but must wear face masks in work and other public places. “All public officers who travelled out of state on non-official duties would be quarantined for two weeks as well as visitors that come in to the state or on transit. “The meeting also resolved and adopted that all filling stations, shopping complex and roadside shops must provide hand washing facilities at their premises,” Gubana said. The chairman, therefore, called on all law-abiding citizens of the state to cooperate and adhere to all measures being put in place for the protection of their lives and that of the public. He maintained that, “Social distancing, wearing of face masks, frequent hand washing, self-hygiene, good respiratory etiquette, stay at home and report any symptoms to health personnel would greatly assist in curtaining the spread of COVID-19”. Meanwhile, Yobe State Police Command said it officers and men would commence the enforcement of restriction of movement and social gathering directive in all 17 local government areas of the state. The state police PRO, ASP Dungus Abdulkarim in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Monday, said there will be overnight curfew, which commenced from 8pm to 6am daily with effect from today 04th May, 2020. “Furthermore, the boundaries/border closure with other states will be sustained until further notice with the exception of person(s) foodstuffs, pharmaceuticals and items under exemption. Any person(s) found in the street in violation of the curfew will be arrested and prosecuted. “This is based on the federal Government orders announced on 27th April, 2020 and the resolution passed by the Yobe State committee on the fight against COVID-19, today 04th May, 2020. This comes as a result of the growing number of infected persons with the virus in the state,” he noted.