A Bill for the establishment of Federal College of Education, Okemesi Ekiti, Ekiti West Local Government Area of Ekiti State has passed the first reading in the House of Representatives. The Bill, which was sponsored by Hon. Oluwole Oke, representing Obokun/Oriade federal constituency of Osun State under the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) was read in the House of Representatives for the first time on Thursday, 28 May 2020. It is for “an Act to amend the Federal Colleges of Education Act Cap. F8, LFN, 2004 by establishing the Federal College of Education, Oke Imesi Ekiti, Ekiti State and for other related matters.” The bill is to be cited as Federal College of Education, Oke Imesi Ekiti Bill, 2020. It was submitted to the Clerk of the House on May 27, 2020, and has been slated for a second reading after which it will be sent to the House Committee on Education. Giving reasons for sponsoring the bill, Esa Oke from Osun State, who is also the Chairman of the House Committee on Public Procurement, said “Okemesi Ekiti shares boundary with Okemesi Obokun and Oriade Local Governments in Osun State, which is my constituency and a Federal College of Education in the town will be of immense benefit to my people. “Most importantly, my grandmother is from Okemesi Ekiti, and since Osun State is a beneficiary of the six new Colleges of Education to be established by the Federal Government, it behoves on me to sponsor the bill to have a new one in my maternal town of Okemesi Ekiti. “This is more so that Osun State cannot have two and it is only Ekiti State that does not have a Federal College of Education in the entire South West.” Hon. Oke called his colleagues in the House, especially those from Ekiti State as well as the State Government to lend support to ensure the passage of the Bill and the establishment of the College by the federal government. Why National Assembly won't scrap FERMA - Federal lawmaker Ekiti slashes 2020 budget, suspends four Kingmakers Ekiti LG poll witnesses low turnout as Speaker backs e-voting