The Deputy Senate Majority Leader, Prof Ajayi Boroffice who is representing Ondo North Senatorial District at the red chamber of the National Assembly has kicked against the emergence Olusola Oke as the consensus candidate of the Unity Forum, a group within the Ondo State chapter of the All Progressives Congress, APC. Prof Boroffice who was reacting to the announcement on the choice of Oke by the Chairman of Unity Forum, Alhaji Ali Olanusi on Tuesday said the group was yet to adopt a consensus candidate. Recall that DAILY POST reported that Olanusi who was a former Deputy Governor in the state announced Oke as the group’s consensus candidate billed to contest the APC’s governorship ticket with Governor Akeredolu. While urging the governorship aspirants within the group to start preparations for the “direct primaries of the All Progressives Congress in Ondo State”, Boroffice emphasized that the criteria for adopting a consensus candidate were not met by the group, Boroffice emphasized that “the fact is that Unity Forum has no consensus candidate. This fact is premised on two fundamental reasons. “Firstly, the political tendencies in the Unity Forum could not agree on critical processes that could have led to the adoption of a consensus candidate. For instance, while some members opted for zoning, some members disagreed. Recently, aspirants participated in a zoning process and a majority agreed that Ondo North senatorial district should produce the consensus candidate. “Secondly, when the idea of consensus candidacy was mooted, the understanding was that all seven members of the Gubernatorial Candidate Selection Committee must unanimously agree on a consensus candidate. That condition has not been met. “Therefore, it is the consensus opinion of the majority of leaders and members of Unity Forum in Ondo North senatorial district and other parts of Ondo State that Unity Forum is yet to present a consensus candidate.” Also, the secretary of the committee saddled with the responsibility of screening and picking a consensus candidate for the group, Prof Sola Ehindero has distanced himself from the adoption of Oke’s candidature. According to Prof. Ehindero, Olanusi has no authority to declare candidacy for the group adding that the report did not “emanate from the accredited secretary’s office nor does it reflect the true deliberations and conclusion of the members of the screening committee. “I wish to call the attention of all members of the Forum in particular and the public at large to the following(1) H.E. Ali Olanusi is NOT appropriately qualified and morally empowered to issue any report on the committee’s deliberations mainly because he is currently a principal suspect in a bribery allegation related to the integrity and credibility of the report of the screening committee. “The report is, in essence, a sponsored, compromised and fraudulent negotiated document to weaken the Unity Forum and pave the way for a WEAK candidate who can collaborate with the present administration in the state to tactically facilitate the resuscitation and emergency of the PDP preparatory to the surrender of the APC administration to the PDP in Ondo state through a previously negotiated agreement.” Similarly, the duo Jimmy Odimayo and Prince Dapo Adelegan who are both aspirants within the forum have also denied the purported endorsement in separate statements issued on Tuesday. Odimayo said “I did not agree to any endorsement and there was no decision according to the Secretary of the committee that anyone has been adopted. So the report of the endorsement is fraudulent” while Adelegan stated that “I was not a party to any meeting or decision process to announce a consensus candidate. “To the best of our understanding, the other aspirants are still discussing amongst themselves on the possibility of a consensus candidate.” Ondo 2020: APC's 'Unity Forum' adopts Olusola Oke as consensus candidate, vows to unseat Akeredolu Ondo 2020: Boroffice speaks on supporting Akeredolu's second term bid Ondo: Akeredolu gets warning over deputy gov Ajayi as group makes revealations