Pastor Chris Oyakhilome’s LoveWorld Television has been sanctioned by Ofcom, the United Kingdom’s communications regulator. The Christian network was sanctioned for airing the pastor’s “potentially harmful statements” about the coronavirus pandemic. In a statement on Monday, the regulator said the programmes aired in early April by Oyakhilome’s LoveWorld perpetuated baseless conspiracy that the COVID-19 is linked to the roll-out of 5G phone networks and insinuations of a “global coverup.” Recall that Oyakhilome had insisted that the 5G network is the real cause of sickness and death around the world and not Coronavirus. Before that, DAILY POST reported that the cleric had claimed earlier that the 5G was part of the new world order where some figures of authority in the world were trying to build a religion, economy and government for the entire universe. Quoting Revelation Chapter 13, he said there is no need for a vaccine, adding that these are part of the Antichrist’s plan for a new world order. Ofcom further said the LoveWorld programme also echoed claims from President Donald Trump of the United States that an anti-malaria drug, hydroxychloroquine, was a cure for the virus. “LoveWorld News featured potentially harmful statements about the coronavirus pandemic and adequate protection was not provided to viewers,” the statement from Ofcom said. “We have imposed a sanction on the broadcaster, requiring it to broadcast statements of our findings. We are considering whether to impose any further sanction,” the statement added. The Loveworld Ministries, also known as Christ Embassy, is based in Lagos, Nigeria but has operations in several countries across the world, including the United States and the United Kingdom. Christ Embassy has at least 90 branches in the United Kingdom and an estimated 13 million followers around the world. COVID-19: 5G is not anti-christ- Pastor Ashimolowo counters Chris Oyakhilome [VIDEO] COVID-19: I insist 5G is dangerous, why other pastors can't see my reasons - Chris Oyakhilome [VIDEO] COVID-19: Pastor Chris says 5G killing people, reveals why Buhari shut down Abuja, Lagos [VIDEO]