The Federal Medical Center Abeokuta Nurse who tested positive for the novel coronavirus has now tested negative. DAILY POST reports that the nurse was admitted at the Ogun State Isolation Centre, Ikenne. The Head, Public Relations Unit, FMC Abeokuta, Segun Orisajo, confirmed to DAILY POST that the unnamed nurse was discharged on Saturday after testing negative twice. “The nurse was discharged a few moments ago after two of her samples returned negative. “She was admitted into the Centre about two weeks ago,” Orisajo said in a statement. Speaking further, Orisajo said the highly elated nurse could not hide her joy. In a telephone interview with him, Orisajo quoted the nurse as saying: “Yes, I have been discharged. I am presently on my way home having tested negative twice for the COVID-19.” The nurse, it was learnt, expressed gratitude to the Medical Director, the entire management staff, Head of Nursing, all the unions, and the entire staff, saying: “I am happy to be discharged from this place. “I thank my Medical Director, my HOD, HCS, Director of Admin, indeed every one too numerous to mention. “Everyone showed genuine concern for me while I was here. I thanked them all for the rare show of love, concern, care and prayers. God bless you all.” Meanwhile, the Medical Director, FMC Abeokuta, Prof. Adewale Musa-Olomu, has expressed gratitude to God, describing the incident as an answer to prayers. “This is another cheery development, coming barely a week after one of our staff was discharged from the isolation Centre,” he stated. Musa-Olomu appealed to members of staff to continue to have faith in the present administration in the centre for its genuine concern for their general welfare. DAILY POST recalls that an administrative staff of the hospital was, earlier in the week, discharged from the isolation centre. The Ogun FMC, on May 10 announced that two of its staff tested positive for COVID-19. COVID-19: Ogun FMC worker discharged from isolation centre Abeokuta: Two FMC workers, three patients test positive for COVID-19 We've released corpse of dead COVID-19 pregnant woman to her husband - Ogun FMC