Chief of the Naval Staff, Vice Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas, has approved the appointments of some senior officers in the Nigerian Navy. In a major rejig, 110 senior officers, consisting 33 Rear Admirals and 77 Commodores, were appointed or deployed. The announcement was made on Thursday. It was contained in a statement by Navy spokesman, Commodore Suleman Dahun. Former Director of Plans Defence Headquarters, Rear Admiral Obi Ofodile, has been reappointed to Defence Headquarters as Chief of Defence Administration, while Rear Admiral Matthew Emuekpere, formerly Deputy Commandant Armed Forces Command and Staff College Jaji, moves to Naval Headquarters as Chief of Naval Transformation. The ex-Directing Staff at National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies (NIPSS), Kuru, Jos, Rear Admiral Ahamefule Eluwa, resumes as Admiral Superintendent Naval Doctrine and Assessment Centre. Rear Admiral Vincent Okeke, former Commander Nigerian Navy Ship (NNS) VICTORY has been appointed Defence Headquarters as Director of Education. Rear Admiral Segun Adebari has been posted to Defence Headquarters as Director of Plans from Nigerian Navy Holdings Limited. Rear Admiral Abubakar Al-Hassan, formerly Director of Development Defence Headquarters has been appointed as Admiral Superintendent Naval Ordnance Depot, while Rear Admiral Francis Isaac is the new Navy Secretary at Naval Headquarters. Former Admiral Superintendent Naval Ordnance Depot, Rear Admiral Abdullahi Adamu, moves to Defence Headquarters as Director of Search and Rescue. Rear Admiral Ifeola Mohammed is the new Chief of Policy and Plans Naval Headquarters. Rear Admiral Maurice Eno, ex-Admiral Superintendent Naval Doctrine and Assessment Centre, has been posted to Defence Headquarters as Director of Development. Lawan Adams, a Surgeon Rear Admiral, is now the new Director Medical Services of the Nigerian Navy, while Rear Admiral Abraham Adaji, ex-Director of Training Naval Headquarters, resumes as Group Managing Director of Nigerian Navy Holdings Limited. Rear Admiral Elkanah Jaiyeola, ex-Fleet Commander Headquarters Western Fleet has been appointed as Moderator at NIPSS, Kuru, Jos. Rear Admiral Frederick Ogu, ex-Navy Secretary Naval Headquarters, is the new Flag Officer Commanding Naval Training Command. Former Fleet Commander Eastern Fleet, Rear Admiral Baribuma Kole, is now the Director of Foreign Liaison Desk at Naval Headquarters. Rear Admiral Ibikunle Olaiya, the immediate past Director of Operations Naval Headquarters, is the new Chief of Training and Operations Naval Headquarters, while Rear Admiral Othaniel Filafa moves to Naval Headquarters as Director of Veteran Affairs. However, Rear Admiral Akinga Ayafa has been reappointed Director Recruitment, Release and Reserve at Naval Headquarters, while Rear Admiral Nuhu Bala resumes at Naval Headquarters as Director of Transformation. Rear Admiral Barabutemegha Gbassa, formerly the Chief Staff Officer Headquarters Logistics Command has been posted to Defence Headquarters as Director of Project Monitoring. Ex-Director of Project Implementation, Monitoring and Evaluation Directorate at Naval Headquarters, Rear Admiral Sileranda Lassa, is the new Flag Officer Commanding Logistics Command. Rear Admiral Danjuma Moses is the new Fleet Commander Headquarters Western Fleet while Rear Admiral Muhammad Nagenu is now the Director Project Implementation, Monitoring and Evaluation Directorate at Naval Headquarters. Rear Admiral Yakubu Wambai from Defence Headquarters resumes at the Naval Headquarters as Director of Training. Rear Admiral Emmanuel Beckley has been reappointed Director Combat Policy and Tactics at Naval Headquarters. Rear Admiral Perry Onwuzulike resumes as the Fleet Commander Headquarters Eastern Fleet while Rear Admiral Murtala Bashir, formerly the Chief Staff Officer, Headquarters Western Naval Command, moves to Naval Headquarters as Director of Operations. The new Chief Staff Officer, Headquarters Western Naval Command, is Rear Admiral Tanko Pani, while Rear Admiral Chukwu Okafor has been reappointed Naval Headquarters as the Hydrographer of the Nigerian Navy. Rear Admiral Ibrahim Dewu, formerly Commander NNS DELTA resumes as Managing Director Nigerian Navy Hotel and Suites Limited, while Rear Admiral Monday Unurhiere, the immediate past Commander NNS JUBILEE becomes the Deputy Commandant Armed Forces Command and Staff College, Jaji. Rear Admiral Joseph Akpan, the former Commandant Nigerian Naval College, Onne, resumes at Naval Headquarters (Naval Safety and Standards) as Director Records Return and Analysis. Rear Admiral Olumuyiwa Olotu who was Commander NNS LUGARD, is the new Chief Staff Officer Headquarters Logistics Command. All postings and appointments are with immediate effect. The Nigerian Navy recently rescued a Chinese vessel. Nigeria’s Defence Headquarters said the incident occured on May 15. Pirates stormed the vessel, MV HAILUFANG II, off the Coast of Cote D’Ivoire and held everyone hostage. On board were 18 crew members comprising Chinese, Ghanaian and Ivorian. The attackers then directed the ship towards Nigerian waters. The military said on interception at about 140 nautical miles south of Lagos Fairway Buoy, the outlaws refused to comply with orders. The Nigeran Navy consequently conducted an opposed boarding of the vessel. The crew were safely rescued and 10 pirates arrested. Koshoni, ex-Chief of Naval Staff is dead Naval staff boss, Ibas warns officers over connivance with criminals COVID-19: Our intensified patrols along borders, yielding results - Navy