The All Progressives Congress (APC) Professionals Forum has told civil servants and appointees of President Buhari Muhammadu in Ministries Department and Agencies (MDAs) to exhibit professional conduct. They made the call on Wednesday in reaction to the circular warning government workers to stop the leak of memos to the public. Nigeria’s Head of Civil Service, Folasade Yemi-Esan, had condemned “the recent unfortunate unauthorised disclosure of official documents”. The HoSF warned that the “irresponsible and reckless action is an act of serious misconduct, with a penalty of dismissal from service, as provided for in public service rules nos. 030401 and 030402.” In a statement by the Coordinator, Akeem Akintayo and the Secretary, Abdullahi Shuaibu, APCPF said: “ethics, unity of purpose, harmony and ideas sharing should be observed rather than public disrespect, rivalry and supremacy battle”. The party members expressed displeasure over insubordination, public disputation and divulgence of classified government documents. They noted that the exhibition of disharmonious tendencies will reverse what the government has achieved in the aspect of ease of doing business, the war against insurgency and the restoration of investor’s confidence. APCPF members reminded ministers and heads of agencies that their appointment “was a careful selection and an attestation of their ability that should be rewarded with zeal geared towards repositioning the country”. “Rivalry and leak of memos will jeopardise the protocols, processes, procedures of government business and adversely affect the execution of policies and programmes in line with the Next Level agenda of President Buhari-led Federal Government. “We urge all officials to abide by the civil service rules and channel their diverse opinions through laid-down internal procedures to achieve the common goal of delivering dividends of democracy to Nigerians”, the forum added. Nigerian officials in trouble as Buhari govt probes leakage of memos Coronavirus: Nigerian govt orders civil servants to work from home Abdulrasaq Olaosebikan: Who is leaking official documents from Abba Kyari's office