Cross River State Governor, Prof Ben Ayade, has condemned the Port Harcourt Electricity Distribution Company (PHEDC) lines, describing them as aging and weak. Governor Ayade said, “We had done a trial evacuation in the past and we were confronted with huge technical challenges such as aging and weak lines that lacked the capacity to be able to carry the full voltage that was being generated from the plant.” Speaking shortly after the inspection of the 23 megawatts Calabar power plant in Calabar, Prof Ayade said his government was waiting for Port Harcourt Electricity Distribution Company’s final nod to hook up to its distribution lines. On the readiness to hook up to national grid, Ayade said, “But as we speak today, we still have challenges with most of the lines. In some areas, the transformers are not working. Cross River State has bought over 200 transformers to support PHEDC to get them on the lines. “But as you know, once you put in a transformer it becomes property of PHEDC. So we have put in so much on public power supply without a corresponding supply of power from PHEDC. A lot of adjustments have been done, corrective actions taken and today we are also getting ready as we are expecting PHED to come and give us power outage so that we can hook up from the power plant.” Continuing, the governor assured: “Our hope is that if the test run goes smoothly, then Calabar will be enjoying 24 hours of electricity without recourse to the national grid and that will be a major milestone. This will be coming at the right time because of COVID -9 where we have reduced activities and a lot of people will be needing power to stay at home.” Expressing excitement at the realization of the project Governor Ayade offered: “I am happy and proud that indeed Cross River State is continuously leading with this special power plant that will now be delivering power to our homes.” Ijaw Youths, PHEDC face off over alleged N16.5 bn debt, shuts down operations in Bayelsa COVID-19: No free electricity yet, pay your bills - DisCo tells Nigerians Gov Ayade slams former Minister says nobody celebrated his tenure