The leaders of the Southern and Middle Belt Forum, SMBF, have expressed dismay at what they described as the complacency of the security forces over the invasion of their areas by teenagers from far Northern Nigeria hidden in containers and trailers. The SMBF noted that the invasion of their areas by the teenagers from the far north was happening in spite of the ban on interstate movements by the President, the Northern Governors’ Forum and all the governors in the South and Middle Belt. In a statement jointly signed by Chief Edwin Clark, Chief Olu Adebanjo, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, and Dr. Bitrus Porgu, on behalf of the Pan-Niger Delta Forum, PANDEF, Afenifere, Ohanaeze Ndigbo and the Middle Belt Congress, MBC, respectively, they enjoined Nigerians of Southern and Middle Belt extraction to be vigilant, and avert what it called possible spread of coronavirus in the areas by Northern elements. The forum expressed dismay at Nigeria’s security forces for alleged complicity in the act and called on people of the South to resist the temptation to accommodate the visitors in view of the dangers posed by COVID-19 pandemic. The statement alleged, “This development has brought about very strong suspicions among our people regarding the aim of the deployment of these young men. Their capacity to escape all border security checks until they reach many states in the South and Middle Belt points to a strong collaboration.” The forum noted that the development was coming after Boko Haram threatened openly three weeks ago that they were going to take their battle against Nigeria to the South-East and the South-South. The forum added that the situation was worrisome in view of the quietness of the National Security organizations, the National COVID-19 Committee and the Presidency since the story broke out. The group said, “God forbid that the Boko Haram threat is being surreptitiously executed. We will certainly not fold our arms and allow massive influx of youths who have no reason to flout extant laws on interstate movements, no pressing national engagement in our areas, no verifiable occupation, no tests for COVID-19 and no prearranged accommodation, to come and forcibly occupy our forests and perhaps prosecute the threat of Boko Haram.” The statement said the silence of the Federal Government in this situation was ominous, adding that the maneuvers appear deliberately planned and provocative. “We will resist any threats to the security of our lives and property with every amount of self help available to us,” it added. To avoid further descent into an uncontrollable situation, the forum called on the Federal Government to publicly declare the invasion illegal, direct the national security organizations to flush them out now and ensure that they do not return. Recalling that not too long ago, General T.Y. Danjuma warned Nigerians to be ready for self-help, they said, “We hope that his predictions have not become inevitable and that our nation can be saved a slide into lawlessness and its disastrous consequences.” Middle Belt Forum lament continued attacks in Benue state Plateau Crisis: MBF suggests outfit similar to Amotekun to curb bloodshed SOKAPU to El-Rufai: We've suffered greatest social disruption, economic deprivation, insecurity