Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has disclosed that the coronavirus pandemic has taught Nigeria some lessons. El-Rufai maintained that COVID-19 outbreak showed that Nigeria was on its own in resolving its challenges. He stated that the pandemic has shown that the world does not care about how Nigeria resolves its challenges. The Governor explained that the world does not care about Nigeria and Africa because its becoming nationalistic. Speaking during a webinar to mark the 63rd birthday of the Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, yesterday, El-Rufai said the pandemic had revealed the state of healthcare facilities in Nigeria. El-Rufai said government must begin to intervene in the right things. According to El-Rufai: “In my view, the lessons are that we are on our own. The rest of the world does not care. The rest of the world is becoming increasingly nationalistic. “As a state government, we are even trying to get test kits for COVID-19 because America and Europe are buying up everything. Nobody cares about Africa. “They only think of us when they want to test vaccines or when something dangerous is to be tried. So, we must be more nationalistic and try to develop our internal capacity to produce and be self-sufficient. “Look at our health care system; we are struggling to deal with this pandemic. “In our individual state, do we have a public hospital that can look after the governors? When I tested positive, I got treated by the public health system and here I am.” Meanwhile, Nigeria on Saturday night reached 9855 COVID-19 cases. This followed confirmation of 553 new COVID-19 cases by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC. In March, El-Rufai had had tested positive for COVID-19 after showing symptoms of the virus. After several weeks of treatment, the governor recovered from the virus.  Coronavirus: El-Rufai imposes stringent measures in Kaduna COVID-19: Gov. El-Rufai imposes curfew, bans weddings, religious activities in Kaduna Coronavirus: Traders comply with El-Rufai's directive, close shops as security operatives begin enforcement in Kaduna