Nigerian pastor, Adewale Giwa has urged president Muhammadu Buhari to order the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, to take coronavirus patients to states where places of worship are reopened. The cleric, who stated this in his church on Sunday, specifically told any COVID-19 patient to have faith in God. He, however, appealed to President Buhari to take the call seriously if the NCDC insists that the pandemic was still in the country. Some state governors have announced the lifting of the ban earlier placed on places of worship as a way of mitigating the spread of COVID-19. The lifting of the ban has, therefore heightened fears over breach of personal distancing requirements, even as the federal government and experts have warned state governments against relaxing restrictions and hasty reopening of worship places. However, Giwa who serves as the senior pastor of Awaiting The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ Ministry, said, ” I’m glad that some state governors in Nigeria have realized that God has a solution to every problem. “I call on other few states that are yet to reopen churches to do so. The doors of churches in Akure, and other states are now open for NCDC to bring any COVID-19 patient with faith in God. The house of God is one and Holy. “In as much as we have fake pastors, we also have fake Christians who don’t know the God they serve. “Jesus Christ heals the sick in response of faith. Our Lord would say ‘Your faith has made you well’. Today, Christians have completely lost faith because of happenings around them, these things ought not to be so. “NCDC has a budget to provide vehicles to convey covid-19 patients to different states. In my state, I call on governors Akeredolu to bring any COVID-19 patient to the house of God. “If NCDC and its cohorts are claiming that Nigeria is still among of the countries that are battling with COVID-19, I therefore advise president Buhari, NCDC to take all the patients to states where churches are open. “Statistics show that Nigeria is the most prayerful nation in the world, and there is nothing absolutely that God cannot do. “Elijah proposes a direct test of the powers of Baal and the Jewish God. The people of Israel, 450 prophets of Baal, and 400 prophets of Asherah were summoned to Mount Carmel. “An altar was built for Baal with wood on it. An ox was slaughtered and cut into pieces; the pieces were laid on the wood. “Elijah thereafter invites the priests of Baal to pray for fire to light the sacrifice. They prayed from morning till evening, there was no success. “Elijah mocks and asks them to cry aloud to their gods. Their gods failed to answer them.. “But, when Elijah calls the God of universe, God of Israel, Isaac and Abraham, He answers and fire falls from the sky and consumes the sacrifice. “What are we talking about? Only a fool that says there is no God that can still perform such miracles. “I know the God whom I serve and He is capable to heal all diseases.” Coronavirus: Buhari should probe Kyari's death - Falana attacks Nigeria's elite, NCDC Coronavirus: Buhari's daughter returns from UK, isolates self COVID-19: Pastor Adewale Giwa begs Gov. Akeredolu to open churches