Leader of Reformed Peoples Democratic Party (R-PDP) in Adamawa State, Umar Ardo, has condemned appointment of 65 special advisers and assistants by Governor Ahmadu Fintiri. Umar Ardo, one of the PDP members who contested with Fintiri for the PDP governorship ticket towards the 2019 election, formed the R-PDP after losing the PDP ticket to Fintiri, and has since been a loud critic of Fintiri who went ahead to become the governor. The Scope, an Adamawa State-owned weekly newspaper, carried an advertorial Sunday, indicating that Governor Fintiri had appointed 34 special advisers as well as 31 senior special assistants and special assistants, bringing to 65 the number of such political appointees made by the governor. Reacting to the appointments in a statement, Umar Ardo said the appointees would add no value but would only contribute to deplete state coffers. He stated, “I just sympathize with the poor masses of Adamawa State… If you go through the list, you will see it is virtually the same group of people who always depend on the state treasury for their survival that have now been brought back to come and continue what they know best – take from the state treasury without adding any value to the state!” He added that he was sad the government was making additional appointments at this crucial time of Coronavirus which is causing global economic meltdown. “When all governments across the globe are reducing sizes and profligacy; at a time when patriotic governments are sacrificing their salaries and allowances; this is the time Adamawa State government is making additional 65 political appointments in the state,” he said. In a response, the Director General on Media and Communications to the governor, Mr Solomon Kumangar, said the governor has always been prudent and resourceful and has never failed or delayed the payment of salaries, among other things. Earlier in the advertorial in the week’s edition of The Scope, the Secretary to the State Government, Bashiru Ahmad, who signed the advertorial, had said the appointments were made to reposition the government for greater performance. My friend, mentor dead - Adamawa Gov, Fintiri mourns Paul Wampana Adamawa Govt introduces exam for potential perm secs Why govt created 50 development areas - Fintiri