The Air Task Force ((ATF) of Operation Lafiya Dole (OPLD) has destroyed the logistics base of the Boko Haram/Islamic States of West Africa Province (ISWAP). The raid was conducted at Njimia on the fringes of Sambisa Forest in Borno. Coordinator, Defence Media Operations, Maj.-Gen. John Enenche, said this in a statement on Wednesday. He disclosed that the raid followed a series of Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) missions. The mission led to the identification of the nondescript cluster of structures within the settlement being used by the terrorists to house their fuel and other logistics. The ATF dispatched a ‘Force Package’ of attack aircraft and a surveillance platform to take out the target. “The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) attack assets scored accurate hits in their bombing runs on the target area, completely obliterating the logistics stores as well as causing damage to several other BHT structures in the settlement,” he said. However, troops of Combat Team 1, Operation Kantana Jimlan on patrol along Buni Yadi – Buni Gari axis encountered buried explosive devices and Boko Haram fighters. This occurred eight kilometers ahead of Buni-Gari in Gujba Local Government Area of Yobe. In the process, two soldiers lost their lives, while three others sustained injuries as a result of the IED explosion. A recovery truck, one troops-carrying vehicle and a water tanker that ran into the IED were destroyed by fire. “Three terrorists were neutralised, while an unconfirmed number escaped with various degrees of injury”, Enenche added. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More