The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has expressed shock over the death of Governor Nyesom Wike’s Special Assistant on Electronic Media, Simeon Nwakaudu. DAILY POST had reported that Nwakaudu, who hailed from Abia State, died on Sunday. The cause of his death has not been made official but it could be related to cardiac arrest. Reacting, the main opposition party said it was pained that Nwakaudu died at his prime when his skills and patriotism were still most needed. “Our hearts bleed as our nation, the media industry and indeed Rivers state, have lost one of our brightest and patriotic media professionals; a loyal compatriot, who gave his all in serving our dear nation. “Nwakaudu was a courageous and hardworking Nigerian, who dedicated his youthful life in serving our nation as an accomplished journalist, Special Assistant to Governor @GovWike during his tenure as Minister of Education and then as his Special Assistant on Electronic Media, where he contributed immensely in the implementation of Governor Wike’s vision for a New Rivers State. “Indeed, Nwakaudu’s death is a painful loss not only to Governor @GovWike and the government of Rivers state but also to our great party, the @OfficialPDPNig, the media industry and our nation, Nigeria, at large.” Wike's Special Adviser on Media, Simeon Nwakaudu is dead Nwakaudu: Gov Wike reacts to death of media aide Nigerian don, Uche Igwe consoles Wike over death of aide, Simeon Nwakaudu These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More