Some Nigerians abroad have keyed into the ongoing promo by Abuja-based real estate giants, T Pumpy Concept Limited, developers of T Pumpy Estates in the nation’s capital. This followed the lockdown in many countries due to the coronavirus pandemic. Mr. Gbenga Adewale, a London-based oil mogul, said before now, he had no apartment in Nigeria. “Before now, I didn’t even have a land in Nigeria, not to talk of a house but this period of lockdown has afforded me the opportunity to do so. ” I read about T Pumpy online and decided to check them out and to be candid, they are are doing a good job. “I have toured their lands in Guzape, Airport Road, Karashana and other parts and I was really pleased with what I saw. “I have acquired some properties for myself and my wife for her school. “I also recommended it for some of my guys abroad and they have also bought.” “Coronavirus has shown us that nowhere is immune to disaster, this has made me and my Nigerians abroad to be thinking home. T Pumpy Concept Limited has shown trustworthiness for any man to buy their products with fear.” The ongoing promo, which started January 1, was expected to end in March 31, 2020, but the management said it is extending it to May 31st due to the lockdown, which disrupted business activities last month. The estate land, which is government approved, is located along the Airport Road, Abuja. According to the CEO, Akintayo Adaralegbe, the decision to extend promo was to encourage more Nigerians to own their houses despite the challenge of the global pandemic, which has crippled economy around the globe. According to him, the land is about 650sqm for 4 or 5 bedroom duplex or penthouse or can be used for 4-bedroom standard bungalow. Explaining in detail the new development, Mr. Adaralegbe said the market value of the land if N3m, however, the company is giving out 20 percent discount, which is N600,000 and 2,020 block, which is valued at N380,000. “We decided to extend the promo because of the effect of the lockdown on the people and to give room to those who could not afford it while the offer lasted. “Total value discount is N980,000 off 3,000,000 which is 2,020,000. Pay 2,020,000 the land is yours,” he said. The T-Pumpy Concept team have decades of providing industry-acclaimed off-site home designs and constructions. Whether you’re interested in a manufactured home or an innovative modular design, the T-Pumpy Concept team continues to deliver what home buyers are looking for in their new homes along with the quality construction they expect and deserve. Corporate Office address: No. 12, Monrovia Street, Off Aminu Kano Crescent, Wuse II district, Abuja Annex House 23, (F) Road, Beside RCCG Resurrection Parish, FHA Lugbe, Abuja. Follow us on our social media platforms. Instagram: T.pumpy_estates Facebook: Tpumpy Estates YouTube : T.pumpy Estates Website: http://tpumpyconcept.com WhatsApp/call: 09054545468 or 09023333380  