The FCT Minister, Muhammad Bello Musa has announced new guidelines for easing the COVID-19 lockdown. The Minister in a statement released on Saturday by his Chief Press Secretary, Anthony Ogunleye, said that all schools in the FCT are to remain closed until further notice. The rules take effect from Monday, May 4, 2020. Part of the guidelines mandates all places of worship to remain closed until further notice; while eateries and restaurants are to open between 9am and 3pm on mostly take out services. The guidelines say ”Schools are not permitted to commence third term operations in any form until directed otherwise. ”Schools are however encouraged to continue with e-learning and virtual teachings. ”The extant directive on places of worship still subsists and they remain closed. ” All clubs, bars, gardens, beer parlors, recreational parks, communal sports facilities, movie theatres, etc in the FCT are to remain closed. ”Ban on social congregations such as parties, weddings, etc also remain in force. It said ‘Residents are once more reminded that COVID-19 can be fatal and all are advised to take all prescribed measures to avoid contracting it. Persons with underlying medical conditions especially hypertension, diabetes, asthma, and low immunity are advised to remain at home. Equally, Persons 65 years and older are also advised to remain at home. Bello also vowed to rigorously enforce the guidelines regulating the ease of the lockdown order in the FCT He said security agencies have been mandated to arrest and prosecute anyone found to be contravening any of the guidelines through the mobile courts. The Minister thanked public-spirited individuals, associations and corporate organisations for the palliatives donations. He also commended volunteers who devoted their time and resources in fighting the pandemic especially the journalists who made appearances on the various radio and television stations to educate residents of the FCT on their personal and collective responsibilities in the fight against COVID-19.