The All Progressive Congress (APC), Cross River chapter has been divided over local government elections in the State. A faction led by John Ochala has said that they have pulled out of Saturday local government elections in Cross River State describing it as ridiculous. Recall that the Cross River Independent Electoral Commission, (CROSIEC) had fixed May 30th for local government election in the eighteen local government areas of Cross River State and had asked all political parties to get set for the elections scheduled for May 30th Sadly, a faction of the APC said that they were not ready for the local government elections calling for its indefinite postponement but another faction led by Etim John said they were ready for the election. Speaking with DAILY POST via phone on Wednesday, a Chairmanship candidate in one of the factions, Hon Bassey Okon Bassey said his faction was ready for election on Saturday. “We are set for the election on Saturday, even though time is short but they cannot do without participating in the election. You know we are still observing social distancing hence; we are campaigning from house to house. “By so doing, people who like us will vote for us. APC is on the ballot and we are ready for the elections. I heard that the other faction claimed that they have pulled out but some of their members are saying they are not aware of such. ‘In fact, I am having a meeting with some executive members of the other faction, we have put our house in order with a view to ensuring that APC wins some of the local government councils in the State” Hon Bassey stated. However, John Ochala in a press statement made available to DAILY POST said that the party will not go to the polls describing it as “ridiculous. The party said that the processes leading to the conduct of the election have been met with gross irregularities and deliberate subversion of basic constitutional requirements guiding the conduct of the election. The release further noted that CROSIEC giving two to three days notice to the conduct of an election of such magnitude is irresponsible, pointing out that APC Cross River State is in Court with CROSIEC and Cross River State Government seeking to compel the State electoral body to adhere strictly to the dictates of the Constitution/Acts of the National Assembly and CROSIEC Bye-laws. John Ochala, called on APC candidates vying for different positions and supporters to remain calm and go about their normal businesses without any hindrances as the party will continue to seek redress in Court until justice prevails. Cross River: APC crisis deepens as faction plans to disrupt local government polls Cross River LG polls: APC crisis deepens as factions submit separate lists of candidates Crisis in APC takes dangerous dimension as CROSIEC rejects factional candidates