A cross section of Nigerians has reacted as President Muhammadu Buhari authorised the importation of Madagascar’s COVID-19 cure. Recall that President Buhari on Monday directed that the Madagascar’s COVID-19 solution be picked up. He, however, ordered that the products be subjected to validation process before use. The President’s move, however, has been met with stiff oppositions by Nigerians who have condemned him for not supporting herbal medicine locally. Making reference to Maurice Iwu’s claim of COVID-19 cure, some Nigerians called on Buhari to also authorize that local drugs be subjected to clinical trials too. Meanwhile, Iwu, who is the Chief Executive Officer of Bioresources Development Group has lamented that the Buhari government was yet to show interest in his COVID-19 cure. Recall that the Ooni of Ife, Oba Enitan Ogunwusi, had also attacked Nigerian government for downplaying the potency of herbal medicine suggestions in Nigeria. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Alukosamuel “What of all the herbal medicines from North, South, East and West of the only giant of Africa.” @Desmondtutu “What happened to Prof Iwu’s cure? Because he’s not a Hausa man? @Jamola19 “We have better herbal medicine that is capable of curing COVID-19 in Nigeria, let’s give it a try.” @BinDaudng “We kill the moral of our local herbalist and other innovators to patronize foreign concoction. Too bad.” @Dolamartins “If we had embraced and supported indigenous herbal practitioners’ claims on COVID-19, may be the world would have been rushing to Nigeria by now for solution. What a wasted opportunity.” @1BigSam2 “Why is Nigerian government not supporting Nigerians that claim to have possible solutions to this pandemic? The guy in Madagascar only did his findings and their govt took it from there. Boss Mustapha is busy wearing agbada and mask up and down, and Buhari is in hiding.” @MaxiOkwu “Boss Mustapha, the SGF and Head of presidential task force says they may go to Madagascar to seek the herbal cure of COVID-19. Meanwhile there is Professor Iwu with his alleged cure right in side his shokoto. Anyway, I forgot Iwu is from the 5%.” @Amgraig1 “Why should Nigeria continue asking and seeking help/support from foreign Country(s) in a thing we can get in Nigeria? Boss Mustapha should tell the President to get cure for COVID-19 here in Nigeria and not Madagascar for God’s sake. Nigerians can produce both vaccine and herbal tea.” @Foevarr “Boss Mustapha wants to import Madagascar’s herbs. What about the one produced locally by HRM, Ooni of Ife? Must we import everything?” @Abdulrahmanaleru “They should be careful of enemy of the country, that will create the fake replicate of it. I know my country people well.” Buhari issues directive on Madagascar’s COVID-19 cure Ooni of Ife blasts Nigerians as Madagascar finds coronavirus 'cure' Madagascar COVID-19 cure: Peter Obi backs Buhari govt