What seems to be an internal party crisis is about to explode in the Abia State Chapter of the All Progressives Congress(APC) following the continued outburst that trail the recent appointment of Henry Ogbulogo as member in the Board of Federal Character Commission (FCC). Ogbulogo, a graduate with a Bachelor of Arts(BA) in Linguistics from the Benue State University, hails from Isuikwuato local government area of Abia state. Recall that President Muhammadu Buhari had on Tuesday, appointed 38 persons to the board of the Federal Character Commission (FCC). The appointment was contained in a letter seeking the Senate’s approval. The letter was read by Senate President Ahmad Lawan, on the floor of the upper legislative chamber on Tuesday. Among the nominees forwarded to the Senate for confirmation included Mr. Henry Ogbulogo. The Senate had on February 25 urged President Buhari to reconstitute boards of the Federal Character Commission (FCC) with immediate effect. However, the All Progressives Congress(APC) leadership in Abia State announced it’s rejection of Mr. Henry Ogbulogo as a nominee to represent Abia in the Board. The Abia APC made its position known in a release signed by its State Publicity Secretary, Comrade Benedict Godson, and issued to newsmen in Umuahia, on Thursday. According to the party, the appointment of Ogbulogo amounted to a loss of opportunity and a massive disservice to committed, qualified and loyal members of the APC. On his part, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress(APC) and the Chairman of Isuikwuato Local Government area chapter of Abia State, Royal Oliver Okereke, berated the call by party leaders for the withdrawal of the name of Mr. Henry Ogbulogo as Abia representative in the board of the Federal Character Commission(FCC). Royal Okereke, in a statement made available to journalists in Umuahia on Friday, described Ogbulogo’s appointment as auspicious and expressed gratitude to President Muhammadu Buhari over the appointment of an Abia son, Hon. Henry Ogbulogo into the board of Federal Character Commission (FCC). He also poured words of gratitude to the Minister of States for Mines and Steel Development, Dr. Uche Ogah whom he said has been at the forefront of making things better for the people. Parts of the statement read, “We heartily thank His Excellency President Muhammadu Buhari for deeming fit and finding our illustrious son Hon Henry Ogbulogo trust and worthy to be appointed as a member of the federal character commission Abuja Nigeria. “We also use this wonderful opportunity to express our profound gratitude to all those who made it possible for this rare appointment of particular mention is our able and capable illustrious son Dr. Uchechukwu Sampson Ogah, Honourable Minister of State Mines and Steel Development who has been at the forefront of making things better for our people. “As we congratulate ourselves for this auspicious appointment we hereby ask for the solidarity of our APC members to keep on supporting the party while we pray God Almighty to gracefully meet all of us at the points of our need”, he added. Meanwhile, some stakeholders of the APC has called out Donatus Nwankpa-led Abia State Working Committee(SWC) over its alleged silence in matters relating to the draconian policies of Governor Okezie Ikpeazu, citing the COVID-19 lockdown, where he claimed, the State government has worsened the sufferings of Abia populace for allegedly mismanaging the palliative cares aimed at cushioning harsh effect of the lockdown. The concerned APC stakeholders, who spoke through a statement by Felix Ndubusi, on Friday, recalled the woeful failures recorded during the last 2019 general elections. They called for the restructuring of the party as well as extending its disciplinary action against moles turned APC members to enable the party to emerge victorious in future elections.