A suspected cult member has allegedly been gunned down at Duncan Street, off Edibe Edibe Street in Calabar South local government area of Cross River State. An eyewitness, who declined giving his names, said that a large number of suspected cult members were seen moving into a compound along Duncan Street. “This occurred around 7pm on Saturday and people in the environment ran for their safety. Some shops and eating houses were forced to close abruptly. In fact, people were forced to go to bed before 8pm. “In the process, two cult groups, Klans and Axe clashed and one person was allegedly gunned down, but the victim was taken away by his members before Police arrived,” the eyewitness said. Another source said that the clash between the two cult groups was as a result of the burial of one of the cult members at the Hawkins Street Cemetery on Saturday. “What I heard was that during the burial of one of the alleged cult members who was a former member of the Bakassi Strike Force, his colleagues shot guns as part of the last honour for him. This may have attracted the rival cult group to attack them but it was yet to be confirmed,” he stated. When DAILY POST contacted the Special Adviser to the Governor Ben Ayade on Security, South South, Ani Esin, he condemned the clash. “Yesterday, Saturday, at about 7pm, I got a call from a neighbourhood, that a group of people were seen moving towards a particular compound a long Duncan Street, off Edibe Edibe in Calabar South local government area of Cross River State. “That they were walking in a terrible manner and I quickly called two divisions, Mbukpa and Atakpa of the Nigeria Police within the proximity and also put a call to combined squad known as Operation Skolombo. “Unfortunately, the security operatives did not arrive on time and somebody was hacked down” he said, adding, “nobody was arrested but we are trailing them” He explained that the renew cult clash was between Klans and Axe. “Before we got there, their members left him, so we could ascertain whether he survived it or not,” he said.