The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Thursday, insisted that the presidency succumbed to pressure by its leader, Nnamdi Kanu by admitting that President Muhammadu Buhari’s recent nationwide addresses were recorded. Buhari had on three occasions in the past month addressed Nigerians on the issues of lockdown. But, Kanu had described the said live broadcasts by Buhari as fake, stressing that the president’s addresses were all recorded. Kanu’s claim had drawn mixed reactions from Nigerians, as most were insisting the president hold an interactive session. However, the presidency finally succumbed to the pressure, admitting that Buhari’s speech was recorded. Buhari’s Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina in an interview had admitted that the president’s broadcasts with regards to COVID-19 lockdown extension were recorded. Adesina admitted to the claim while explaining that one of the president’s speeches was leaked ahead of a scheduled braodcast. Reacting, IPOB in a statement by its spokesperson, Emma Powerful said Adesina by the remark confirmed Kanu’s claim. Powerful stated this in a statement issued on Thursday entitled: “Femi Adesina succumbs to Mazi Nnamdi Kanu’s heat, admits acclaimed live broadcasts of President Buhari were truly not live but recorded.” IPOB said Adesina’s admittance was an indication that its being long Buhari addresses Nigerians live. The group insisted that Buhari and his presidency had always deceived Nigerians by sticking “live” to pre-recorded speeches. The statement reads: “When Mazi Nnamdi Kanu said, those presumed #LiveBroadcasts by Nigeria’s ‘President Buhari’ were fake, Nigerians waved him aside. He continued to hit his words with facts upon facts. “Rather than slow down as he was being attacked for causing unnecessary tension, in his nature he increased the volume. “Today, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has again been VINDICATED as always. Truly the man behind the Camera supposedly in Aso Rock have never addressed Nigerians LIVE but on every occasion that they tried to use the Nigeria Television Authority -NTA and Channels Television to paint it Live. NTA and Channels TV on each occasion edited the prerecorded speech and wrote LIVE on their TV screen to deceive over 200million people in Nigeria. “Femi Adesina, the presidential aide to President Buhari can no longer stand the heat generated by Nnamdi Kanu and IPOB, he has been deflated and defeated. His lies have been laid bare and his fellow Nigerians are now asking him questions. He has no option but to shamefully admit the truth because more Nigerians are listening to Nnamdi Kanu day by day. “Femi Adesina has finally succumbed to the fact that all the three last Broadcasts were pre-recorded and not live. COVID-19: Buhari's nationwide broadcast was not done in Nigeria - Nnamdi Kanu alleges Buhari: Nnamdi Kanu should be arrested, taken to psychiatric home for psychological test - Arewa youths COVID-19: How Abba Kyari's ailment exposed 'Jubril Al-Sudani' - Nnamdi Kanu