The Department of State Security, DSS, has apprehended the Kidnapper of the 3-year -old grandson of Islamic Scholar Dahiru Bauchi and recovered both the boy and the Ransom in less than a week. The 3-year old was kidnapped on Eid Day of 22 May 2020, at the residence of Dahiru Bauchi by 27-year-old Umar Ahmad. Speaking, the Director Kano DSS office, Muhammad Alhassan said the arrests were made after the State Police Commissioner Mr Habu Sani tipped them of the criminal acts and through joint Intelligence networking they got the Culprit in Kano. Alhassan noted that the kidnapper, Umar Ahmad who requested N10 million ransom initially decided to reduce it to N6 million but had already received N2.5 million through a bank account. “We swung into action after our intelligence gathering uncovered the hideout of the kidnapper at Liberty Hotel room 37 Sabin Gari Abba Road”. He added, ” as we raided the hotel we recovered the kidnapped Boy who is healthy and arrested the kidnapper Umar Ahmad, and the money which we withdrew from his bank account”. The DSS Chief in Kano noted that Umar confessed to the crime using Dahiru Bauchi’s preaching ground as a cover since the beginning of the Fasting period. “It was then he now got acquainted with everybody in the Sheik’s house and studied who to kidnap to get a quick ransom and picked the Islamic Scholar grandchild”, the Director added. He said both the kidnapper and the victim are in good health while plans have been concluded to hand him over to the Police who gave the hints of the kidnapping. The kidnapper, Umar Ahmad, who confessed to the crime said he was at the Sheik’s house for almost one month and decided to return home but without any tangible job to do. ” I got to know everyone at the Sheik’s house for staying long in the place and also getting closer with virtually everybody, I decided to pick the boy so I can get some money to start a business with”, he explained. 6 kidnappers arrested, 11 others surrender in Adamawa Bauchi: Police arrest Suspected killers of secondary school student We paid N50m to kidnappers for my release - Bauchi governor's brother