The Kaduna State Government on Sunday evening, said it welcomed the intensification of military operations against bandits in the State. A statement by the state Commissioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs said, the combined military teams of Operation Thunder Strike, Operation Whirl Punch and Nigerian Air Force’s Operation Gama Aiki, comprising units from the Nigerian Air Force and Nigerian Army, are presently carrying out joint operations against armed bandits in Chikun, Igabi, Giwa and Birnin Gwari local government areas and other locations in the State. According to the statement, the Nigerian Air Force in particular, using their platforms on Thursday and Friday, successfully neutralized many bandits in Chikun local government while working on other targets. The statement further explained that the Kaduna State Government is thankful to the Nigerian military for the successful operations and looks forward to the eradication of the bandits who pose a major threat to farmers in rural settlements all across the state. “These successes achieved by the military will help boost the confidence of farmers to till their land and avert the peril of food insecurity and impoverishment of citizens that the impunity of the bandits may unleash. “The State Government has been briefed that many bandits have been neutralized during the operations, with several sustaining varying degrees of injuries.” The statement said According to the statement, “During operations against bandits in a nearby location last Thursday, ammunition aimed at the criminals partly damaged an Assemblies of God Church building in Kabarasha Village in Chikun local government. No civilian casualty was recorded in the incidence. “The Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai has directed the Commissioner of Internal Security and Home Affairs to assess the situation and present a report so that the damage to the church can be repaired. “The Commissioner and his team are engaging critical stakeholders on the matter and will soon report progress to the Governor.” The statement added. Kaduna seeks army's support to combat banditry in state 100 unrepentant bandits killed in Zamfara Gunmen kill 30 in Kaduna villages