The committee tasked to investigate alleged mysterious deaths in Hadejia local government of Jigawa State has disclosed that the deaths are not related to COVID-19. DAILY POST had reported that residents of Hadejia local government raised alarm over mysterious deaths recorded within fourteen days. This prompted government to constitute a committee to investigate the cause of the death. While revealing the committee’s findings to DAILY POST, Chairman of the committee, Dr Mahmud Abdulwahab said grave count in the two cemeteries in the local council showed that 92 corpses were buried within eight days. He explained that in the last seven days, Hadejia General hospital recorded 46 deaths, while the community recorded 44 deaths. The Committee revealed that majority of the deceased were males, 73% , while 23% were females. “Most of the deaths took place at home- 59%, while only 41% took place at the general hospital, whereas majority which is 74% of the deceased were above 60 years, 15% were between 40years to 60years. “All of the deceased persons who were investigated had pre-existing diseases like stroke, diabetes, dementia, liver diseases or musculoskeletal diseases and none of the deceased had travel history outside Hadejia local government in a month prior to the death and none had history of contact with either a confirmed or suspected case of COVID-19. “Only one person out of those investigated persons had fever, cough, and difficulty in breathing and diarrhea in the week leading to his death and also died at home and his family members are already in isolation,” the report said. Meanwhile, the State Government has called on the people of Hadejia local government to stay calm and continue to practice social distancing and practice personal hygiene. COVID-19: Nigerians react as Jigawa records 100 mysterious deaths Over 165 people reportedly die mysteriously within six days in Yobe COVID-19: Anxiety in Jigawa as over 100 persons die mysteriously These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More