The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Tuesday arraigned Victor Anasiudu and Olaoye Olanrenwaju Daniel over alleged conspiracy, money laundering and obtaining N3,380,000.00 under false pretence. The duo were made to appear before Justice E.A.Obile of the Federal High Court, Port Harcourt, Rivers State. DAILY POST learnt that the defendants were arrested by the EFCC following a petition in which it was alleged that sometime in 2019, the defendants approached their victim with a business proposal to supply them 20 pieces of tricycle (Keke NAPEP) and promised to pay him in cash which he reportedly agreed to. EFCC spokesman, Dele Oyewale said this in a statement to newsmen in Abuja. He added, “The defendants with time called the victim and informed him that the money will be conveyed in a refrigerator through a vehicle coming to Port Harcourt. The victim was later called again and told that he should send N2,000,000.00 (Two Million Naira) which will be used to bribe Nigerian Customs Service officers, whom they claimed were apprehended them on their way to Port Harcourt which he did”. One of the charges reads: “That you Victor Anasiudu, Olaoye Olanrenwaju Daniel, Abdullahi Usain (at large) and Tobenna Godwin Ezeakalue (at large) sometime in September, 2019 at Port Harcourt, within the jurisdiction of this honourable court conspired amongst yourselves to obtain the sum of N2,030,000.00 (Two Million and Thirty Thousand Naira) from Donatus Ekemezie, being payment to you under the false pretence that you will purchase tricycle from him which pretence you knew to be false and thereby committed an offence contrary to Section 8(a) of the Advance Fee Fraud And Other Fraud Related Offences Act, 2006 and punishable under Section 1(3) of the same Act.” But the accused reportedly pleaded not guilty to the charge, following which prosecuting counsel, U.D Asuehizibe, urged the court to fix a date for commencement of trial and for the defendants to be remanded in the custody of Nigerian Correctional Service, pending the determination of the case. Also, Counsel to the first and second defendants, O.C. Samuel and O.O.Orji, however, informed the court that there was a pending application for the bail of their clients, which the prosecuting counsel opposed on the ground that the defendants reside outside the court’s jurisdiction and may jump bail. In his ruling, Justice Obile adjourned the matter to May 20, and remanded the defendants in EFCC custody. EFCC arraigns 'Ibrahim Magu' over alleged bribe demand in Port Harcourt Yahoo Yahoo: Court remands 25-year-old UNIPORT undergraduate for internet fraud Court remands suspected oil thief in Port Harcourt