The people of Ogbudu village, Umuogbuagu autonomous Community of Ugwuoba, in Oji River Local Government Area of Enugu State have appealed to the various levels of government to look their way in the distribution of palliatives to cushion the effect of the coronavirus lockdown. They made the appeal during the distribution of food items and cash to the residents of the area. DAILY POST reports that over 200 residents received various food items and cash, which came courtesy of concerned indigenes of Ogbudu. In his remarks during the distribution of the palliative items, the Chairman of Ogbudu, Mr. Williams Efume, said they relied on donations from well meaning indigenes of the community. “This is the second phase of COVID-19 palliative support in Ogbudu; another 120 persons from Ogbudu received 1 bag of 10kg of rice, 1/ 2 Carton of indomie and a cash of 2,500 per person. “During the 1st phase, which took place earlier, the same number of individuals received the same items as mentioned above. The palliatives were shared to indigenous and non-indigenous members of our community. “Our children all over the globe have proven that they have Ogbudu at heart; we pray that God will bless all that have shown support to this course,” he disclosed. It was gathered that the second phase of the Ogbudu COVID-19 intervention Programme was initiated by Engr Leonard Onyemesiri, who mobilized Ogbudu Concerned Citizens both at home and abroad to donate for the intervention programme. Over Two Million Naira was raised in support. The Secretary of the Ogbudu COVID-19 intervention programme committee, Mr. Kingsley Nwobu, who read the list of donors, revealed that Chief Dozie Okolo and Mr Anthony Ikeanyi topped the list with each donating N500,000. Also in a remark, the Vice Chairman of the Committee, Dr. Nnanna Nwangwu, who attended the day’s programme with other members of the committee and the representatives of the twelve clans of Ogbudu, begged the government to further help the people with more palliative support. “We commend our people who have partnered with us to put smiles on the faces of our people. “However, we are making an appeal to the various levels of government to assist us with more items because many people are yet to get anything. As individuals, we can do all that is needed in this regard, he said. Two beneficiaries, Mrs Uju Anieke and Mr. Ogidiga Nchekwube, who could not hide their joy, said the items would go a long way in alleviating their plight. Coronavirus palliatives: Hunger has no political affiliation - Enugu APC Abuja: 'Palliatives only for indigenes' - FCTA officials tell residents amid chaos Abia govt to distribute lockdown palliatives through churches, mosques