Three young men suspected to be members of a criminal gang called ‘Shila Boys’ have been beaten to death in the Adamawa State capital, Yola. DAILY POST gathered on Sunday morning that the youths were killed by angry passers-by on Saturday night when they tried to snatch belongings of some women coming out of the state’s Specialist Hospital in Jimeta. ‘Shila Boys’ operate mostly in the three cosmopolitan Local Government Areas of Yola North (Jimeta area), Yola South (mainly Yola town) and Girei (comprising mostly Girei, the town in which the Modibbo Adama University of Technology is located). The three suspects who were said to be operating on a tricycle were caught about 9 pm on Saturday while trying to snatch the bags and phones of some women coming out of the Specialist Hospital, the biggest and busiest health facility in Jimeta, located on the busy Hospital Road. Sources said passers-by were alerted by some men selling goods by the hospital entrance, who quick to rallied against the ‘Shila Boys’ whom they chased and gave a mob justice. The Adamawa Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Suleiman Nguroje, confirmed the incident. He asked for time to give further details but confirmed that men and officials of the command were deployed to the area, and normalcy had since returned. Unknown gunmen kill Yola broadcaster Teenager gang-raped months after her 5yr-old cousin was violently defiled Man defiles, inflicts 3rd degree tear on 3-year-old girl These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More