A female secondary school teacher and three men have lost their lives when unknown gunmen attacked a fast food joint in Nzharuvo community, in Miango District of Bassa LGA of Plateau State, late Thursday evening. President Miango Youth Progressive Association (MYPA), Nuhu Yakubu, who confirmed the incident, said the attack happened at 9pm at a fast food outlet. Yakubu said, the lady who owns the food outlet and the three customers, were eating noodles served to them when the gunmen attacked and killed them. He added that the fifth victim was gunned down in another location close to the first, while a fellow was lucky to have escaped. He, however, disclosed that in the early hours of Friday, around 1 a.m. precisely, a strange vehicle with 10 passengers was intercepted around Jebbu Miango, about 2 kilometers from the scene of the incident and that the passengers who could not satisfactorily explain their mission, were handed over to the police. When DAILY POST contacted the Police Public Relations Officer, Plateau State Command, ASP Ubah Ogaba, he said the Command was aware of the incident, but cannot give full details of the attack at the moment. Ogaba said, “We are aware of the incident, but awaiting full details of the attack from the DPO in charge of the area”. Miango District and its surrounding villages have for some years now been a subject of attacks by suspected Fulani herdsmen, which has claimed about 500 lives and property worth millions of naira destroyed, leaving a huge humanitarian crisis behind. Also, just recently, the Irigwe community had squabbles with the settler Hausa community, leading to the loss of lives on both sides. Last week, a peace committee was inaugurated with a view to reconciling the aggrieved parties and ensuring lasting peace in the community. Suspected gunmen kill 2 soldiers in Plateau Suspected gunmen invade community, kill three herdsmen in Kogi Plateau Attack: 10 killed by unknown gunmen in Kwatas village These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More