President of Calvary Faith Evangelical Ministry International (CFEM), Prophet David Olorunleke, on Sunday, warned high profile citizens playing politics with the coronavirus disease in order to attract funds from government or individuals, saying “they will pay dearly with their lives.” He equally warned that those taking advantage of the COVID-19 pandemic to exploit citizens of their little resources, “the wrath of God will certainly catch up with them.” Olorunleke stated this during the Open Heaven Service, held at the Church Auditorium, in Jos, the Plateau State Capital, urging the Federal Government not to wait on developed nations of the world for vaccine on the current pandemic, but explore internal solution to save Nigerians. He urged government to remain focus in applying medical prescription used in the cure of 385 victims of COVID-19 in the country to save the nation from the current calamity. “There is need for Nigeria and Africa to look inward and find solution to the COVID-19 pandemic ravaging the world instead of waiting on developed nations of the world for solution, we should not ignore what God has blessed Nigeria and Africa with. He urged Federal Government to assembly a team of medical professionals and empower them with a grant to embarked on research that will lead to the discovery of the vaccine. Speaking on those taking advantage of the pandemic to exploit citizens, the CFEM President said, “For those who are taking advantage of the COVID-19 pandemic to exploit Nigerians of their little resources, the wrath of God will certainly catch up with them. “I will like to also warn those who are playing politics with coronavirus to attract funds from government or individuals, that they will pay dearly with their lives,” Olorunleke warned. The clergy applauded the Federal Government for acting swiftly in saving the people of Kano State and other Nigerians. He encouraged the Federal Government to take stringent measures in securing the nation’s borders and take the ban on interstate movement seriously.