The Director, Centre for Infectious Diseases Research, Bayero University, Kano; Professor Isa Abubakar has faulted Kano State Government’s submission on the decline in the number of Coronavirus infected Persons in the State. The Director warned that the said decline by Governor Ganduje is not in any way a sign of relief on the spread of COVID 19 in Kano. He alleged that the State was not submitting the number of required samples for testing on the diseases. Professor Isa Abubakar, expressed worry over the decline in the number of samples being supplied to the state epidemiology team for COVID-19 tests. Professor Abubakar raised the concerns while receiving a GeneXPert modular machine, certified by the Nigeria Centre for Diseases Control (NCDC) for COVID-19 and other diseases test; donated to the centre by philanthropists. The Nigeria Centre for Diseases Control (NCDC) last month activated the centre to carry out COVID-19 tests, making it the third laboratory in Kano. The professor of infections and epidemiology who lamented the poor number of samples especially from Kano, insisted that the present decline in the number of active cases in the state is not a sign of relief. Incidentally, Professor Abubakar’s submission is coming when the state government revealed satisfaction over the low active cases, which they believed was a significant indication that the state is winning the battle against the deadly COVID-19. But the director insisted that as an epidemiologist the decline is rather more worrisome. ” Honestly as an epidemiologist, I will only be happy if the number of tests we are conducting is larger than what we are seeing and we are recording more negatives but for now, it is premature to celebrate. “I can say we are doing better than when we started but we have not reached the promised land yet because right now, the number of samples being supplied from the state epidemiology team is on the decline and that is not the good way to go if we really need to fight the pandemic. “We need to up our game to ramp up tests in Kano as well as other neighboring states that we are serving so that we know the actual picture of the pandemic in our community so that we take all necessary measures to isolate the positive cases for treatment and also search for more cases and intervention”. Professor Abubakar explained. Speaking on the new machines, Professor Abubakar applauded the donor for the humanitarian gesture which he said will upscale testing and enhance quality service delivery at the centre. The GeneXPert modular machine can process 40 COVID-19 samples and other 40 different tests, including TB, hepatitis C, and others. All efforts to get the Kano State COVID 19 Coordinating team on the various issues raised in the State’s fights against Coronavirus proved abortive as the Coordinator, Dr Tijjani Hussain and the State Commissioner for Health phone lines could not be reached. Coronavirus: Kano records zero case as Lagos hits 74 in one day Kano: NCDC suspends operations at COVID-19 test centre NCDC DG says individual's COVID-19 test results can't be discussed, reveals delay in Kano update