As Muslims in Bauchi State join their counterparts across the world to celebrate this year’s Eid el Fitri, the state police command has assured the faithful of a hitch-free celebration. The command, in a statement, signed and made available to DAILY POST on Friday by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the state, DSP Mohammed Ahmed Wakili, assured that it has put in place measures aimed at ensuring that the festival is celebrated without any trouble in the even in the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic. According to the PPRO, the state Commissioner of Police, Philip S Maku, has directed that round the clock security be put in place in the state. While felicitating with Muslims on the occasion of this year’s Eid el Fitri, CP Maku, according to the PPRO, however, urged the people of the state to abide by the restriction of movement order, which limits the movement within the local government areas in the state, adding that the federal government imposed curfew order of 8:00 pm to 06:00 am is still in place. “The Commissioner of Police Bauchi State Command, CP Philip S. Maku, the people of Bauchi State directed round the clock security across the state as part of the measures put in place toward ensuring a peaceful and hitch-free Sallah celebration. “The Command under the leadership of the Commissioner of Police Philip S. Maku has put in place adequate security arrangements. “However, due to the present global pandemic Covid-19, the celebration is expected to be low-key. Muslims in Bauchi State will join their counterparts nationwide to celebrate the occasion. “In Bauchi metropolis, there will be joint congregational prayers at all praying ground,” the PPRO stated. He added that the police have observed that the people of Bauchi State have been complying with measures put in place by the government to contain the spread of Covid-19 in the state. According to the police spokesman, “it is worthy to state that the command have (has) observed with satisfaction, the level of corporation and understanding exhibits by the good people of Bauchi State in compliance with federal government directives, restriction of movement, social distance, use of face marks, sanitization and all regulations against the spread of coronavirus COVID-19. “As the state governor Sen. Bala Mohammed (Kauran Bauchi) have (has) eased the lockdown order to enable good people of the state enjoy hitch-free Eid-el-fitir Sallah celebration, the command urged citizens to abide by restriction of movement order which limits the movement within the local government areas of Bauchi, the federal government lockdown (curfew) order of 8:00pm to 06:00am is still in place.” The police, however, warned political thugs and disgruntled elements who may want to take advantage of the occasion to carry out heinous activities to steer clear of the state. While reassuring members of the public, especially worshippers that the command will effectively discharge its constitutional responsibilities, CP Maku, DSP Wakili stated, advised the people of the state to be security-conscious and report any suspicious move by individual or group to the nearby police stations or call the command’s emergency number : 09053872273 or 08079579006.