Nigerian artist and CEO of Wisest Family, Benedict Adoyi, popularly known as Aterre, has revealed that he is a son of Nigerian multi-instrumentalist, musician and pioneer of the Afrobeat music genre, Fela Anikulapo Kuti. Aterre revealed this in an interview with newsmen in Lagos, Nigeria. The Oyoyo crooner and producer revealed that even though he is not a biological child of the activist, he is a reincarnation and son of the late artist, musically. Reacting to why he is passionately in love with Fela, the Benue-born artist said, ’’Admitted, Fela didn’t give birth to me biologically, but one fact is clear for everyone to see. My line of music and everything about me is Fela-like. “My music addresses issues, even though it’s a blend of powerful messages and trending societal issues. This is, however, deliberate, as my focus is to make powerful statements on societal issues. I believe that as a musician, your music should be mostly didactic and inspirational too. In this case, I’m Fela’s son. Revealing his activities for the year, Aterre who marks his birthday today (Friday) lamented that COVID-19 pandemic had dealt blow to many things lined up for him this year. He said, “I have plethora of activities lined up for me this year, but the incident of COVID-19 is really a drawback. ‘’I was to shoot my ‘Oyoyo’ video in April after the song went viral online. I was to also shoot another video with my boy, MDY in May [This month]. I did a few ‘collabo’ with him, and we have tested the waters with ‘Kadara’ and our fans loved it. With the wait for a video, we resolved to shoot Kadara’s video this month, but as you can see, COVID-19 is still pushing this forward. “But no worries, this year, a lot will happen. I have been billed to attend different shows this year. I’m hopeful and prayerful too that COVID-19 won’t be a stumbling block, and if it does, we shall make it our stepping stone. ‘’ Also speaking on his relationship with Peruzzi, Aterre said, ‘’Ignore all those talks that I have problem with Peruzzi. That’s not true. I and Peruzzi had worked together in the past, and because of too many activities on his part, we are not able to do new stuff together. We are still good friends. Maybe, we will reunite with another good song. We did a lot together in the past and it was beautiful. Peruzzi has got talent, and we both respect each other. “In one of the songs I did with Tripz, we brought him in, just to say, we are cool with him and happy with his success story. Peruzzi ‘is my guy anytime.’’ Aterre is currently working with his producers on his debut music videos. His hit song, ‘Oyoyo’ and yet to be released ‘Kadara’ ft MDY will debut in the two videos scheduled to drop this year.