Former Governor of Ekiti, Engineer Segun Oni has assured the State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that his mission in the party is to encourage teamwork and build fellowship among members. Oni recently dumped the All Progressives Congress (APC) for the PDP with thousands of his supporters in the state. In a letter signed by himself and a select group of 82 other leaders in his network across the 16 local governments in the state, he formally notified stakeholders and chapters of the party at the ward, state, and national levels of his recent return to the PDP. One of the signatories to the letter, Dr. Ifeoluwa Arowosoge, said in a statement that the return of Engr. Oni to the PDP was a home-coming to the party that he helped to build and nurture and on whose platform he was elected governor in 2007. According to Arowosoge: “Engr. Segun Oni and his numerous supporters are committed to building an inclusive party that would work to protect the interest of all its members. “Teamwork and fellowship building would be the hallmarks of our engagements, interactions and participation in all activities of the party. “We are all excited to be back home to join hands with our compatriots in the strengthening and repositioning of our great party, the PDP, in its quest for good governance in Ekiti State. “Our return to the party was motivated by selfless considerations and the numerous calls by concerned Ekiti indigenes, home and abroad, on our political leader, Engr. Segun Oni, to deploy his forthright and honest leadership in advancing the good of the party. “We have asked our friends and supporters who have yet to register to go to their various wards to do so and ensure that they demonstrate commitment and loyalty to the party and its leadership, as well as obedience to the party’s constitution. “What the party needs, more than ever before, are unity, togetherness, dedication and an aggressive membership drive towards building a big party that will accommodate all and exclude none because we believe in the saying that, ‘the more the merrier’.” With return of Oni to PDP, Fayemi's re-election mistake will be corrected in 2022 - Ex-Guber aspirant Former Gov.of  Ekiti State, Segun Oni set to return to PDP Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Tuesday morning