The Enugu State Government has confirmed one new case of coronavirus disease in the State. The confirmation was made by the State’s Commissioner for Health, Prof Ikechukwu Obi in a statement on Saturday, stating that the patient is a contact of the third case who had a positive travel history from outside the State. According to him, this brings the total number of cases ever reported in Enugu to 10, with eight active cases. Providing details on the patient, he said, “the recent positive case just announced in Enugu State, is for benefit of any doubt, the son of the woman reported as the third confirmed case in Enugu State. “These positive cases are related by the journey they had made to Jos as had earlier been reported. The surveillance team of the State Ministry of Health had experienced some difficulty reaching this particular young man who had been in denial and had earlier resisted being tested. “Ndi Enugu are assured that the latest cases reported for Enugu are people who had travelled and returned to Enugu.” He also stated that the patient had also been admitted for isolation and treatment. The commissioner urged the residents of the State to stay at home and only go out when absolutely necessary. He said “We appeal to everyone to stay at home or stay safe, if you must go out, wear a mask, practice physical and social distancing, exercise proper respiratory hygiene. “Wash your hands as often as possible with soap and running water for at least 20 seconds or use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer when there is no facility to wash your hands “Sanitize surfaces all around you as often as possible with a 1in6 mixture of bleach and water “If you think you are ill with COVID 19 symptoms or know someone with COVID 19 symptoms, call the numbers 08182555550 or 09022333833 or the NCDC number 080097000010. “If I do these, I protect you, if you do these you protect me.” Meanwhile, the Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, had on Friday confirmed 386 new cases of coronavirus disease in the country. Enugu govt confirms new case of Coronavirus Enugu confirms 9-year-old as new case of coronavirus Enugu Govt gives details on new Coronavirus case