Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State, on Saturday, absolved himself of stigmatizing the state’s COVID-19 index case, Mrs. Susan Okpe (Nee Lawani). Ortom, who called on Mrs. Okpe to stop vilifying him, said he’s not the architect of her problem. The governor was responding to several videos by Mrs. Okpe wherein she accused him of stigmatization due to her ethnic background. He lamented that Mrs. Okpe politicized and whipped up ethnic sentiments in her spurious accusations against him. He maintained that Mrs. Okpe’s allegation that she was being persecuted due to her ethnic background was false and misleading. Ortom, however, insisted that he promotes peace and unity among the various ethnic groups in the state. A statement by his spokesperson, Tever Akase reads: “It has become necessary to respond to the series of online videos made by the Benue State COVID-19 index case, Mrs. Susan Idoko Okpe, in which she has repeatedly leveled accusations on Governor Samuel Ortom. “Mrs Idoko Okpe in her videos, made a number of allegations all targeted at vilifying the Governor whom she claims detained her in Makurdi on account of COVID-19 status and stigmatised her. In the said videos, she politicized the issue and whipped up ethnic sentiments, all in a desperate attempt to put the Governor in a bad light. “It is important to state that Governor Ortom is not the architect of Mrs. Okpe’s problems. If there is anyone who promotes unity and shows love to the various ethnic groups in Benue State, that person is Governor Ortom in all his outings, statements and style of dressing.” The governor stressed that he has demonstrated the qualities of a leader who does not “relate with people on the basis of race, language, religion and place of origin. He exemplifies the unity of Benue State.” The statement said Ortom revealed Mrs. Okpe’s identity in the interest of people of the state, adding that the move was aimed at containing the virus. “Governor Ortom has no regret revealing the identity of the Benue COVID-19 index case. The decision was made in the best interest of the people of the state who have continued to appreciate the Governor for the proactive approach to contain the pandemic. With the identity of the index case known, tracking and isolation of all who came in contact with her became easy. “The Deputy Governor who is Chairman of the Benue State COVID-19 Action Committee is an Idoma man, same as Secretary of the Committee. Mrs. Idoko Okpe’s insinuation that she is being persecuted on grounds of her ethnicity is therefore unfounded and misleading.” Coronavirus: Nigerian Govt clears air on ‘detaining Benue’s COVID-19 patient' Coronavirus hits Benue, Ortom discloses name of patient, shuts market, others Coronavirus: Ortom gives update on State’s index case, closes borders