Some unknown gunmen have invaded Fulani community of Ofanwa Elubi in Egume, under Dekina Local Government Area of Kogi State, killing three herdsmen, including nine cows. DAILY POST gathered that the incident which happened on Thursday, 14th May, 2020, saw many Fulani residents in the community scampering for safety. The names of the deceased victims according to available information are Tine Idris, Fatu Idris and Abdulkareem Saleh. Although, the reason for the attack is still unknown, the Assistant Secretary of the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association, Kogi State chapter, Mallam Adamu Abubakar who confirmed the incident to our correspondent in Lokoja on Saturday, said the gunmen who were fully armed with gun and dangerous weapons, attacked the community at about 8 am. Abubakar who could not control his tears while speaking to DAILY POST, as he recalled the degree of injuries sustained by his people noted that, the attack was reported to the DPO at the police station in Egume for prompt action. While appealing to the state government to rescue them from further attack, the Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Assistant secretary recalled that, the community was last attacked on 10th March, 2020, in which the State Commissioner of Police, CP Ede Ayuba in his visit to the area promised to apprehend the perpetrators that attacked the community. His words “This was another attack on our innocent members who were gruesomely killed in cold blood on the 14th May, 2020. The repeated killings of our people /members in Igala land is becoming unbearable. “This time around, they lunched the attack at our camp. They started shooting at them without any offence at all. Those killed during the attack include Tine Idris, Fatu Idris and Abdulkareem Saleh. Meanwhile, the Kogi State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, William Ayah who confirmed the incident on Saturday said the command had already commenced search for the killers. Ayah added that, the State Commissioner of Police had deployed armed men to the area to avert further attacks. These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More