A cross section of Nigerians have expressed fear over the increase in coronavirus cases in Nigeria, especially Lagos State. DAILY POST had reported that Lagos State on Thursday recorded 183 new cases of COVID-19. Nigeria recorded 381 new cases, bringing the total in the country to 3526. The development is coming three days after total lockdown was eased by President Muhammadu Buhari. Reacting to the development, Nigerians on Twitter called on the State government to lockdown Lagos. Here are some comments DAILY POST gathered: @jiggy_boy, “381 new cases, 183 in Lagos. lockdown the state called Lagos! Distribute palliatives at polling units, set up mini-market at this same polling units with the price mechanisms enforced.” @jonnydrille, “They eased the lockdown and now the numbers are increasing.Almost 400 new cases today and 183 in Lagos alone.We need to lockdown again, we have to” @martinsissac10, “This is what happens when there is poor structure, poor management, negligence and sustained and prolonged years of maladministration.” @DoctorEmto, “381 fucking new cases with 183 in Lagos.Well, everyone gotta be careful. We’re likely going to hit 10k cases at this rate in this month of May.” @iceprincy, “Isn’t it time for the govt to #extendlockdown since the figures keep on increasing.Imagine 183 in Lagos.” @nursechocs, “55 in Kano and 183 in Lagos??? This is frightening. Today is May 7, just 3days apart. What will the record be in the next few days because the lockdown has been lifted. Stay at home, stay safe.” @Oninudidun, “183 used to be per day for the whole of Nigeria. Now Lagos gained more followers; in just one day 183 in Lagos.I think we should #extendlockdown.” @Benugbana, “183 in Lagos alone? We just crossed the 3,000 mark just yesterday, and today, we already have 4,000 in view. This thing was not coming at us this violently before na.” @counle, “183 in Lagos alone?The next lockdown would be declared by the people for the people at this rate.” @choqlateskynne, “We are exactly where the US was 2 months ago. Now they are almost at 60k deaths.God forbid. Please can they re-impose this lockdown?” @Mr_ogbe, “183 in lagos? I hope we’re preparing for the main lockdown? The one we just had was rehearsal.” @thegenuiusjaj, “Honestly,declaring a partial lockdown is the biggest mistake both the federal and state govts made.And honestly, the cases might still increase.” At 183, Lagos records highest cases of coronavirus in one day NCDC announces 381 fresh cases of COVID-19 COVID-19: Nigeria records 87 deaths in 18 States as lockdown is eased