The Ward Three Executive Council Members of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in Calabar Municipality local government area of Cross River State have suspended the State Party Chairman, Ntufam Edim Inok Edim from office for one month. The EXCO, in a suspended letter, titled ‘Notification of suspension from the Party’ addressed to the National Chairman of the Party dated May 1st, 2020 and signed by the Chairman and Secretary, Peter Ika and Mr Nsa Ekpo respectively said the suspension was due to misconduct by the Chairman. The EXCO claimed they had been inaugurated via a letter with reference No PDPD/DOM/GF.V/VOL.2/20-387B, and titled Approval of new ward and local government area executive committee members in Cross River State dated 26th April 2020. According to the excos, they resolved to suspend the Party Chairman after an inaugural meeting held on May 1st, 2020, at the ward secretariat at No 5 Jonathan bypass, Calabar, Cross River State. “We discovered with shame and dismay the conduct of our member and who is also the State Chairman of PDP in Cross River State, Ntufam Edim Inok Edim, exhibited on 30th April 2020 at the State Party Secretariat. His unbrazen attack on the National Chairman and other members of the PDP National Working Committee on receiving a bribe of N150m to release the EXCO which he qualified as fake. “He labeled the National Chairman and the National Working Committee as demons, criminals and other unprintable names as contained in the video, he declared that he will not carry out the instruction/directives of the NWC as contained in the letter No PDP/DOM/GF.V/VOL,2/20-387B of April 26th, 2020, but went further to inaugurate his own acclaimed wards and local government EXCO from Obanliku to Bakassi local government area in Cross River State. “In view of the foregoing, we hereby resolved as follows; that his conduct runs contrary to the provision of the Party Constitution as contained in Chapter 10 of section 58, sub 1 B, C, and H respectively. That Ntufam Edim Inok Edim, a member of the Party from ward three in Calabar Municipality and State Chairman of the Party is hereby suspended for an initial period of one month” the ward three EXCO stated. The executive members, however, requested the National Chairman’s consequential approval to the resolutions.