The Oyo State Police Command on Thursday said it has arrested no fewer than six (6) suspects in connection with the death of a cult leader, Mashood Oladokun in Ibadan. DAILY POST gathered that Oladokun whose nickname was Ekugbemi and the leader of a cult gang, which has been terrorizing some parts of Ibadan, died after he was attacked by another gang last month. But, the state Police command while reacting, said six persons have been arrested in connection with his death. Commissioner of Police, Mr. Shina Olukolu disclosed this while parading the six suspects Olukolu said, “On 11, 04, 2020 at the 1pm, a distress call was made to the Sanyo Division and SARS Office Dugbe Ibadan that there was a serious pandemonium at a building construction site in Sokelu Village, Olunde area of Ibadan, between two armed bandit group known as the One Million Boys and the Bonfoto Boys, led by one Abiola Ebila and Mashood Oladokun also know as Ekugbemi respectfully”. He said that the SARS Operatives and Special Operations team, set up by Oyo State Government, swung into action. He said on getting to the scene of the crime, the leader of the Bonfoto Boys was found dead in the pool of his blood, the SARS team then commenced an investigation into the matter while the Special Operations team prevented any form of reprisal attacks. Olukolu added that it was in the course of investigations that the owner of the building, Babatunde Oladapo and five members of the rival armed bandit who also identified themselves as Azeez Oyadina, Opeyemi Kolapo, Sola Sunday, Nururdeen Adeogun and Bayonle Hammed were arrested in connection with Oladokun’s murder. Exhibit recovered from the suspects, according to him, includes; three poisoned knives, one cutlass, one handsaw, two hammers, one axe, three pairs of scissors and wraps of weeds suspected to be Indian Hemp. Olukolu said those arrested have been helping the police in their investigations, and all hands are on deck to make sure that the ringleader of the One Million Boys Abiola Ebila is arrested to face the full wrath of the law. Azeez Oyadina confessed to being a part of the One Million Boys gang. “I was part of the reprisal attack, but I was not the one who killed Ekugbemi, it was Big Head one of us who is currently at large that killed him, he used this knife here to stab him, though he did not die immediately but we were later told that he died of the injury he sustained from the stab”.