Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. A former Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Maikanti Baru, is dead. The current GMD, Mele Kyari, disclosed that the former GMD died on midnight of Saturday, but failed to reveal what led to his death. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the reconstitution of the Board of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC). Members of the new Board are: Mohammed Lawal (North West), Tajudeen Umar (North East), Adamu Mahmood Attah (North Central), Senator Magnus Abe (South South), Dr Stephen Dike (South East), and Chief Pius Akinyelure (South West). 3. Nigeria on Saturday confirmed 553 new cases of coronavirus, the highest number of COVID-19 recorded in a single day in the country. The Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, in a post on its Twitter page said Lagos recorded 378 new cases, while FCT had 52. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari’s nephew, Alhaji Ibrahim Dauda is dead. Duada died in Daura, Katsina State, after a prolonged illness. 5. The Chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu has assured Nigerians that COVID-19 won’t truncate Nigeria’s democracy and the electoral process. Yakubu, who spoke in Abuja at the INEC’s first virtual meeting with the Resident Electoral Commissioners (RECs) on Saturday, admitted that the virus disrupted INEC’s activities like other national institutions. 6. The Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library (OOPL) has asked many of its staff to stay at home for the meantime over the inability to sustain its workforce. The Library, which is in Abeokuta, the Ogun State capital, is a recreational centre with a hotel, event centres, an amusement park, a wildlife park, a church, a mosque and others. 7. Leader of INRI Evangelical spiritual church, Primate Elijah Ayodele, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to be prayerful so as not to “lose another aide.” The clergyman, who made the call in his latest prophecy, also warned the new Chief of Staff to the President, Ibrahim Gambari to be prayerful. 8. The Nigeria Association of Resident Doctors (NARD) has given a 14-day ultimatum to the Federal Government to immediately implement agreements reached on the health sector or risk an indefinite strike. National President of NARD, Dr Sokomba Aliyu reading the communique issued at the end of the OGM, lamented the harassment and maltreatment of some of its members in Lagos, Kaduna States and the FCT in the cause of performing their professional activities. 9. The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Akin Abayomi, has said that the number of COVID-19 related deaths in the state now stands at 50. According to him, 254 new COVID-19 cases were confirmed in Lagos on May 29, bringing the total number to 4,393. 10. At least 268 Nigerians evacuated from China have arrived in Abuja on Saturday. Their flight touched down at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport on Saturday afternoon. NNPC: Buhari appoints Magnus Abe, Lawal, Umar, Attah, others into new board Former NNPC GMD, Maikanti Baru is dead Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Monday morning