The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) on Thursday berated the All Progressives Congress (APC) for attempting to allegedly cover its complicity in the looting of repatriated funds and defending the exposed current plot by its leaders and the cabal in the Presidency to plunder the recently repatriated $311 million. PDP charged APC to stop the denial and respond to allegations by President Muhammadu Buhari’s wife, Aisha that the N500m palliative fund was a huge scam. Recall that PDP had accused APC and the presidency of plotting to divert the $311m repatriated to Nigeria from the loot of former Head of State, Sani Abacha. APC, however, said the former ruling party was vexed that the money was not repatriated while it was in power. However, PDP’s spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan said “It is not surprising that the APC is again serving as the mouthpiece of corruption and sleaze, given that it holds the medal in deceit, propaganda, concealment of fraud and as a sanctuary of corrupt individuals, international scammers, certificate forgers and looters of repatriated funds. “Instead of seeking to divert attention, the APC should face the issue and respond to the First Lady, Aisha Buhari, who alerted the nation that the APC administration’s N500 billion Social Investment Programme is a huge scam and that bulk of the money did not get to the designated poor; a fraud for which the APC remains indicted. “Our party further challenges the APC to respond to the report of the US Department of State, which exposed the plot by the APC administration to divert $100 million of the repatriated fund to the Chairman of APC Governor’s Forum, Governor Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State. “No! The APC would not attempt to make the littlest of response because its hands are heavily soiled with looted funds. “Moreover, it is on record that the APC has not been able to point to any project executed by its administration despite the stream of repatriated money channeled to it. “It is not for nothing that the APC has been riotous since our party busted its fresh plot to loot the repatriated $311 million, and had resorted to vituperations, insults, threats and unfounded accusations against well-meaning Nigerians. It is because of our insistence on transparency and accountability in the handling of the funds has ended their re-looting ploys.” Abacha Loot: How Presidency, APC plans to steal $311m returned to Nigeria - PDP Abacha loot: Why we cannot squander $311m returned from US - Presidency Abacha loot: Why PDP is angry about $311m returned to Nigeria - APC