The Federal Medical Centre (FMC) Abeokuta has confirmed that two of its workers tested positive for Coronavirus. This was disclosed in a statement by the FMC Abeokuta’s Head of Public Relations, Segun Orisajo, on Saturday. Orisajo said the two staffers are a nurse and an administrative staff. According to him, two patients had tested positive earlier in the previous week. On Saturday, the spokesperson confirmed that another three results had arrived the hospital, being the two workers and a patient. This is contrary to Orisajo’s earlier denial when he said no staff of the FMC tested positive for COVID-19. According to Orisajo, the first two positive patients have been transferred to the Ogun State Isolation facility at Ikenne on Saturday. He said: “Further to those, the centre hereby confirmed the case of another three patients whose test results just returned positive. “Two of them are staff of this centre, a nurse and an administrative staff which brings the total number to five.” Orisajo, however, said no doctor in the Ogun FMC has tested positive for the virus. At a meeting which held on Saturday, the Medical Director, Prof Adewale Musa-Olomu assured representatives of the various staff unions in the FMC of their personal safety and protection. Musa-Olomu urged users of the hospital not to panic, saying, “the Management is fully alive to its responsibility.” His words: “Permit me to seize this opportunity to once again allay the fears that our people out there including some members of staff may have about the unfolding developments. To that, I say that there is practically nothing to worry about. “We have for the umpteenth time said it loud and clear that this centre is fully prepared for this thing and will not unnecessarily expose our staff to danger. We ensure that all staff adhere to the basic precautionary measures in the discharge of their responsibilities” The Ogun FMC boss urged the sick and those in need of the centre’s services to approach same whenever the need arises. COVID-19: Three health workers, four patients reportedly test positive at Ogun FMC We've released corpse of dead COVID-19 pregnant woman to her husband - Ogun FMC Pregnant woman dies in Ogun FMC as NCDC confirms second Coronavirus death