The Kaduna State Government on Friday evening, released locations of temporary neighbourhood markets. In a statement issued and signed by the Managing Director/CEO, Kaduna Markets Development and Management Company (KMDMC) Mr. Muhammad Hafiz Bayero said,”TGhe management of the Kaduna Markets Development and Management Company has released the list of locations of temporary neighbourhood markets that will become operational from Saturday, 2nd May 2020.” According to the statement, this follows the directive of the Kaduna State Government that all major markets will be closed and be replaced temporary neighbourhood markets while the Quarantine Orders are in force. The statement further said that, the temporary markets are located in public facilities which have been selected to foster easy access and remove the need for long commutes to get essentials. “Traders in food and essentials will be allocated space to sell their goods in these markets which shall operate from 10am to 4pm. “Traders and customers are required to wear facemasks and observe social distancing within these temporary markets.” The statement further said It further explained, that security agencies will enforce compliance with required conditions and ensure that business is conducted in an atmosphere of law and order. “The general public is urged to kindly operate with the arrangements so that citizens can purchase essentials in safe conditions designed to reduce the risk of infection by Covid-19. “List of government primary schools in Kaduna to be used as temporary markets Chikun Local Government Area •Unguwan Romi Primary School • Gonin Gora Primary School • Nasarawa LEA Primary School • Narayi Primary School • Sabon Tasha Primary School • LEA Kudenda • Primary School, Rido • Primary School at NNPC Junction • Unguwan Boro Secondary School •GDSS Narayi Kaduna South Local Government Area • Barnawa LEA 1 • Barnawa LEA 2 • LEA Maichibi Television • LEA Babban Dodo • Government Secondary School, Kakuri • LEA Chawai Road Unguwan Sanusi • LEA 1 and 2 Unguwan Muazu • LEA Kargi • Government Secondary School Richifa Street, Tudun Wada • LEA Kurmin Mashi • LEA Kinkinau • LEA Kagoro Road • LEA Badikko Kaduna North Local Government Area • Tafawa Balewa Government Secondary School, Kabala • LEA Unguwan Rimi 1 and 2 • LEA Unguwan Sarki (Black and White) • LEA Kawo • LEA Badarawa • LEA Malali • LEA Maiduguri Road • LEA Katsina Road • LEA Kigo Road • LEA Abakpa • LEA Hayin Banki • LEA Rafin Guza • Capital School Igabi Local Government Area • LEA Lokoja Road • Government Secondary School Makarfi Road • LEA Shawai • Government Secondary School Rigasa • Model Primary School Mando • Government Secondary School Rigachikun • Mamman Jalo Primary Schoo • GGSS Rigasa • LEA Barakallahu • Permanent Market Site by Rail Station • LEA Lokoja Road •LEA Hayin Dan Mani,” the statement further said.