Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, on Wednesday confirmed a total number of 195 new coronavirus cases in the country. Lagos and Kano States have the highest numbers. While Lagos recorded 82 new cases, Kano recorded 30 cases. 2. Nigeria has recorded over 100 COVID-19 related deaths since its index case in February 2020. According to the data released by the Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC, on Tuesday, Nigeria has recorded 103 deaths so far. 3. The Federal Government of Nigeria has extended the ban on local and international flights by four weeks. Chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, who made this known during the daily briefing on Wednesday, said after assessing the situation in the aviation industry and based on the advice of experts, the ban on all flights will be extended for an additional four weeks. 4. The federal government has again expressed its displeasure, over the continued disregard of the eased lockdown guidelines by Nigerians. Speaking at the daily briefing on Wednesday, the chairman of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, said it portends danger for the country. 5. The Petroleum Products Marketing Company (PPMC), Wednesday, slashed the ex-depot price of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), also known as petrol, to N108 per litre, a move reflecting the drop in crude oil prices. It is also expected to result in a lower pump price at petrol stations by the end of this week. In a memo to oil marketers and other stakeholders in the petroleum marketing business, dated May 5, 2020, with the subject: ‘Re: PPMC Petroleum Products Prices for May 2020,’ the PPMC also slashed the ex-depot price of Automotive Gasoline Oil, also known as diesel, to N164 per litre for depots in Lagos and N166 per litre for depots in Oghara, Calabar, Port Harcourt, among others. 6. Nigeria’s Minister of Justice and Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami, has flayed those who he claims wanted to frustrate the repatriation of $311million looted by late Head of State, Sani Abacha. In a statement on Wednesday, Malami told such persons to “bury their heads in shame”. 7. The Presidency, through the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, has explained why the returned $311million from the US cannot be squandered by the government. Adesina disclosed that even before releasing the money, the US government made it mandatory for President Muhammadu Buhari to state exactly what the fund will be used for. 8. One of the notorious cult leaders terrorizing Ikorodu and its environs, Mukaila, a.k.a “Actor”, has been arrested by Police operatives from the Tactical Unit of Zone 2 Command, Onikan, Lagos. According to the Zonal Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Hauwa Idris-Adamu, the Assistant Inspector General of Police Zone 2, AIG Ahmed lliyasu, due to the rise in nefarious cult activities in the Ikorodu axis of Lagos State, ordered operatives from the Tactical Units of the Zone to gather intelligence that could lead to the apprehension of the cult leaders and members terrorizing members of the public. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of Suleiman Abba, a retired Inspector-General of Police, as Chairman, Board of Trustees of the Nigeria Police Trust Fund. Garba Shehu, presidential spokesman, who announced this in a statement on Wednesday, said the appointment was in pursuant to the Nigeria Police Trust Fund Establishment Act 2019. 10. The Benue State government has arrested four persons with a COVID-19 dead corpse in the State. The Benue State Action Committee on COVID-19, said it intercepted the vehicle carrying the corpse of the victim identified as Peter Aiv Kogi for burial. Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Sunday Morning Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Thursday morning Nigerian Newspapers: 10 things you need to know this Wednesday morning