The leader of INRI Evangelical spiritual church, Primate Elijah Ayodele has warned Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State, ahead of the Progressives Congress, APC, primary election in the state. Ayodele warned that the primary election will be a very tensed one, adding that APC may have two candidates at the end of the election. It is worthy of note that there have been fracas in the Edo chapter of the APC which majorly bothers on power tussle between the governor and Oshiomhole. Just a few days ago, Obaseki had expressed confidence that he will return as the governor of the state because no one can stop him. Obaseki stated that he would remain governor because only God gives power. Days ago, the Oshiomhole group had endorsed Ize Iyamu, as APC consensus candidate. Reacting to the tussle, Primate Elijah Ayodele said Obaseki should ensure he strengthens his group as he foresees he can never find favour with APC National Chairman, Adams Oshiomhole. Primate Ayodele warned that Oshiomhole was ready “ready for pure war.” In a list of prophecies, Primate Ayodele said: ‘’Obaseki must strengthen his group, it’s going to be two candidates, if Obaseki wins, we should be expecting a court case. After the primaries, none of the candidates will agree because they want to ease Obaseki out. “Oshimohole will play Lagos politics to ease Obaseki out, two candidates may emerge in APC on the 22nd. Edo Will scatter APC settings, Oshiomhole is bent on the issue of Edo, he is ready for pure war, Obaseki should buckle up.’’ He also warned that in anything Obaseki does, he should ensure that he involves God and listens to instructions because he has a very good chance. ‘’Obaseki has a very bright stance if only he follows instruction and does all the needful if he refuses, his mission may collapse; he should not take chances. “There will be a lot of gimmicks and plans that will be exposed the night before the election and on the day of the election, there will be fracas, violence in the place, there will be two different election results if care isn’t taken. Obaseki should involve God in whatever he does. God wants to elect him but that is if he listens.’’ Edo guber: Primate Ayodele reveals how Obaseki can win APC primary, warns Oshiomole Edo: Gov. Obaseki speaks on dumping APC for PDP Edo gov., Obaseki, other APC leaders endorse Oshiomhole’s suspension