One person has been reported dead, two were injured and a female police officer was kidnapped in separate attacks by suspected herdsmen in Ogun State. DAILY POST reports that the incident happened on Tuesday in Yewa North and Imeko-Afon Federal Constituency. The lawmaker representing the constituency at the House of Representatives, Hon. Jimoh Olaifa, confirmed the incident, while lamenting the spate of attacks by herdsmen in his constituents. DAILY POST gathered that a commercial vehicle was, on Tuesday, attacked by suspected herdsmen while commuting from Abeokuta to Ayetoro. The driver was allegedly shot dead on the spot. An hour later, a policewoman, who DAILY POST learnt, is attached to the Area Command Office in Ayetoro Division was abducted while driving as her car was abandoned by the roadside. The Ogun State Police Public Relations Officer, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said efforts were ongoing to rescue the abducted policewoman. In a statement on Thursday, Hon. Olaifa revealed that one Segun Ileyemi, was attacked around Olorunda on Sunday in an attempt to rob him of his belongings. Olaifa said Ileyemi was stabbed several times, adding that he is still receiving treatment at the Ayetoro General Hospital. The lawmaker, while calling on security agents to save the lives of his people, said “It is no longer news that the dastardly acts of the Fulani Herdsmen in my Constituent is legendary as records are available at various offices of security agencies,” asking “but for how long will this continue?” He pleaded with the security agencies to devise more proactive measures in order to put an end to the operations of “these neighbours turned enemies.” He accused the herdsmen of mostly laying siege on the roads as they wait for “my constituents to either rob them of their belongings or to kidnap them outrightly.” According to him, “no fewer than three cases of attacks were recorded on the Abeokuta –Olorunda–Aiyetoro/Imeko Road in the last four days; all in the hand of these tormenting Fulani herdsmen.” Meanwhile, Olaifa has pleaded with Governor Dapo Abiodun to pay attention to the plights of his constituents. He wants the governor to do more in securing the people, while also calling for the rehabilitation of roads in the area. He opined that criminals are taking advantage of the impassable roads in the area to attack residents. Plateau community raises alarm over renewed herdsmen attacks, lament killing of 15 people 23 Killed, as suspected militia attack Tawari town in Kogi State Police confirms massive killings in Tawari community of Kogi State by suspected herdsmen These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More