The management of Federal Medical Centre (FMC) in Abeokuta, Ogun State said it has released the body of the pregnant woman, who died of COVID-19 complications in the hospital to her husband for burial. The FMC confirmed that the pregnant woman died on Friday, while awaiting her COVID-19 test result, which it said arrived on Saturday. The hospital management informed that the corpse was released to the husband after he had been carefully counselled, with due adherence to the guidelines of the World Health Organization (WHO). FMC dismissed fear of possible contraction of the disease in the hospital It was disclosed that the hospital has implemented new safety measures to be adopted by staffers, patients, relatives of patients and visitors in order to prevent the spread of the virus. In a press release signed by the hospital’s Head of Public Relations Unit, Segun Orisajo, on Sunday, it was reported that the management has shut down the Accidents and Emergency wing of the facility. This, DAILY POST learnt, was as a result of the two confirmed cases of COVID-19 recorded in the premises. Orisajo said this was to give room for the commencement of a decontamination exercise. Orisajo stated: “Authorities of the Federal Medical Centre Idi-Aba, Abeokuta have confirmed the record of two Coronavirus cases in the Centre. The hospital said three suspected cases were being managed at its Accident and Emergency Complex since last week. However, he informed that two of the patients tested positive, as one was negative. He confirmed that one of the patients who tested positive was a pregnant woman who, he said, died on Friday. The PRO explained that “her result returned positive on Saturday.” Speaking further, he stated, “Her corpse was released to her husband after careful counseling and due adherence to the World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines on such a matter.” “The second patient is a young man who has been transferred to an isolation centre in the state. He is clinically stable. Both patients were managed in the Accident and Emergency Complex.” It was gathered that the patients were suspected cases right from the onset and have since been isolated from other patients and staff. The staff that attended to them observed the prescribed standard protocols and procedures, it was said. “The standard practice of contact tracing, decontamination amongst others have commenced. “To this end, the Accident and Emergency Complex where the patients were admitted has been temporarily shut down to allow for a thorough on-going decontamination exercise while patients have been properly re-located. Similarly, the Hospital ambulances, Ambulance bay are being decontaminated,” Orisajo emphasised, adding that there is no more case of Coronavirus in Ogun FMC.