The Enugu State Ministry of Health has announced that five COVID-19 confirmed positive cases in the state have tested negative and consequently discharged from the isolation and treatment centers. The Commissioner for Health in the state, Dr. Obi Emmanuel Ikechukwu, disclosed this in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Saturday. Obi said that one more positive case has also been confirmed in the state. According to him, the state now has a total number of 19 cases with 6 active cases and 13 discharged. He further explained that the new COVID-19 patient (Case 19) is a 40-year-old female, who hails from Igbo-Etiti LGA of Enugu State and returned home from Lagos State in violation of the restriction order on inter-state movement. He said ”The State Ministry of Health with massive support from the Governor, His Excellency, Rt. Hon. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi and the State Executive Council (EXCO), has continued to provide treatment for the existing cases, respond to emergency alerts, carry out contact tracing and follow up on suspects. ”The directives of the Federal and Enugu State governments and the public health advisories of the Federal Ministry of Health, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, and the Enugu State Ministry of Health remain as important as ever and should be strictly adhered to. ” We advise residents of the state to stay home when it is not absolutely necessary to go out. ”Wear a face mask or cover up whenever you must go out. ”Keep a safe distance from other people at all times and avoid crowded places. ”Practice good respiratory hygiene especially when coughing or sneezing. ”Clean surfaces with a 1 in 6 concentration of bleach and water. ”Wash your hands with soap for 20 seconds under running water as often as possible. ”Sanitize your hands as often as possible using an alcohol-based hand sanitizer when facilities for handwashing are unavailable. ”When you do these, you protect me, and when I do these, I protect you.” Enugu Govt confirms one new case of coronavirus, discharge of 2 patients Enugu records 3 new cases as widow smuggles husband’s corpse from Lagos Enugu govt confirms two new cases of coronavirus