Zamfara State on Saturday witnessed the first early and heavy downpours that started from midnight on Saturday to the early hours of Sunday. According to some residents interviewed by DAILY POST, the rains came earlier than expected as the rains actually started in May and the frequency and intensity have so far been consistent. One of the experts, Alhaji Tasiu Mohammed, attributed the early rains to the general change in the pattern of the world weather which he said is technically referred to as global warming. “The overall increase in world temperature as witnessed is responsible for the variety of changes in the weather system including rainfall, wind speed, atmospheric pressure and the limes” he said. “When the temperature is advertently high , the tendency is for increase in conventional activities leading to the uplift of more moisture to the atmosphere. This, in turn, results in more rains after some other more scientific processes.” According to Mohammed, it is, however, very hard to predict whether the rains may persist for more than six months or they may stop after six months and give room for dry season to commence. Also Mallam Ibrahim Nahuche, a farmer, was very enthusiastic that the rains have come so early, as according to him, it means that they will have to go to their farms and start sowing early in anticipation for bumper harvest. He said that they have been living under acute shortage of drinking water as their taps have turned dry for long while their open wells have also dried up since January this year. Mallam Nahuche said he was therefore happy with the early rains as according to him their open wells would now begin to yield enough water for demotic consumption, stressing that they can farm very easily without much ado. “Everything comes from Allah. He does whatever He pleases she He pleases,” he said. Speaking further, he said that they actually thought that the rains will not come so early when we realized that that the harmattan period for this year might only for a short period of time. Similarly, Alhaji Danbaba, a resident of Tudun Wada in Gusau, the state capital told our reporter the early rains have caught them unaware, as they have not yet commenced the yearly repairs on their roofs before the onset of the rainy season. Coronavirus: What God told me about Nigeria, countries, new disease - Apostle Okikijesu Nigerian Meteorological Agency releases 2020 rainfall prediction Civil war, great flood looming - Apostle Okikijesu makes fresh prophecy on Nigeria