The crisis rocking the Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN) and the National Assembly Management has taken another twist over the implementation of the National Assembly Revised Condition of Service which took effect in 2019. Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria in the National Assembly in a letter to the Senate President, Dr. Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila disowned their Chairman, Mr. Sunday Fabiyi who they accused of working to reverse the current implementation of the revised condition of service of the parliament. The controversial revised condition of service of the National Assembly which started in 2019, was said to be unfavourable to the Parliamentary Senior Staff of the National Assembly. In a letter endorsed by nine executive members of PASAN, National Assembly chapter and addressed to the President of the Senate, Dr. Ahmad Lawan and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Hon. Femi Gbajabiamila, they dissociated themselves from what they described as an “ugly trend” that was threatening to tear apart their hard-earned revised condition of service. They described those supporting their Chairman as a faceless group who were out to scuttle the implementation of the revised condition of service that has been a subject of debate in the last 19 years. “We are puzzled by the allegations by some faceless individuals under the aegis of ‘Next Level Due Process Group’ that some provisions of the Revised Conditions of Service were smuggled into the initial proposal by the Management of the National Assembly. “It is pertinent we state categorically here that the whole idea of the revision of the condition of service of the National Assembly was initiated by PASAN, FCT Zonal Chapter (National Assembly and National Assembly Service Commission Chapters) in collaboration with the PASAN National Body and had been guarded jealously. “We wish to add that there was never a time any person or group of persons smuggled any addition into the whole proposal. The proposal came as a whole and went through the legislative process,” the PASAN letter read in part. Nine out of the 13-member executive of the association had accused the Chairman of the association, Sunday Fabiyi of working with some elements to frustrate the interest of members of the association. The association also reminded the National Assembly leadership to see to the full implementation of the revised condition of service and therefore, called on them to save the revised condition of service. The letter reads: “It is important Sir, at this juncture, to cast your mind back at the ugly event of December 2018 when the National Assembly was shut down by the staff protesting the delay in the consideration of the Revised Condition Service, promotion letters, etc. “The 8th National Assembly in its wisdom considered and approved the Revised Condition of Service, and implementation commenced since May 2019 to the joy of the staff. Permit us to draw your attention to the faceless individuals who have exhibited their ignorance by alleging that the Revised Condition of Service requires Presidential assent when on the contrary, all it requires was the approval of the two chambers in line with the NASC Act 2014, as it is a quasi regulation. The staff of the National Assembly never had a general meeting challenging the approved Revised Condition of Service nor protested against it to date. As elected representatives of our colleagues, it is our responsibility to see the complete and full implementation of the Revised Condition of Service which is their utmost desire. “Your Excellency, Mr. President of the Senate Sir, we are perplexed that the National Assembly Service Commission as presently constituted is swayed by the allegation of some few faceless individuals to contemplate the full implementation of the Revised Condition of Service. We represent the generality of the interest of staff of the National Assembly. “We, therefore, call on you to use your good offices and call the Chairman, National Assembly Service Commission and Hon. Members of the Commission to order, to refrain from acting on such frivolous allegations to tamper with the Revised Condition of Service so as to forestall any civil unrest in the National Assembly. Speaking with DAILY POST on the development, PASAN Chairman, Sunday Fabiyi denied that he was working with few others to scuttle the implementation of the Revised Condition of Service. He maintained that the revised implementation of the condition of service was different from what they collectively bargained, adding that it was unfavourable to the Senior Staff of the Association. Lawan, Gbajabiamila, NASS clerk called out over unpaid severance allowance Kevin Oji: Why the revised condition of service is imperative for workers in National Assembly Coronavirus: We didn't call Buhari's Social Investment programmes failure - National Assembly