It is no news that the world will no longer be the same after the pandemic. People will continue to be weary of large gatherings, handshakes, public coughing or sneezing, and the idea of social distancing will not be forgotten in a while. Times like these are when brands are expected to take charge, proffer solutions and come through for their users in ways one can only imagine, hence the reason for this piece. Vskit is a brand that definitely has impressed Nigerians, long before the pandemic became a thing, during the pandemic and we’re hopeful that they’re not stopping post pandemic. One thing they did which got Nigerians intrigued, is the live stream of the Infinix Note 7 launch that was done 14th of May, 2020. I would like to think that the Infinix team must have had tons of brainstorming sessions about ways to make the launch possible without breaking the 20 man per gathering rule. They also wanted to have all their desired celebrities attend the launch, and Vskit came to mind. Yes YouTube was also used, but most Nigerians took to Vskit mostly because it’s easily accessible and it apparently zaps lesser data. Live streaming has definitely become the way to go. It’s expected that brands will start reaching out to short video apps like Vskit in order to conduct a live launch or live event. This will reduce costs, save the brand from running into trouble for having too many people in a gathering and ultimately make even your launch/event go viral. Live streaming will keep the world together and aid the world in being a global village even more. Here are a few other ways Vskit is a digital solution to both brands and talents: The mouth-watering live streaming feature will wow you; It is cost effective to hold a launch on Vskit; The requirements will definitely not be rigorous. Virality of your contents: As seen during the live launch of Infinix to Note 7, a lot more people watched the live stream on Vskit than other applications. We are in an era where Vskit is being embraced by millions of users across Africa. Here’s an opportunity not to be toyed with. Vskit is definitely a welcome addition to the use of other social media applications. While brands trend a hashtag on Instagram and the likes, the same hashtag can be trended on Vskit. Great brands will understand the true meaning of this point. It is also worthy of note that the short video app – Vskit has been able to bring Nigerians closer together during the pandemic. There are hundreds of creative videos being churned out on a daily basis, and we can see that Nigerians are genuinely happy. Celebrities and creative individuals have made the app an everyday life. Celebrities use it to promote themselves or their music, while individuals use the app to test their creative abilities or stay happy. It is also worthy of note that the short video app – Vskit has been able to bring Nigerians closer together during the pandemic. There are hundreds of creative videos being churned out on a daily basis, and we can see that Nigerians are genuinely happy. Celebrities and creative individuals have made the app an everyday life. Celebrities use it to promote themselves or their music, while individuals use the app to test their creative abilities or stay happy. Upcoming brands obviously have no excuse of patronage as there are tons of applications to support them. It’s free to download these apps, and I’ll like to believe that the requirements to hold a live launch will not be rigorous. Let us leverage on the opportunities presented to us, and make ourselves proud. Reading through the comments during the live stream, it’s obvious Nigerians were amazed. I am also hopeful that the brand will continue to promote solutions like live streaming in Nigeria. Vskit is here to stay, and I love how we have embraced the short video app.