The UK Government has said hundreds more British travellers are set to return home from Nigeria on three charter flights. A statement by the British High Commission, confirmed that more than thousands have already returned to the UK on flights in April and May – from Lagos and Abuja. It gave details of the new flights as: Friday 29 May: Lagos – London; Monday 1 June: Lagos – London, Saturday 6 June: Abuja – London. Also, a special internal charter flight will travel from Port Harcourt to Abuja, on Saturday, 6 June to enable British nationals join the same day flight from Abuja to London. Minister of State for Africa, James Duddridge, said: “Brits in Nigeria will now have access to additional repatriation flights, meaning hundreds more will be able to fly home. “We’ve already arranged for around 1,700 people to return home to their friends and family and continue to support British nationals who remain in the country”. Catriona Laing, the British High Commissioner to Nigeria, said: “I am delighted to announce a third wave of flights to take more of our British travellers home from Nigeria – adding to the 1,700 people we’ve already helped since airports closed on 23 April. “If you are eligible and wish to return to the UK, I’d urge you to book seats on these flights as they are likely to be the last charter flights available”. The UK Government said it is working with the airline industry and host governments worldwide to convey British travellers home. This is part of the plan announced by the Foreign Secretary ,Dominic Raab on 30 March – with up to £75 million available for special charter flights to priority countries. “So far, charter flights have returned British travellers from countries including India, the Philippines, Ecuador, Bolivia, Nepal, Ghana, Tunisia, Algeria and Peru”, the statement added Coronavirus: 900 British nationals 'stranded' in Nigeria COVID-19: UK to evacuate other nationals as cases in Nigeria hit 373 COVID-19: UK Govt. reveals arrangement to evacuate citizens from Nigeria