Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, on Tuesday confirmed a total number of 148 new coronavirus cases in the country. Lagos and Kano States have the highest numbers. While Lagos recorded 43 new cases, Kano recorded 32 new cases. 2. Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has said the Control of Infectious Diseases Bill was conceived in the best interests of the Nigerian people. According to him, the allegation that the Bill is a sinister attempt to turn the citizens into guinea pigs for medical research and take away their fundamental human rights was far from the truth. 3. Some COVID-19 patients at the Kwadon Isolation Centre, Yamaltu Deba Local Government Area of Gombe State, on Tuesday blocked the popular Gombe/ Biu Road. The patients were said to be protesting against government’s negligence, inadequate food and medical attention in the isolation centre. 4. Borno State, Deputy Governor, Alhaji Usman Kadafur, has observed that people are still taking the issues of COVID-19 lightly like they did with Boko Haram until the situation ran out of hand and managing it became a problem. Kadafur said when Boko Haram began initially, residents of Maiduguri undermined the fact that the hardliners could turn out to be monsters just like the way they are treating the COVID-19 pandemic. 5. The Senate has called for the decentralization of the Nigeria Police Force as contained in the recommendations of the Senate Ad-hoc Committee on Nigeria security, considered and approved at plenary on Tuesday. Senate spokesperson, Ajibola Basiru, disclosed that the report urged the executive to direct the Ministry of Police Affairs and the Inspector General of Police to “decentralise the police command structure with operational and budgetary powers” vested in the zonal commands. 6. President Muhammadu Buhari on Tuesday opened up on projects that the repatriated $311m from the United States will be expended on Nigeria. President Buhari indicated that the funds have been allocated for infrastructure development that is decades-overdue across Nigeria. 7. Three COVID-19 patients have been discharged in Kano State. The coordinator of the Technical Response Team on COVID-19, Dr Tijjani Hussain, who disclosed this said the patients were discharged after testing negative twice to the virus. 8. The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, has revealed the drug used in treating COVID-19 patients in Nigeria. Ehanire during a press briefing on Tuesday said Nigeria has started using Remdesivir. 9. The Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has kicked against the bill on Infectious Disease Control before the House of Representatives. CAN, in a statement on Tuesday by General Secretary, Joseph Daramola, queried “the rush” to allow the bill to be passed into law with jet speed. 10. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the opening of five COVID-19 Donor Accounts which form part of the existing Treasury Single Account (TSA) arrangement in five commercial banks, CH Reports Henshaw Ogubike, Director Information and Press, Office of the Accountant General of the Federation, who made this known in a statement in Abuja on Tuesday, said the approved banks were Zenith Bank, Access Bank, Guaranty Trust Bank, UBA and First Bank.