The Kwara State Government, on Saturday, recorded the death of a COVID-19 case. This was confirmed in a statement signed by Rafiu Ajakaye, Chief Press Secretary to the Governor/Spokesman, Kwara State Technical Committee on COVID-19. He disclosed that the COVID-19 patient arrived in Kwara from Lagos with a child and has since been receiving treatment. The statement read: “The fellow had recently arrived Kwara from Lagos with his wife and a child shortly after he suffered stroke at his Lagos base. Before his death, the government had treated him, his wife and their child as suspected cases and samples were taken from them. “The results of their samples came back positive. “Unfortunately, he died early Saturday morning even before the family got to know about their COVID status. The government added that the COVID-19 has been buried and everyone at the burial has had their samples taken. “Because of the peculiarity of this development, the Rapid Response Team has moved in to bring all those involved into the isolation centre, including the wife and the child. “We pray to God to repose his soul. We urge citizens to see COVID-19 for what it is: a deadly and highly contagious virus that requires adherence to all safety protocols, including obeying the lockdown order. We repeat that there is no shame or blame in contracting the virus as this is a global pandemic from which no one is immune. “We commiserate with his family on this painful development while also wishing all of our patients quick recovery.” COVID-19: Gov Abdulrazaq orders probe over mishandling of coronavirus case at UITH COVID-19: Five more new cases recorded in Kwara COVID-19: Two cases of Coronavirus confirmed in Kwara These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More