Nigeria has a total of 112 treatment and isolation centres with 5,324 beds as part of the country’s response to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Sen. Olorunnimbe Mamora, the Minister of State for Health, disclosed this on Wednesday, during the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 daily press briefing in Abuja. Mamora said: “Presently, we have 112 treatment and isolation centres with 5,324 beds in all the 36 States including the FCT. “Only 5 states including the FCT have at least 300 beds as prescribed for treatment and isolation, twenty-one states have less than 100 bed spaces. “There is an urgent need to expand our treatment centres across the country as the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases increases daily. He added: “We have commenced development of sector specific advisories on re-opening. “Training of health workers on case management is ongoing in more States. “We have also received a few proposals for local remedies for COVID-19 and these have been forwarded to the relevant agencies for evaluation. “For preparation to be approved for use in Nigeria, it must be subjected to toxicological, safety, and efficacy tests as well as clinical trials.” Meanwhile, the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Nigeria is 8,344, according to NCDC.  Bayelsa govt gives details of four new COVID-19 cases Gbajabiamila hails Obaigbena, Shonubi over fight against coronavirus COVID-19: Abuja opens new treatment, isolation centre These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More