The senior pastor of Awaiting the Second Coming of Jesus Christ Ministry, Adewale Giwa has said that the earlier the government reopens churches the quicker the coronavirus pandemic will vanish. He said it was unfortunate that the world is moving far away from God by preventing Christian fellowships across the globe. Giwa, in a statement to DAILY POST on Thursday, said it was a pity that the people could not see beyond their nose. The cleric revealed that the pandemic had been cooked up a long time ago by those who want to control the world. He said,” It’s a pity that people cannot see beyond their nose. The earlier they reopen the churches the quicker the pandemic will vanish. “Where is your faith? Our faith has been sold for money. Can you imagine a pastor addressing his congregants to sit at home if they love themselves? “I said it in the past that the church was their target. Let me tell you that they have succeeded in creating fear in the minds of unbelievers with their staged pandemic. “Do you know how many people died in Kano mysteriously? In some cases, they inject people to die. “Why are you killing the people you cannot create? The devil has taken over the people, and they don’t believe in the house of God anymore. “The majority of people who support the closure of God’s house claim to be Christians. I am sure no true Christian will support the closure of the church. “We are now living in a society where people don’t know the God they serve. They believe in scientists more than the God who created us. “No wonder Jesus Christ asked in the book of Luke 18:8 that when the Son of Man comes, would he find faith on the earth? “He also said in Matthew 20:16 that the first would be last while the last would be first; for many be called but few chosen. “Those that the people see today as foremost religious leaders are disappointing their members by what they say. “In these trying times, a true man of God would stand by the WORD OF GOD in Matthew 10:26 that tells us to only fear God, not man. “Why are people trading their faith for money after everything God has done for us? Is this how we repay Him,”.? COVID-19: Pastor Adewale Giwa begs Gov. Akeredolu to open churches COVID-19: Akeredolu not doing enough to protect Ondo people - Pastor Adewale Giwa Creators of Coronavirus do not want lockdown lifted- Pastor Giwa