Mavin Producer, Don Jazzy and popular Nigerian Singer, Tiwa Savage, have lamented over the recent killings and happenings in Nigeria. Tiwa took to her Twitter page on Sunday expressing her frustration over the state of the nation while seeking an end. According to her, Nigerians were tired of complaining about the same thing for years without no solution. Her tweet read: #WeAreTired of senseless killings, lorries falling on road and killing passengers, ACs catching fire and burning houses, young girls getting raped, young boys killed by SARS no jobs for graduates. “Please add your own frustration because my list is long. “We are tired of saying the same thing our parents, grand parents, great grand parents have been saying about Nigeria.” Her tweet is coming at a time where Nigerians have also taken to their social media pages lamenting over the death of a female student of University of Benin, UNIBEN, in Edo State, Vera Uwaila Omozuwa. It was learnt that Uwaila, a 100 level Microbiology student of UNIBEN was raped and murdered by some unknown persons while reading in a Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, in Benin City. Also reacting, Don Jazzy took to his Twitter page to call for justice for Uwa. His tweet read: “Not again! Not again! I’m really speechless. Uwa deserves justice and Men should do better.” Here are some other comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Symply_Tacha “Heart breaking to wake up everyday to sad news, it’s sickening and terrifying! We are tired. Uwa was raped and murdered in cold blood while reading inside a CHURCH! What did she do wrong. No one deserves this.” @AuntyAda “So it is literally not about the kind of clothes we wore, it’s not about the kind of places we go, it’s not about how we talk or act. Uwa was in a church, properly dressed but she was raped and killed right inside .This is very sad.” @ReneNoire “Women talk about men raping them everyday and they are blamed for being in the wrong place, dating wrong men, wearing revealing clothes, but Uwa was reading in a church, what is your excuse this time? What is your excuse? My heart hurts! I want justice.” @Thekashope “We are of our sisters and daughters getting raped and abused, we are tired of people dying needlessly, we are tired of the poverty and darkness that has engulfed our nation! @_Ugo_zee “People are dying everyday, girls are being raped to death everyday, police are killing everyday and nobody is doing anything about it .We are tired. This is wickedness, there should be love for humanity. We are supposed to love and protect ourselves, even the police are killing.” @Jayman “We are tired of the same circle of corrupt leaders without good innovative and lack of economy stability ruling us for ages.” @Controllergene “We are tired of lack of electricity,bad roads,poor health care,overpriced real estate, our jobs being taken by government kids , dirty environment. Please give us 24 hours electricity first!” Vera Omozuwa: Apostle Johnson Suleiman reacts to alleged rape, murder of UNIBEN female student inside church Tiwa Savage joins Davido, Wizkid, attacks COZA [VIDEO] Tiwa Savage, Yemi Alade settle differences, perform together [VIDEO] These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More