Nigeria’s first locally made Mine Resistant Ambush Protection Vehicle, called “Ezeugwu MRAP” is set for military operations against Boko Haram and ISWAP. President Muhammadu Buhari commissioned the vehicles in Kaduna last December.  On Monday, a top military officer told PRNigeria that Ezeugwu MRAP will soon join infantry patrol vehicles. The source also gave details of the new assets which are currently 10 units. He explained that Ezeugwu is a 4 by 4 resistance ambush protection automobile designed to carry out extraction of troops, assault and counter-terrorism operations in harsh terrains. The officer said: “Ezeugwu MRAP have been tested and proven to be a game-changer in the fight insurgency because of its features and capacity to ward off terrorists. The Defence Industries Corporation of Nigeria (DICON), and Command Engineering Depot (CED) have also continued to work hard to improve the vehicle. “The improved Ezeugwu MRAP has been tested in the North-East with optimal results. The feedback of its exploits from the theatre of operations led to the production of five additional units of the MRAP bringing total in the operation to 10 units.” MRAP has a maximum output of 375 horsepower, turbo charged diesel engine, with the maximum Turk of 1650 Newton meters and it’s primary and secondary armament are 12.7 anti-aircraft guns and 7.62mm LMG GPMG. The vehicles can resist mine blast of up to 12 kilograms TMT and can protect the troops inside the vehicle. Ezeugwu MRAP has been described as a versatile machine and an innovation that poses a great threat to adversaries. Boko Haram: Troops overrun terrorists with indigenous MRAP, free more captives President Buhari unveils Nigerian Army's innovative vehicle in Kaduna Fredrick Nwabufo: Gen. Adeniyi removed for wailing over Boko Haram? Is Nigeria allergic to truth? These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More