Boss Mustapha, Secretary to the Government of the Federation (SGF) has given details of Thursday’s National Economic Council (NEC) meeting. The first-ever NEC teleconference was chaired by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo. State Governors and relevant government officials joined virtually. In a statement, Mustapha said during the meeting, the issue of alignment of their state level actions with the guidelines issued was emphasized. “Similarly emphasized is the need for states to diligently implement and enforce compliance. Particularly, I underscored the need for the Governors to provide personal and strong leadership, carry the policy of community ownership to the grass roots and create deeper awareness. “The Governors were also advised on the decision taken by some of their colleagues to permit large gatherings as such decisions could inadvertently endanger the elderly, the sick and those with underlying factors during such gatherings.” The SGF, also the Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, reiterated the categories of persons and services exempted from inter-state movement and curfew. He listed them as medical personnel, journalists, fire/emergency service personnel, telecommunications workers and bankers on duty. “The Inspector General of Police has further clarified the categories of essential workers in alignment with the guidelines and has issued instructions to security agents to work on the approved exemptions.” Mustapha added that the PTF has received reports that Nigerians have been purchasing hydrxoychloroquine in large quantities. He reiterated that the drug has not been certified for use in treating COVID-19 in Nigeria by the relevant health and pharmaceutical authorities. “Self-medication of any kind is fraught with the danger of increasing risks of avoidable casualties. If you are sick, please seek medical advice and if you are confirmed positive, kindly self-isolate in an approved facility”, the PTF boss noted. Osinbajo meets eight governors, Boss Mustapha over COVID-19 COVID-19: Osinbajo, 36 States Governors declare stands on ban on religious gatherings, provide updates COVID-19 lockdown broadcast: Buhari, Mustapha causing confusion in Nigeria - PDP raises alarm