The Bauchi State Government says so far, none of its COVID-19 patients in the state’s intensive care units. Briefing newsmen at Government House, Bauchi, Wednesday, the State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Aliyu Maigoro, also announced the efforts of the state government to curtail the spread of the virus. He also said that no severe cases of the virus were recorded in the state since the outbreak of coronavirus disease. According to him, out of its 182 confirmed cases, 23 have been fully recovered and discharged from the novel disease. He regretted that, while 164 patients are currently on treatment, the state also recorded 8 new cases of the virus. “As at today, in Bauchi State we don’t have any COVID-19 patient in our intensive care units, and also we don’t have any severe cases of the virus. “For COVID-19, you must wait for 14 days to see the level of condition of the patients whether they show any symptom of the virus or not. The Health Commissioner said with the review in the protocol on COVID-19 pandemic, the delay in accessing tests from Jos, Plateau State will be minimal. “Immediately you get the first test result, you can discharge the patient, because the pattern in Nigeria, after a patient is tested negative for the first time, the second will also be negative. “So far, we have not put any of our patient on ventilation since the outbreak of coronavirus disease in the state.” DAILY POST asked whether pregnant women with coronavirus disease can affect the health of their babies, Aliyu Maigoro noted that, up to now, transmission of coronavirus from mother to child based on studies is yet to be proven. “COVID-19, is a novel disease, meaning, we are still studying it, transmission of coronavirus from mother to child which we called vertical transmission, up to now the studies has not proven.” COVID-19: Ondo index case tests negative as Akeredolu orders compulsory wearing of face mask COVID-19: Osun records another death, discharges index case, others COVID-19: Bauchi govt locks down Yankari Game Reserve to tourists