Operatives of the Kwara State Police Command have arrested five notorious criminals with six AK-47 rifles recovered from them as the clampdown on violators of the interstate travels ban intensifies. The state Police Commissioner, Mr. Kayode Egbetokun, who announced this in Ilorin the state capital Thursday, said the arrested persons included a man from Katsina State involved in the kidnapping of a Special Assistant (SA) in Nasarawa State. He said they were arrested at different locations in the state by operatives of the state police command. Speaking while presiding over the meeting of the presidential Joint Technical Task Team, JTTT, on Emergency Response to COVID-19 on Challenges of Movement of Food and Agricultural inputs in the country at the police command headquarters in Ilorin, he said the command would not compromise the security of the state and the country as a whole. He expressed concern over violation of the interstate travels ban by truck drivers smuggling passengers across the state borders. Egbetokun disclosed that “between April to date, we have arrested five notorious criminals with dangerous weapons, and recovered six AK-47 rifles from these notorious criminals who are relocating from other states where they have committed crimes and want to come and continue here. “We arrested someone involved in the kidnapping of one SA (Special Assistant) in Nasarawa and ran from Katsina to Kwara State to come and continue his criminal activities, we recovered one AK-47 rifle from him,” he stated. He said another person was also arrested along Kanbi-Oloru axis and one AK-47 rifle recovered from him too, while another one from Zamfara state was also arrested with two AK-47 rifles recovered from him. Egbetokun still on the harvest of arrest of criminals within the lockdown period, said “along Ogbomosho-Ilorin road, we arrested notorious criminals who had been terrorising people, with rifles, recovered. It was during this pandemic that they were all arrested.” He said border security was the major challenge in the state, adding that “there is the need to educate our drivers, on approaching security agents at the border, they drop their passengers who would walk down and go and meet them at an agreed point. “We have just discovered that and anyone caught will be dealt with,” he warned.