Youths of Ibiade in Ogun Waterside Local Government area of Ogun State were said to have taken to the street to protest the death of a pregnant woman. DAILY POST learnt that the unnamed pregnant woman, on Thursday afternoon, died at a police checkpoint on her way to the hospital. The deceased woman, while going to the hospital for delivery was reportedly stopped by the police who were enforcing the COVID-19 lockdown order in the area. The woman who was conveyed with a motorbike allegedly died at the police checkpoint while they were being questioned by the cops. Angry youths in Ibiade were said to have taken the corpse of the woman to however Abigi Divisional Police Headquarters, blaming the police for being responsible for her death. Some of them alleged that the motorcycle carrying the woman was delayed because the police were demanding money from them before they could be allowed to go. But, Ogun State, while confirming the incident, denied the involvement of its men. The state police spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, said the officers on official duty enforcing the lockdown order stopped the bike for carrying three persons, violating the social distancing order of two occupants on a bike. Abimbola declared that “our officers were not responsible for the pregnant woman’s death.” He said there were three occupants on a motorcycle as against the directive of the state government. He said they were questioned on why they did not obey the sit-at-home order, adding that they were asked to go when they informed the police that the woman was being conveyed to hospital for delivery. Oyeyemi said the police stopped them to be sure the woman was not being kidnapped. He stressed that the woman did not die at the police checkpoint. Meanwhile, DAILY POST learnt that normalcy has been restored in the area with the prompt intervention of community leaders We've released corpse of dead COVID-19 pregnant woman to her husband - Ogun FMC 33 minors in Ebonyi arrested on suspicions of crime COVID-19 Lockdown: Task force operatives allegedly beat tricycle operator to death in Aba