Governor Umar Ganduje of Kano State has come under attack for easing the lockdown order in the state despite a spike in cases of COVID-19. DAILY POST reported that Ganduje on Saturday relaxed the Presidential lockdown order imposed on the state despite a record of 92 new cases. The Governor announced that Mondays and Thursdays would be lockdown free days, especially between 10 am and 4pm. His action has, however, stirred reactions from Nigerian on social media, accusing him of putting the lives of Kano residents at risk. Here are some comments as curated by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Talibvnk “Ganduje is aiming for that N15billion, relaxes lockdown while the number of new cases keeps increasing. This man is not ok.” @Ngwoke_ifeanyi “How can a state government relax a federal government lockdown? I don’t understand o. I thought the quarantine act gives Buhari power to lock down the state? @Oluwakanyonsola “Ganduje is a danger to national security. Something needs to be done to that man. @Mustapha637 “Imagine! Ganduje is a problem to the fight against the COVID pandemic. I once shared a tweet where I said, Kano may be the epicenter of the COVID-19 it’s becoming a reality. Watch out! @Fidel_aa “Gosh this Governor is going to get people killed.” @Blackwolf “Are you sure this man is responsible to the people of this state at all?
Even in between the whole drama going on, you’re still releasing what? Why now? @Missanaks “Ganduje probably has his own agenda for this situation. Get as many people infected as possible so Bubu will give him the 15bn he asked for.” @JoelOma_attah “Buhari refused to give Ganduje money, Ganduje wants to disgrace him, Power pass power. Restructuring is no longer a choice it a must.” @DOlusegun “What exactly is wrong with Ganduje? What is his problem? Has he no advisers? The Emir of Rano just died due to suspected contact of COVID 19? Where the Progressives Governors Forum? Who will stop this clown? @PaulofOmola “Ganduje should be tried for crimes against humanity because I don’t understand again.” @Opey3mi “Why is Ganduje overriding a presidential directive? This is the same bullshit Dapo Abiodun did at some point. This doesn’t make any sense.” @Frediecruze “The Federal Government should better give Ganduje the N15bn he is seeking for. The man is putting the entire Country in Danger. Buhari, on the other hand, is probably unaware of the dire situation.” @Gambit “Ganduje wants more people to get infected in Kano so that he can get money. That’s his plan. He’s got his eyes locked on that N15bn.”