May Day is not solely a time of commemoration for the working class. Events like the deaths past weeks of over a hundred healthcare workers across the world serve to remind us that this is also a solemn occasion, a time when we bow our heads in respect for those who have fallen. On May Day, we remember that the red on the insignia of most workers’ federation is not by accident or for artistic reasons. The blood of workers has dyed its every fold. A Nigerian doctor exposed to a COVID-19 patient at his private clinic died from the SARS-COV-2 infection. Emeka Chugbo was taken to the Lagos University Teaching Hospital on a Monday with “severe symptoms” and died on a Wednesday that same week. A UK pregnant nurse died before she could meet her daughter; Mary Agyeiwaa Agyapong was admitted to hospital on April 7, having tested positive for the COVID-19 two days previously.
Most of these healthcare staff are working on the frontline and caring for patients, while some were retired but continued to work. Rarely before has a crisis of such magnitude impacted so many, in such a short time, across our planet. This is an unprecedented challenge to our societies, which humanity must face together to defeat. Workers are absolute idealists and employers should make every effort to retain their workers and assist them through the difficulties posed by the ravaging effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. Workers must accept wage sacrifices and austerity measures to keep businesses going. Employers should not drop workers at the first sign of economic distortions, both employers and workers are to take a longer-term view, and workers must strive to help businesses survive while companies will be better placed to rebuild when the economy picks up. The COVID-19 pandemic reminds us of the everyday heroes who live among us especially our health care workers. Despite the enormous challenges and overwhelming stresses that come their way, the added strain on the health care system and the demands on them physically and emotionally, they are still there to keep mothers and babies healthy and safe, and to deliver essential health care to children. I salute thee But in every situation, we must give thanks to God. KeneChukwu Okeke, MCSD.
National Coordinator, Good Governance Initiative