The Nigerian Medical Association has tasked President Mohammadu Buhari to intervene in the continued obstruction of the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) from carrying out its mandate by the governments of Kogi and Cross River States. This impedance according to the association is despite the lofty provisions in the NCDC Act (2018) which empowers it to “prevent, detect, monitor and control” activities and programs for the national response against infectious diseases, epidemics and other public health emergencies. The NMA says the development and continued hostility against NCDC is not only unfortunate but highly condemnable. The medical association registered its displeasure in a statement signed by its National President, Dr. Francis Faduyile, as Nigeria records its 5000th COVID-19 positive case. While appealing for calm from the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria (PSN) over the government’s plan to take delivery of Madagascar herbal remedy, Covid Organics, the association said the move is perhaps an effort to seek a solution by all possible means. It, however, lamented the inability of Nigeria to lead the black race’s response against the pandemic as the acclaimed giant. ‘‘We appreciate the concerns of our colleagues in the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria (PSN) and bemoan the situation where Nigeria appears to be lagging and not leading the black race’s response against the pandemic. ‘‘NMA insists that the herbal mixture undergoes due diligence based on scientific methods before authorizing its use in the polity while urging the government to leapfrog the revitalization of research and production activities of our pharmaceutical industries.’’ The NMA has also cautioned the federal government to implement international COVID-19 protocols only as it serves the Nigerian purpose. ‘‘The peculiarities in Nigeria should be taken into consideration as the FG adopts this regulations. Nigeria has an average of six (6) persons per household; and consequently, wholesale adoption of this guideline may not be applicable here.’’ ‘‘We risk an explosive regime of community transmission if we adopt the guidelines completely without modifications, especially in situations of poor housing and overcrowding. ‘‘NMA is of the firm conviction that revamping our abandoned General Hospitals and Primary Health Centres (PHCs) will mitigate the challenges with home treatment and acute shortage of bed spaces. We still maintain that Isolation and Treatment centres should stand alone to avoid the nosocomial spread of this infection especially in settings of poor hygiene practices.’’ Nigeria's elite avoiding isolation centres, infecting doctors with Coronavirus - NMA COVID-19: Medical doctors reveal what will happen if Nigeria relaxes lockdown on Monday COVID-19: Presidency lists actions taken by President Buhari so far against Coronavirus