The Kaduna State Government says a four-month-old child who tested positive to COVID-19 has been discharged leaving 76 active cases in the state as at Friday. Giving an update on COVID-19 in the state, the Commissioner of Health, Dr Amina Mohammed Baloni, in a statement on Saturday, said out of the total number of 232 cases reported, 149 have been discharged, while seven deaths have been recorded. The Commissioner explained that the state has so far tested almost 2000 samples, saying that the case numbers are likely to increase as more tests are conducted in other places. She said that COVID-19 cases have been recorded in 33 wards in nine local government areas of Chikun, Giwa, Igabi, Kaduna North, Kaduna South, Makarfi, Sabon-Gari, Soba and Zaria, stressing that the data shows that 80% of the infected persons are male. The Commissioner explained that in addition to public health warnings to avoid interstate travel, the state health officials have been engaged in vigorous contact tracing to contain the spread of the infections. The statement explained that most of the cases have either a history of interstate travel or are contacts with infected persons. She noted that the Ministry has further stepped up active case searching and testing in communities to curb secondary infections, adding that the testing capacity of the state is being enhanced to enable more aggressive testing in the coming weeks. Dr. Amina Mohammed Baloni observed that the state has taken delivery of a mobile testing truck a few days ago, adding that it awaits the delivery of equipment that would enable the mobile truck and 12 GeneXpert machines spread across several general hospitals to increase the number of testing labs in the state. The statement observed that the flexibility of a mobile testing vehicle and testing labs in local government areas would enable the state to ascertain with greater accuracy its COVID-19 status and allow the data to inform further decisions on reopening the state. The statement noted that the testing laboratory in Yusuf Dantsoho Hospital is awaiting the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control(NCDC) validation. Kaduna: El-Rufai’s govt gives latest update on COVID-19 cases in state Kaduna discharges three COVID-19 patients Kaduna Govt to fight against COVID-19 patient stigmatization