A cross section of Nigerians has expressed worries over the increasing rate of confirmed coronavirus cases in Nigeria. This is coming after the Nigeria Center for Disease Control, NCDC confirmed 338 cases of COVID-19 on Thursday night. As of Friday morning, Nigeria passed the 7000 mark of confirmed cases. According to NCDC data, the total number of confirmed cases stands at 7016, with 211 deaths recorded. In a week, Nigerians have seen the number increase from 6000 to 7000. This has raised concerns and fears in the minds of Nigerians. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @Charlesogb77 “The number keeps increasing,it is heading for more as FG relaxes the lockdown. I Pray it will reduce by month end.” @Osee80 “In just a week Nigeria moved from 6k to 7k, Kano sef don resume, 139 in Lagos.” @Inemstee “With the rising figures of COVID-19 and the rate of malaria and typhoid right now in Nigeria,I feel most of the reported cases are malaria.Almost everyone in Nigeria right now has malaria symptoms including lost of taste and smell.” @PriscilliaOmoba “This numbers are bad oh,the death rate is too high.What is going on? @TheRoy “With 139 new Covid-19 cases yesterday alone and a total of 700” Covid-19 cases, Lagos already has the ‘population’ of a big country. Are those infected with Covid-19 there going about hugging, shaking & kissing those not infected? Lagos is a threat to the rest of the country.” @Elisawit1 “We need to work on this death cases. The value is too much in percentage compared to sub-sahara Africa. We don’t have to wait to 10k death before we know the death is too high. We acted faster than nations experiencing this type of fatal percentage. Compare with Ghana not America.” @Gracedup1 “Edo state is fast becoming a hot bed. @GovernorObaseki ,what is going on? Is the increase in number as a result of ramped testing? What measures are you putting in place to slow down the spread? @Akintokung “Previously Lagos and FCT lead the daily confirmed covid cases. Lagos then went high to 3 digits but the FCT remain low & other states now show daily higher results compared to FCT. What is FCT doing differently to keep the number checked. Govs Should look into it and replicate.” @EmmanuelEAkey “Jurisdiction of Presidential task force is FCT,Lagos and Ogun. Nigeria governors are not in same spirit with NCDC directives.” Fear grips Nigerians as NCDC confirms 17 COVID-19 deaths in 24hours Nigeria records 339 cases of COVID-19 as toll hits 7016 COVID-19 opportunity to turn Nigeria around - Osinbajo