The federal government has said health challenges like tuberculosis, hypertension, diabetes, HIV, kidney disease and cancer are responsible for 70 per cent of COVID-19 deaths in Nigeria. The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, stated this during the daily briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Thursday. Ehanire also noted that 70 per cent of deaths were males, while the remaining 30% are females. Majority of positive cases recorded so far are between 29 and 49. He said: “The core morbidity of the fatalities we have had to COVID-19, 70% of them have hypertension, or diabetes, and the rest were kidney disease, HIV, cancer, tuberculosis and other sundry challenge. “A finding from the analysis of the death patterns shows 70% to 30% for male and female around that ratio and about 70% fatalities were persons who are 60 years old while majority of positives were between the ages of 29 and 49; those are the most active ages in life.” As at Thursday night, Nigeria had recorded 6,677 confirmed cases of Coronavirus. A total of 1,840 patients have been recorded, while 200 have died. Buhari govt bans inter-state movement of COVID-19 patients Coronavirus: 70 percent of cases are men - Health minister Yobe records 471 deaths within five weeks amid coronavirus pandemic - Report reveals These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More