The Arewa Youths Consultative Forum, AYCF, has said the controversy surrounding the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, is an indication that Nigeria needs to be restructured. AYCF National President, Yerima Shettima stated that the issue of SARS has shown that the federal government needs to devolve power to the states for better monitoring. Shettima stated that the police would perform better if not completely under the federal government. The AYCF National President stated this while speaking with DAILY POST on Tuesday. According to Shettima: “The issue of SARS is one of the problems of this country and why we keep saying the centre can’t continue to hold on to such powers. “Some of these issues must be devolved down to the level of the states. Going back to police ethics and culture, the police is controlled by the center. “For you to understand better you notice that a governor has a Commissioner of Police in his state but there is a limit to the advice or order he can give. “Oftentimes, he consults the centre which is the IGP before implementing such orders and this is not supposed to be. “Going by that, the establishment of SARS was a brilliant idea but because oftentimes, some of these people take things for granted. And because it’s not directly under the supervision of the CP of a state, they just make special arrangements for themselves. “I, however, commend the IGP for looking at the issue of SARS thoroughly and realizing that there are certain implications that are not okay. Mind you, this is an IG that won’t tolerate any form of nonsense due to his determination. In fact, one of the best IGP’s in the history of Nigeria. “Following the outcry, the IGP immediately swung into action and took a major decision which is right and in the best interest of Nigerians. I, however, hope that the police under his leadership will come up with a better strategy, probably change the name and come up with a better unit that would tackle some of this cybercrime, robbery, and so on, I have no doubt because he knows what he’s doing, he has a lot to offer this country.”