The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has given an update on the recruitment of teachers into public secondary schools in the state. DAILY POST reports that the state government commenced the recruitment of teachers in the last quarter of 2019. No fewer than 29,000 persons were said to have applied for the 1,500 vacant teaching positions as of November 2019. It will be recalled that qualified applicants were later shortlisted for interviews. Checks by our correspondent confirmed that the recruitment exercise was stalled by the COVID-19 pandemic which brought about the closure of schools for almost six months in Ogun State. Speaking on Monday, the Governor informed that 1,655 graduates would be employed as teachers. According to Abiodun, the process for the recruitment of the 1,655 graduate teachers to fill some of the vacancies existing in public secondary schools in the State was at an advanced stage. He assured that successful applicants will be contacted in due time. Abiodun disclosed this while addressing executive members of the Nigerian Union of be Teachers (NUT), Academic Staff Union Secondary Schools (ASUSS) and All Nigerian Conference of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPSS), to mark this year’s World Teachers Day in his office at Oke-Mosan Abeokuta on Monday. The Governor also informed that approval for career elongation of primary school teachers to Grade Level 15 has been approved. As part of activities marking the 2020 Teachers’ Day, Abiodun appreciated award-winning teachers in the State with cash prizes and a house. A statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Kunle Somorin, revealed that “the Governor offered Mr Odegbola Ayodele, a Junior Secondary School teacher from Abeokuta Grammar school, who also won the overall Best Teacher in the state, a two-bedroom bungalow in the state-owned Princes Court. “Mr. Adewale Abayomi, from Odua Comprehensive High School, Imoru, who was the Best Teacher in the Senior Secondary category, was given the sum of N2.5m and Mrs. Mary Adeyemi from St. Paul’s School II, Sagamu, who was the best Primary School Teacher went home with a cash gift of N2m from the governor.”