The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, on Monday, alleged that operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, were secretly killing and selling body parts of its members. IPOB claimed that SARS operatives were killing and selling the body parts of its members to ritualists. The separatist group made the allegation in a statement signed and issued by its spokesman, Emma Powerful. According to Powerful: “We the global family of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great Leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu wish to bring to the notice of the international community the unabated secret abduction, torture, detention, and killing of our members by the wicked Nigeria security agents. “These callous beings in security uniform also sell off the body parts of some of their victims to ritualists. At the helm of this atrocity and inhumanity is the Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS). “The Nigeria Police SARS in Awkuzu Anambra State and Obigbo in Igweocha Rivers State as well as Anti kidnapping squad security stationed at Enugu Ukwu in Anambra State are in constant hunt for IPOB member. They have also been responsible for the disappearance of many innocent Biafrans some of whom they have wasted thinking they are IPOB members. “Many Biafran youths detained illegally in their different cells have disappeared mysteriously without any trace of their bodies until recently when our intelligence revealed that body parts of these innocent victims are being sold to ritualistic, while some are destroyed with acid to conceal evidence. IPOB members in Anambra, Enugu, Igweocha Rivers, Delta, Abia, Imo and other states are missing everyday. “It is regrettable that many parents and families looking for their children detained illegally in the SARS cells across Biafraland, may not see them again. For instance. “Mazi Isaac Okwuchukwu from Ogidi, Mazi Solomon Nwankwo from Oraifite and Mazi Tochukwu Onyebuchi from Nkpor and many others, were all taken away and killed by the men of Nigeria SARS at Awkuzu in Oyi LGA of Anambra State. “Since 1945 the elimination of Biafra civilian population and unarmed citizens has been continued unabated in Nigeria. But it’s time to stop this systematic massacre of Biafrans in Nigeria. IPOB will no longer tolerate this dastardly act and state -sponsored genocide.
The world must rise against this abomination. “It’s rather a shame and an international embarrassment that the same Nigeria security which could not protect Borno State Governor from Boko Haram terrorists who attacked his convoy and killed no fewer than 30 persons including security operatives, is busy chasing innocent IPOB members in Biafra land. Instead of dealing with the terrorists that are daily reducing the number of Nigeria soldiers and civilians, the security agents are busy crushing unarmed freedom agitators. What a shame!”