The Trade Union Congress of Nigeria (TUC) has condemned President Muhammadu Buhari’s comparison of Nigeria and Saudi Arabia. President Buhari during his Independence Day speech had compared the oil price in Nigeria to those of neighbouring countries and even Saudi Arabia, stating that it made no sense for oil to be cheaper in Nigeria than other oil-producing nations. According to him, “In the circumstances, a responsible government must face realities and take tough decisions.” He also revealed that petroleum prices in Nigeria are to be adjusted. It now sells at N161 per litre. Reacting, the President of the TUC, Quadri Olaleye, in a statement, said Nigeria should never be compared with other countries, adding that the country had achieved nothing despite six decades of oil exploration. Olaleye said successive governments had looted, laundered and wasted the country’s resources while patronising hospitals outside the country. “It is like comparing black and white and this is very bad. “It is so ridiculous to compare Nigeria with Saudi, Dubai, or any other country, not even in Africa because with the natural resources that we have, we could rule the world, but government is not interested. “There is no need for this comparison because it looks like the president is defending fraud and the impoverishment of Nigerians. “The truth is Nigeria has achieved nothing with all the money made from oil since over six decades of oil exploration in commercial quality. Absolutely nothing. “All successive leaderships have done is loot, launder and buy properties in foreign land. “So, if the president is defending the hike in pump price, what does he want to do with the surplus they will make from the hike. “I am really sure that they will come up with the same old story of providing infrastructure when Our roads are nothing but death traps. “Our leaders are not patriotic at all. In Saudi Arabia now, roads, water, and to some extent, jobs are not big issues. “But then on the other hand, Nigerians contend with estimated bills because power firms had refused to provide meters,” he said.