The Super Eagles face a tough test against Tunisia in Austria when both sides clash in an international friendly. Both sides had a contrasting experience on the international scene on Friday as Nigeria was beaten 0-1 by Algeria. Tunisia defeated Sudan ahead of the AFCON qualifiers next month. With the Tuesday fixture drawing nearer by the minutes, DAILY POST evaluates the reasons why the Super Eagles must be wary ahead of playing against North African side Tunisia. North Africans iota Of Revenge The Northern Africans would be coming into the Nigeria/Tunisia match with the hope for a back to back win after beating Sudan on Friday. However, the major concern ahead of their meeting with Nigeria could stem from a desire for revenge. Losing the third-place match may not have boarded quite well with Tunisia and they would be out to challenge the Super Eagles with the keen interested to pay Nigerians back in their own coin. How they go about achieving this feature would increase the anticipation ahead of the match as battle looms between both sides in the international friendly. Tunisia’s Lease of Confidence The confidence level of the Tunisians have improved owing to the fortune they enjoyed against Sudan. They defeated the modest African side 3-0 thanks to three individual goals from Saif-Eddine Khaoui, Maaloul Ali and Anis Ben Slimane. It would be a great advantage for them heading into the challenge to face Nigeria’s Super Eagles on the back of that convincing win on Friday. Such victory would have done enough for their general team confidence and that could be key for them to face the wounded Nigerian side seeking redemption when they meet on Tuesday. Pressure on Nigeria Nigeria and Tunisia had contrasting results on Friday’s international friendly. Nigeria took on Algeria while Tunisia played Sudan. Algeria defeated Nigeria 0-1 but Tunisia was on top of their game dispatching Sudan with three sensational goals. With Nigeria set to face Tunisia on Tuesday, expectations would be high on the Gernot Rohr led team. Nigeria would be expected to make amends with a win at all cost not minding the friendly nature of the match. Such expectation could instigate pressure on the young Nigeria side as they will be saddled with the ultimate task to remedy their image. Such a scenario would give Tunisia the bragging right when they trade tackles with Nigeria, even as it creates room for calmness and fewer concerns for them as they face off with Rohr.