Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. The Governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Akeredolu, is on his way to winning a re-election. Akeredolu, who contested in the Saturday’s governorship election on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), is in an early lead as results continue to trickle in from polling units across the state. Although, Jegede and Ajayi have pulled their weights in certain polling units (PU) and local government areas, Akeredolu has generally garnered more votes. 2. A former Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, on Saturday said the Nigerian government should provide an enabling environment for the Anti-Special Robbery Squad, SARS, protesters across the country. Atiku said the Nigerian government should provide a non-toxic environment for youths to protest. Declaring his support for the ongoing anti-SARS protest nationwide, Atiku tweeted that a new policy that would enthrone the interest of Nigerians should be considered by the government. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari’s daughter, Zahra, has expressed support for the ongoing End SARS protests. Zahra posted one of the viral images, which shows three fists with the hashtag #EndPoliceBrutality, on her Instagram stories. The same image was uploaded by Kiki Osinbajo, daughter of the Vice-President, Yemi Osinbajo. Kiki also put the picture up on her Instagram stories. 4. The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the Saturday’s governorship poll in Ondo State, Eyitayo Jegede, has accused the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) of creating problems for voters. Jegede, who won his polling unit, also urged INEC to improve on its performances. According to him, INEC’s performance during the Edo State governorship election was better compared to that of Ondo as they are creating problems for voters. He stated this on Saturday while briefing newsmen at the Sacred Heart Primary School along Cathedral Road in Akure. 5. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has said that there was no loss of election materials or life from the boat mishap that happened within Ilaje Local Government Area on Friday night. INEC’s Resident Electoral Commissioner for Ondo State, Mr Rufus Akeju, stated this while speaking with journalists on Saturday in Akure. 6. Betty Akeredolu, wife of Ondo State Governor, has reacted to a viral video showing that she was injured in a polling unit at the Saturday’s governorship election in the State. The Ondo First Lady berated those behind the video, saying the sponsors of such footage were insane. The Governor’s wife spoke at their Owo residence, saying that the viral video was meant to damage the voting exercise. 7. One of the youths clamouring for the ban of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS), an arm of the Nigeria Police Force, was on Saturday shot dead in Ogbomoso town of Oyo State. The victim was shot in the leg when the protesters got to Owode Police station in Ogbomoso. 8. Seyi Makinde, Governor of Oyo State, has said the constitution backs Nigerians protesting against the alleged brutality of the police Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS. Makinde made the remark in a response to the killing of a protester and the injuring of others allegedly by police officers in Ogbomosho area of the state. The governor said the End SARS protest was an indication of systemic failure in the country, and that police brutality has further exposed the fact that governors are not CSO of their states. 9. The Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, has reacted to Friday’s attack on Imoru police station in Ijebu-Ode area of the state. In a statement on Saturday, Gov Abiodun appealed to protesters not to resort to destruction of police stations and public property over the activities of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) unit of the Nigeria Police Force. 10. An unknown police officer has joined the anti-Special Robbery Squad, SARS, protest in Lagos State. The officer joined the protest in Ikeja area of Lagos State. In a viral video, the police officer lamented that his brother was a victim of SARS brutality. He lamented that despite being a policeman, he paid heavily when his brother was picked up by SARS operatives.