Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Protesters around Kings Square in Benin City, the capital city of Edo State have broken the walls of the headquarters of the Nigeria Correctional Centre (Nigeria prisons in Benin). The protesters, after gaining entrance into the prison through the fence, freed inmates in the prisons along Benin Sapele Road, near Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ office. 2. The Edo State Government has imposed a 24-hour curfew across the state. A statement by the secretary to the state government, Osarodion Ogien said the curfew will take effect from 4:00 pm, October 19, 2020, till further notice, Channels reports. 3. There was pandemonium Monday morning as the People of Kano took to the streets protesting violently against the alleged killing of a 17-year-old boy Saifullahi. Saifullahi of Kofar Mata quarters was said to have been arrested 2 days ago by the police, while he was sleeping at his family house. 4. Officers of the Nigerian Police have fired teargas at End SARS protesters in the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Abuja The policemen intercepted the protesters at the John Kennedy Street as they attempt to march through the back gate of the Presidential Villa. 5. The Governor of Lagos State, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has directed all students in public and private schools to stay at home from Tuesday, October 20 following the rising tensions in the ongoing #EndSARS protests around the states. The Commissioner for Education, Mrs Folasade Adefisayo, announced this on Monday. 6. Edo State Deputy Governor, Philip Shaibu has said hoodlums have hijacked the End SARS protests in Benin City, the State capital. The Deputy Governor, who confirmed that there were jail breaks in two Correctional Centres on Monday, said 3 ladies were raped and many others killed by reckless drivers. 7. The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on Monday, submitted a list of 35 operatives of the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) to the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), for prosecution. Tony Ojukwu, who is the NHRC’s Executive Secretary, said the list is an extract of the full report of the Special Presidential Panel on SARS which was submitted to President Muhammadu Buhari, on June 3, 2019. 8. Miyetti Allah, has asserted that some Southern politician are using the ongoing End SARS protests as plot to overthrow President Mohammadu Buhari. The Fulani pastoral group, described the blockage of roads and major highways by the protesters as a scheme to ground the entire country. 9. A young man was gunned down on Monday in Auchi, Edo State during the End SARS protest. The deceased, whose identity is still unknown, was allegedly shot to death by some soldiers deployed to the area. 10. The Senior Pastor of Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Dr. Paul Enenche, on Monday, led a prophetic prayer walk for Nigeria. The prayer walk, which was be led by Dr. Paul and Dr. Becky Enenche, kicked off at the National Christian Ecumenical Centre, Central Area, Abuja by 8am.