Gunmen suspected to be Fulani herdsmen on Monday night attacked and killed a Traditional Ruler, Da Chung Gyang Mwadkon and five other residents in Wereng Village of Riyom Local Government Area of Plateau State. DAILY POST recalls that the attack is coming barely two weeks after a traditional ruler, Da Bulus Chuwang Janka, the Acting Gwom Rwey of Foron District was killed in his residence at Rasat, Foron District of Barkin Ladi Local Government Area of the state by unknown persons. Confirming the incident, Member Representing Riyom Constituency in the Plateau State House of Assembly, Hon. Timothy Dantong said the attack took place on Monday night by suspected herdsmen while the villagers were asleep. Dantong disclosed that three persons injured during the attack are now receiving treatment at Vom Christian Hospital. The Lawmaker condemned the attack and described it as “barbaric”. He urged security agencies to ensure that perpetrators are arrested. He expressed sadness that his constituents are persistently being killed by unknown gunmen, and Riyom has suffered attacks since 2001. DAILY POST investigation reveals that the deceased traditional ruler, Da Chung Gyang Mwadkon is the Acting Village Head of Wereng and was awaiting coronation. Meantime, the Spokesman of the Plateau State Police Command, ASP Gabriel Ogaba, who also confirmed the Monday night attack, said the Commissioner Police in the State has deployed more security to the village. Ogaba added that investigation is ongoing to ensure that the perpetrators of the attack are arrested. DAILY POST further recalls that last week, the Senator representing Plateau North Senatorial District, Istifanus Gyang, had at plenary raised a red flag on the targeted assassination of traditional rulers in Plateau State and particularly the recent two being from his Senatorial Zone. Gyang had reeled out about ten traditional rulers that were gruesomely murdered in their domain in Plateau State and made a case for security to be tightened around traditional rulers, to ensure that the increasing threat to their safety is averted. The Deputy Chairman, Senate Committee on Defence beckoned on the Inspector General of Police to direct the Commissioner of Police in Plateau State to mobilize and beef up security in Plateau North and the state as a whole, stressing that it needs urgent attention.