A chieftain of All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State, Joseph Olasunkanmi Tegbe has disclosed that the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) repeatedly acted outside its purview. Tegbe alleged that SARS operatives have killed many young minds, extorting, maiming and harassing many others. He insisted that brutality by SARS operatives and other security agencies in the country is totally unacceptable in a civilized society governed by laws. Tegbe, a gubernatorial aspirant on the platform of APC in 2019 said that all Nigerians should join hands with protesting youths who are calling for the ban of SARS. In a statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday in Ibadan, Tegbe said that SARS operatives have acted outside the purview of the arm of the police, as he alleged that SARS operatives have killed many of young minds, extorting, maiming and harassing many more. He said that he was impressed and inspired with the determination shown by young Nigerians to, once and for all, put a stop to Police brutality and reject the operations of SARS. He remarked that police reform must be holistic, decisive and conclusive. Tegbe said, “I am extremely impressed and inspired with the determination shown by young Nigerians to, once and for all, put a stop to Police brutality and reject the operations of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, an arm of the Police that has repeatedly acted outside its purview and killed many of your young minds, extorting, maiming and harassing many more. “I have always believed that young people hold the key to the reform and development of the Nigerian society. All they need do is engage, organize and act! “Commendably, we saw the movement of the people who have had enough; citizens who don’t want to live in constant fear of being shot or maimed, people who demand protection rather than harassment from law enforcement agencies, people who just wanted to stay alive, above every other thing. No longer will it be said that Nigerians don’t have a voice. The Nigerian Youth have spoken and taken it beyond the media. It was loud enough for the world to hear and precise enough to make a change. “Brutality by SARS and other agencies are totally unacceptable in a civilized society governed by laws. It should be condemned by all. It was therefore saddening to hear of the deaths, manhandling and harassment of peaceful protesters and bystanders in Ogbomoso – Oyo State, Surulere – Lagos and other places. I offer my condolences to the families of the victims. These happenings have indeed underlined the urgent need to make sweeping changes. “It is noteworthy that the President has sanctioned the dissolution of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad and committed to a total reform of the Police and other agencies. Civil Society groups have been engaged to monitor the process. While this is commendable, I must state that eternal freedom is the price of liberty. Never again should we condone our forces going rogue. The reform must be holistic, decisive and conclusive”.