Arsenal would take on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men on Sunday afternoon with just two points adrift of them (Red Devils) in the Premier League table. The London side has suffered back-to-back defeat against Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City and Brendan Rodgers Leicester City, respectively. The Gunners have amassed nine points from opening six fixtures for the season, with regular recovery and injury-laden scenario in Arsenal’s treatment room recently, however, Mikel Arteta has a number of selection issues to deal with regarding Sunday’s clash between both sides. An analysis of the London side’s possible line-up could see Gabriel Martinelli absent because of a knee issue as the team bids to clip United’s wings away from home. Absent; Rob Holding (hamstring), Pablo Mari (ankle), Gabriel Martinelli (knee) Doubtful; David Luiz (thigh), Calum Chambers (lack of match fitness). Willian is in line to return to the right-hand side of the midfield following his appearance in the club second-half run out against Dundalk. With Bukayo Saka expected to be fit, Skipper Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang could be deployed in the centre forward role, leaving Alexandre Lacazette with no place on the starting XI. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta could choose to use a back four and three men in the midfield should David Luiz fail to recover as expected for the Sunday showdown against the Red Devils. Shkodran Mustafi would come in for his first Premier League start of the campaign alongside Gabriel Magalhaes while Dani Ceballos is going to be used as the most advanced player in the midfield areas for Arsenal. Arteta also has the choice to push Kieran Tierney inside to form a back three. This could see Saka or Ainsley Maitland-Niles deployed at left wing-back. Despite nearing a return following a 10 months injury lay off on the pitch, Calum Chambers is unlikely to be in contention until one of the club Arsenal’s European fixtures. Manchester United vs Arsenal; How Arsenal could line-up against Manchester United. Bernd Leno; Hector Bellerin, Shkodran Mustafi, Gabriel Magalhaes, Kieran Tierney; Thomas Partey, Dani Ceballos, Granit Xhaka; Willian, Bukayo Saka, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.