The Rivers State Police Command has paraded twenty-one suspected members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB who were allegedly involved in the violence that greeted the End SARS protest in the state. Commissioner of Police, CP Joseph Mukan while briefing newsmen said the IPOB suspects were arrested in Oyigbo and Port Harcourt Local government areas respectively. Mukan said that three Police Officers including an Inspector and two Sergeants were killed by the armed hoodlums while four suspects also died “Recall that on the 21/10/2020 at about 2130hrs hoodlums suspected to be members of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) under the guise of #ENDSARS PROTESTS, invaded Oyigbo Local Government Area where they launched senseless and mindless attacks on the Area Command, Oyigbo and Afam Police Stations and burnt down the three Stations. “They also went to the adjoining Eberi-Omuma LGA where they attacked the Umuebulu Police Station. In all the attacks, several vehicles were burnt and three Policemen were hacked to death and burnt to ashes. “In another attack at the Mile one Police Station the same day, the rampaging IPOB Members still acting under the guise of #ENDSARS PROTESTS made frantic attempts at burning the Station but were, however, repelled by the superior firepower of the Police where four of them were fatally wounded and 8 of them arrested immediately. “In the course of investigations, on Saturday 24/10/2020 I led Commanders of the Sister Security Agencies to the scenes where we had an on-the-spot assessment of the damage done to lives and property. “Consequently, deployments were made to forestall further breakdown of Law and order. And as we speak there is relative peace in the Oyigbo Local Government Area, as we will continue to closely monitor the area amidst the Curfew imposed by the State Government. “No. of Suspects arrested – 21, No of Policemen killed – 3, No. of Stations burnt – 3 all under Oyigbo Area Command, No. of Station vandalized -1, No. of Hoodlums killed – 4,” the CP said. The Commissioner of Police in Rivers State has further asked those who find pleasure in destroying private and public property to have a rethink or risk being apprehended.