157 suspected kidnappers, robbers, looters of public and private warehouses, rapists, armed bandits and cattle rustlers were paraded in Kaduna on Friday paraded by the Kaduna State Police Command. 65 guns, including 24 AK-47 rifles were among the weapons recovered from the suspects, according to the state Commissioner of Police, Umar Muri. He explained that some of the suspects arrested have confessed voluntarily to various roles they played in the commission of the respective crimes they are being alleged, saying they would be arraigned in a court of competent jurisdiction on completion of investigations and legal advice from the Ministry of Justice where necessary. He added that during the investigation, a number of recoveries were made such as 24 AK-47 rifles, three revolver pistols, two pump action guns, two locally made revolver rifles, two locally made single barrel guns,12 locally made pistols, one type 06 rifle, two fabricated submachine guns (SMG) and 17 dane guns. The Commissioner of Police said that other items recovered include 2,056 Rounds of AK-47 live ammunition, nine rounds of 9mm live ammunition, 60 rounds of 5.56mm live ammunition, six rounds of live cartridges and six magazines of AK-47 rifle. CP Umar Muri said 23 motorcycles of different types, $29,500 fake us dollars, the sum of n127,000:00, the sum of n400,000:00 fake nigerian currency notes (n1000:00 denomination), two vigilante id cards, one dagger, 473 rustled cows and 29 bags of grains. Others are two bags of sugar, 30 bags of soya beans, one 50kg bag of beans, two bags of corn, 252 bags of adulterated fertilizers, 60 different types of GSM cellphones, four computer palmtops, seven computer laptops, one Panasonic AC split head, one water testing machine, two cartons of pyrex lab equipment and seven bags of granite stones were also recovered. According to him, others include are six bundles of clothing, six blankets, two cartons of lace material, 65 pieces of matrasses, four bundles of zinc, 15 wristwatches, one wrapper, four sets of military camouflage uniforms, 11 ladies handbags, 75 bags of dried leaves suspected to be indian hemp, 16 pieces of mosquito nets, 32 packs of plant fibre mosquito coil, three cartons of codeine syrup, sculpture of human skull, and one steel safe suspected to be containing money and valuables. on drugs peddling, he explained that the arrested suspects on 22nd July, 2020 have been charged to court and are now awaiting trial, adding that more suspects have been arrested within the period under review and currently undergoing investigation with the recovery of 75 bags of dried leaves equivalent to 1,500 kilogrammes suspected to be Indian hemp. He noted that peddlers of all manner of drugs in the state must desist from it, as no peddler of such drugs no matter how highly placed or connected shall be spared from our eagle eyes and the wrath of the law. He reassured the good people of Kaduna state that the Command would continue to be alive to its responsibility in ensuring that crime is brought to the barest minimum. The CP expressed appreciation to the Inspector General of Police and Kaduna State Governor Nasir El-Rufa’i for the support to the Command, swift response to the demand and yearnings of the public on #EndSARS Protest and Governor’s prompt inauguration of the judicial panel of inquiry to look into the alleged brutality of the Police, saying that, the actions substantially doused the tension generated by the protest in the state and provided a platform for aggrieved persons to ventilate their grievances.