The Premier League returns as a lot of matches are lined up across the English topflight this weekend. The midweek fixtures have come and gone but it has left us with the quest for more interesting game to come. Viewers would be anticipating another scintillating round of matches as the big sides would go against each other. Chelsea visits Burnley, Leeds United face Leicester City coupled with other fixtures lined-up this week. With the Premier League season entering a defining weekend, Daily Post, takes a look at the interesting games to watch this weekend as the case may be. Liverpool vs. West Ham United The Reds would welcome the prospect of David Moyes men at Anfield as Premier League returns this weekend. The London side have masterminded some of the interesting results of the season alongside Southampton. West Ham and Southampton have pulled off impressive result holding Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea to 3-3 draws already in the campaign. And against the Reds who are bereft of the services of influential defender Virgil Van Dijk, more twists could take place in this fixture. That’s why Jurgen Klopp and his men must improvise defensively in this tie as West Ham visits Anfield with the aim to cause an upset. Manchester United vs. Arsenal Manchester United would welcome Arsenal at Old Trafford as both sides would renew rivalry on the pitch. Manchester United dispatched RB Leipzig at the last match and if care is not taken owing to Mikel Arteta’s tactical reformation, the Gunners could be beaten as well this weekend. The Red Devils would be favourites going into the match but with United without of the services of Anthony Martial coupled with the fact that Edinson Cavani has not hit top form on the Red shirt all may not have been set for United. Arsenal won 3-0 in the midweek match against Dundalk resting some of the key men and with Aubameyang and Willian likely to start the Red Devils must be at alert to curb their effect althrough the game. Burnley vs. Chelsea Burnley lost 0-1 to Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspurs on Monday, no thanks to the goals scored by South Korean star Heung-Min Son. And this defeat could see Sean Dyche’s set up his side in an unusual format against Chelsea. Though, Chelsea may have kept a clean sheet in their last three games owing to the goalkeeping heroics of Edouard Mendy but they’ve got a point to prove against redemption seeking Burnley at the Turf Moor. The Blues would be boosted by the return of Thiago Silva. But it remains to be seen how they fare against the home side as they trade tackles with Burnley.