Following the successful maiden edition of the Cadbury Bournvita Tech Boot Camp, where 50 children were trained on technological skills in 2019, in Lagos State only, Cadbury Bournvita rolled out the 2nd edition, from 4th August 2020, to 4th September 2020. The programme, which was virtual, this year, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, had five streams of 52 children weekly. Staying true to their commitment of expanding the scope to accommodate more participants in subsequent editions, the just concluded Tech Boot Camp recorded more than 400% increase, with 260 children aged 9-16, participating across different States in Nigeria. Another interesting feature this year was the Bournvita Partnership with Google, which expanded the training curriculum to include the Google CS First Curriculum, a globally recognised certification for children that are enthusiastic about tech. Other certifications include Artificial Intelligence, Robotics, Coding and Life Skills. As a brand committed to supporting families by providing the right nourishment for their children, to enable them to go after their dreams relentlessly, Bournvita is enriched with over 17 essential vitamins and minerals, which provide nourishment, ensure healthy growth, boost immunity and reduce fatigue. At the virtual sessions, children developed virtual cars, bull’s-eye games, virtual dice, digital clocks, wheeled cars, sound systems, LED lights and programmed robots in the robotics and App development sessions. For the Artificial Intelligence sessions, participants garnered knowledge on facial recognition, machine language translator, and emotion analysis AI model. At the closing ceremony, the Category Brand Manager, Cocoa Beverage, Chioma Nwichi, encouraged participants to make use of the skills they had acquired, stating that though the edition may have ended, they must keep working on their dreams, which should never end. She recognised and rewarded the most active participant of each stream and hinted that there will be subsequent editions of the Bournvita Tech Boot Camp. <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PMhx3jFnzTE" width="853" height="480" frameborder="0"></iframe>