Liverpool will be aiming to record a win in their second UEFA Champions League match for the second time in their history when they entertain first-timers Midtjylland at Anfield on Tuesday. The Reds managed a 0-1 away win at Dutch giants Ajax Amsterdam thanks to an own goal from Nicolas Tagliafico. They returned to winning ways claiming a 2-1 win over Sheffield United on Saturday. The six-time European Champions are outright favourites to continue that winning run in what is their first-ever match with Midtjylland, who was beaten last time out 4-0 by Atalanta. Here DAILY POST evaluates possible Liverpool start-up in the tie. Out: Virgil Van Dijk (Knee), Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Knee) Kostas Tsimikas (thigh), Thiago Alacantara (Knee) Joel Matip (muscles), Naby Keita (Coronavirus). Liverpool would have an edge in this fixture owing to the early return of Brazilian goalkeeper Alisson Becker in goal at the weekend. But the Reds would need to wait up till the weekend to welcome further absentees. The major absentee here is Thiago Alcantara. The Spaniard has been unavailable for the last two games with a knee injury. Naby Keita is also out for a few days. And this could see James Milner come into the midfield alongside Dutch midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum and Skipper Jordan Henderson. Fabinho should line-up alongside Joseph Gomez in Liverpool’s defence. Joel Matip is also absent owing to the muscle problem he picked up in the Mersey side Derby. Kostas Tsimikas continues to recuperate via a thigh problem while defender Virgil Van Dijk and Alex Oxlade Chamberlain are long-term absentees. Since Liverpool are firm favourites by pedigree, Klopp could consider taking the opportunity to rest one of his striking options. Sadio Mane could be sacrificed first and foremost-particularly given the form of Diogo Jota. Jota scored on his first Premier League start at the weekend. His inclusion could see Klopp switch to a 4-2-3-1 formation which is again an option, although switching back to a 4-3-3 would be ideal in Sadio Mane’s absence. It could be a landmark evening for Mo Salah, the Egyptian will make his 50th UEFA Champions League appearance if selected. A hat-trick for Salah could see him surpass Steven Gerrard’s record as the leading scorer in the history of the club in the Champions League. Liverpool vs Midtjylland; How Liverpool could line-up against FC Midtjylland Alisson Becker; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Fabinho, Joe Gomez, Andrew Robertson; Jordan Henderson, James Milner, Georginio Wijnaldum; Mohamed Salah, Diogo Jota, Roberto Firmino.