University lecturers under the umbrella of Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) have accused the federal government of Nigeria of non-remittance of five months due of the union to the union’s purse. ASUU said that the federal government deducted check-off dues on behalf of the Union and refused to remit same to the Union. The withheld check-off dues which has not been remitted to the Union’s purse, according to ASUU is between February and June, 2020. ASUU Chairman, University of Ibadan chapter, Professor Ayo Akinwole made this revelations on Sunday. Akinwole alerted that there is an evil conspiracy among the ruling elite to wipe out public University education which provides education to over ninety percent of Nigerian students in order to elevate private universities which are owned by themselves and their collaborators. He said that the union has been on strike for over six months to draw the attention of the government to the implications of criminal negligence of not funding public universities in the light of rising insecurity and other social problems. Akinwole while speaking further declared that the plan by the government to use salary stoppage to punish varsity lecturers for being concerned with the parlous state of affairs in the nations’ tertiary education has failed as members are resolved to ensure that government becomes responsive and responsible. He maintained that while the Union is ready to discuss outstanding issues on the implementation of the February 2019 MOA the FG signed with ASUU and other conditions of service with government, federal government has not been forthcoming but has rather resorted to embarking on propaganda against the union. Akinwole also denied the claim that the Union would call off its strike as propagated by Labour Minister, Dr Chris Ngige adding that while the lecturers are ready to work, it will not to do until and unless government fully attends to all her demands including immediate implementation. He said, “As of today October 4, 2020 ASUU members are been owed three (3) months salaries. In some Universities like MOAU and UNIMAID our members have not received salary for up to six (6) months. “Federal Government through the Office of the Accountant General of the Federation have criminally withheld five months (February-June, 2020) Check-Off deducted from our members salaries without remittance to the Union. “FG has forcefully enlisted our members on the National Housing Fund(NHF) scheme and has consistently been illegally deducting money for this from our members salaries. “Our ongoing total, comprehensive and indefinite strike action would continue if this propaganda and lies against ASUU by appointees and representatives of the federal government like the Minister of Labour and Employment MoL&E Dr. Chris Ngige persists.”