Manchester United returns to the Premier League with a home game against Arsenal just like German side RB Leipzig visited Old Trafford in the midweek, although they sit two points behind Arsenal in the English top-flight table. However, the level of their performances has ensured that United’s boss Solskjaer will have much to worry concerning his team’s selection before what could be Arsenal’s biggest game of the season. Here, DAILY POST analyzes how the Red Devils could line-up against opponents (Arsenal) who would be aiming to record their first win at Old Trafford since 2015. Absent; Phil Jones (knee), Alex Telles (Coronavirus), Anthony Martial (suspension), Eric Baily (muscle), Jesse Lingard (unspecified). It will be surprising to see Ole Gunnar Solskjaer make do with a different approach for the game on Sunday since the switch to a diamond formation against the German side Leipzig worked to perfection. Promising talent Mason Greenwood is likely to start along with Marcus Rashford even though playing two front line strikers could increase the chance of a first start for United new signing Edinson Cavani. Bruno Fernandes is expected to start in the free role ahead of Donny Van de Beck and Juan Mata meaning Solskjaer is not bereft of options in midfield. Fred, Scott Mc Tominay and Paul Pogba should be in contention for a place behind Bruno Fernandes, thus meaning Nemanja Matic would resort to the substitute bench. Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Luke Shaw should continue in the full-back positions (right and left) respectively, though the United boss has reiterated the need to take maximum care of their fitness level. French forward Anthony Martial serves the final game of the suspension (three matches), while Brazilian left-back signed from FC Porto in the summer in Alex Telles is out of the match after testing positive for Coronavirus. See possible line up: David De Gea; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof, Luke Shaw; Scott Mc Tominay, Fred, Paul Pogba, Bruno Fernandes; Mason Greenwood, Marcus Rashford.