The Cross River State Christian Leaders Forum (CROSSCLEF) and Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) have called for restrain over continuous looting, vandalization and destruction of property in the state. In a press release made available to DAILY POST on Saturday, the groups separately observed with deep concern the degeneration of the youths protest which may be considered anarchy. CROSSCLEF said “While we believe in the sanctity of life and the need for all men to be treated with respect, we also support the need for grievances to be expressed in a civilised and honourable way. “We may be at a difficult moment in our history but this is not unconnected with our destiny. While considering this, let us not forget we are a people of decency and respectable means. Therefore we encourage all parties taking advantage of this moment to their personal gain to reconsider and give peace a chance. “Even so, we share in the pain of those who have lost loved ones and personal effect as a result of this situation. We want to thank all who have considered our collective destiny by restraining themselves in not adding to the already tensed situation”. The release which was signed by CROSSCLEF Secretary General, Mark Ochi said, “May Cross River State come through this season better and stronger as we pledge our heads , hearts and hands through the years to be.” Similarly, the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, (PFN) appealed to all protesting youths in Cross River State to sheath their swords and be law-abiding. In a release signed by the Chairman, Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, (PFN), Dr Lawrence Ekwok, said that PFN wholeheartedly felt and shared in the pains that may have provoked the protests. PFN, however, noted that, the youths having made their points loud and clear, the organization, therefore, appealed for restraint, call for calm and a stop to further destruction of property in the state. “This is especially so as public property belonged to the people of Cross River state and not to any individual whether in government or out of government, just as it will not be fair to destroy property belonging to private persons or concerns who are contributing to the development of Cross River State. “I am confident that our well -meaning youth will heed this call even as I pray that the Lord God Almighty will bless them and intervene speedily and restore peace to Cross River State in Jesus’name, Amen,” he prayed.