French giants’ Paris Saint-German would test the might of Manchester United in the UEFA Champions League encounter takes centre stage on Tuesday. It promises to be an interesting encounter as both European giants clash on the pitch. Expectedly, there will be some sort of rivalry as the PSG side aim to beat the Red Devils, thus making up for their exit in the European competition at the expense of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side. With expectation brewing ahead of this game, DAILY POST takes a look at the three key battle ahead of this match. Neymar Jnr vs. Aaron Wan-Bissaka The skilful duo will face each other in what will be a pleasing contest to watch as PSG welcomes Manchester United in Paris. Both players are in-form having been in the right frame of mind ahead of this crunch Champions League fixtures with top-quality performance. Neymar will hope to outwit his United counterpart with his skill in the byline hoping that Aaron Wan-Bissaka would have no answer to his mazy run in the contest. But Wan Bissaka mental assertion could be a huge task for the Brazilian as much as his ability to find a balance between his defensive and attacking duty as we’ve seen this season. His talent would be tested in the right wings while Neymar has got all to do to justify his PSG price tag in a big game of this magnitude. Bruno Fernandes vs. Ander Herrera The Manchester United Captain for this match owing to Maguire’s absence, Fernandes would lock horns with former United midfield star when the stage is set at the European level. Herrera’s team awareness about Manchester United coupled with his technical strength would serve as an advantage for the French side. But Bruno’s show of class is capable of annihilating every disadvantage against his side as hostility ensues on the pitch. Herrera’s ability to read the match would come into play in the contest against the in-form Bruno Fernandes in transition. 90 minutes will only reveal how the Spanish midfield player would fare against the attacking threat the Portuguese star possesses going forward. Kylian Mbappe vs. Eric Baily The players of African origin would face each other in an exciting dual as PSG clash with United in Paris. Both stars would aim to outwit each other owing to the flamboyant style of play that Mbappe would come into the match with. It promises to be a physical battle among the two (Mbappe and Baily) though they would be expected to showcase their talent in the mix, it just a matter of 90 minutes to display the winner between these two-players as the Ivorian centre back squares up against the Algeria-Cameroonian born Kylian Mbappe in the match.