Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari on Thursday warned hoodlums who have hijacked the End SARS protest to cause mayhem across the country. Buhari issued the warning during his nationwide broadcast aimed at addressing the ongoing mayhem by hoodlums who have hijacked the protest. 2. The Osun State Government has suspended its 24-hour curfew earlier declared to forestall breakdown of law and order. The State government, however, appealed to the protesting youths to suspend their protest and engage government in a dialogue. 3. The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has described President Muhammadu Buhari’s address to the nation on Thursday evening, as disappointing and completely disconnected from the realities of the tragic occurrences in our country in the last two weeks. A statement signed by the party’s National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, appealed to Nigerians to remain calm and allow a return to normal life. 4. A former Ekiti State governor, Peter Ayodele Fayose, has criticised President Muhammadu Buhari’s nationwide address over the End SARS protest. Fayose described Buhari’s speech as ‘lifeless,’ adding that the President has never disappointed him. 5. United States Government officials met Vice President Yemi Osinbajo on Thursday at the State House in Abuja. The delegation was led by Ulrich Brechbuhl, Counselor of the U.S. Department of State and Assistant Secretary for Democracy, Human Rights and Labor, Bob Destro, and Assistant Secretary for Conflict and Stabilization Operations, Denise Natali. 6. The Northern States Governors’ Forum (NSGF) has claimed that “diabolical influencers in form of hooliganism, ethno-religious bigots and even political marauders” are pushing for a regime change. In the communique signed by the chairman of the forum and governor of Plateau State, Simon Lalong, it was noted that the forum discussed issues bordering on national security, particularly the #EndSARS protest which has resulted in the destruction of lives and properties across the country. 7. Hoodlums have set the Ojodu Police Station at Berger in Lagos State on fire. A resident who spoke to newsmen said the hoodlums also looted shops close to the police stations and destroyed the shops beside the station making away with goods worth millions of naira,” the resident said. 8. The federal government says the Ikoyi Custodial Centre in Lagos is under control. Hoodlums attempted to break in on Thursday. The attackers set some parts of the facility on fire. 9. Hoodlums on Thursday broke into Okitipupa correctional centre in Ondo State, setting inmates free. Report said now fewer than 58 inmates were released during the attack. 10. The United States has condemned the use of force against End SARS protesters. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo gave the position of the US government on Thursday. Pompeo demanded prosecution of security personnel involved in the shootings.