The chairman of Academic Staff Union of Universities in Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University (COOU), Anambra, Prof Okey Aniebo has said that the faction of the union which pledged loyalty to the management of the institution are sponsored by the Vice-Chancellor of the university, Prof Greg Nwakoby. Aniebo who spoke to journalists in Awka on Thursday said the emergence of a new faction of ASUU in the university is a creation of the management of the institution, who have been inducing her members with positions of authority in the institution. Recall that a faction of ASUU in the university, led by Prof Osita Chiaghanam had earlier in the week pulled out of the strike by the union, insisting they will continue to discharge their duties. But Aniebo stated that lecturers in the university were still on strike, and would not return to work until all their demands are met. “The meeting was sponsored by the Vice-Chancellor and chaired by the Deputy Vice-Chancellor, Prof Ekwenze. It is therefore a university management meeting and not a meeting of ASUU-COOU. “ASUU has neither bowed to any pressure nor suspended the on-going national industrial action by the union. The desperate action of the Vice-Chancellor are capable of undermining the inflow of huge intervention funds from the federal government to the university.” Aniebo added that the meeting of the faction was held in the same hall where his faction had been evicted by gun-wielding security men, this he said was an indication of the fact that they were not the authentic faction of the union. “ASUU remains one body, and just like it is in every university in the country, there is only one ASUU in COOU, and it is led by my humble self. So, what they did is very despicable. They are passing a vote of confidence on the VC, but just go round the institution and see the deplorable state of infrastructure. “The union is still on strike, so I urge you to discountenance the briefing by Prof Chiaghanam, who simply read a speech prepared for him by the management.”