Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, on Tuesday, led leaders of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to Eha-Amufu for campaign flag-off of the Isi-Uzo Constituency bye-election scheduled for October 31, 2020. The Isi-Uzo Constituency seat in the State House of Assembly became vacant following the unfortunate death of late Hon. Chijioke Ugwueze, who until his demise, was representing the constituency. Sequel to notification by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for a bye-election to fill the vacant seat, the PDP after wider consultations elected late Ugwueze’s wife, Mrs Catherine Amaka Ugwueze, as the party’s candidate for the forthcoming contest. Arriving Eha-Amufu for the campaign flag-off, Gov. Ugwuanyi, who was accompanied by the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Edward Ubosi and former State Party Chairman, Chief Ikeje Asogwa, among others, was received by thousands of jubilant and enthusiastic party members and teeming supporters led by the State PDP Chairman, Hon. Augustine Nnamani. The governor after moving round the venue to greet and acknowledge cheers from party members and supporters, observed a minute’s silence in honour of the late lawmaker and formally presented his wife, Mrs. Ugwueze, to the people of Isi-Uzo Local Government Area, as the PDP candidate. Gov. Ugwuanyi urged them to wipe away her tears by coming out en masse on October 31 to vote massively for the PDP. The governor thanked all the stakeholders of Enugu State for the existing peace and progress in the state. He also thanked PDP stakeholders in Isi-Uzo LGA for electing Mrs. Ugwueze as the PDP candidate and charged them to work hard as a family to ensure the party’s victory at the poll, stressing that “PDP under my watch as the leader is very strong”. Speaking after receiving the party’s flag and prayers offered by the Anglican Bishop of Eha-Amufu Diocese, The Rt. Revd Daniel Olinya, Mrs. Ugwueze, who described Gov. Ugwuanyi as a “gender sensitive” leader, expressed gratitude to him and his wife, Mrs. Monica Ugochi Ugwuanyi for their support towards her emergence as the party’s candidate. She also appreciated the people of the council area, especially the stakeholders, party members and clergy for their fraternity and brotherhood, pointing out that she will not take such privilege for granted. While beseeching God to surprise Gov. Ugwuanyi “for this particular act”, the widow urged the electorate to vote for her, promising to continue with the legacies of her late husband in the State House of Assembly. “I am speaking from the broken heart of a widow that the good Lord will surprise you”, she told the governor. Other speakers at the rally, such as the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Ubosi, State PDP Chairman, Hon. Nnamani, State Commissioner for Environment, Hon. Chijioke Edeoga, Isi-Uzo LGA Chairman, Hon. Jacob Abonyi, Director General of the Campaign, Chief Eric Ebeh, etc, canvassed votes for the PDP, reiterating that the party is strong in the council and will sweep the poll on October 31.