Arsenal would entertain Brendan Rodgers’ Leicester City side at home in a Premier League battle on Sunday. The Gunners have won three out of their five opening matches with their only defeat being against Jurgen Klopp’s Liverpool and Pep Guardiola’s Manchester City side, all away from home. The Gunners sit behind Sunday’s opposition in the League table, but the Foxes have lost their last two and are without an away win over Mikel Arteta’s side since 1973. Though anything could still change in this fixture. Here DAILY POST evaluates how Arsenal could file out for the Sunday clash with Leicester City. Absent; Rob Holding(hamstring),Pablo Mari (ankle),Calum Chambers(knee),Gabriel Martinelli (knee). Possible; Daniel Ceballos (ankle), Willian (Calf). Ghana’s Thomas Partey is all set for his full Premier League debut against Leicester City owing to his eye-catching display for Arsenal in the 1-2 away win over Rapid Vienna on Thursday. The transfer deadline day signing has earned an interesting match-up with Patrick Viera after his first start for the Londoners. He is likely to keep his place in the starting line-up. Aubameyang came off the subs bench to net the winning goal in Austria, even though he has failed to hit the target in his last four League games. He could continue the run making it 5 games without a goal if he fails to score against Leicester and the first time since 2014. Willian is expected to be fit for this match after missing Thursday’s game with a bit of calf injury he sustained during last weekend’s defeat to Manchester City. Daniel Ceballos was unavailable in midweek having also picked up a knock against Pep Guardiola’s men last weekend. But he could be ready to play after recovering from his bruised ankle in time. Bernd Leno should start in goal despite his poor performance in Vienna last week. Arsenal vs. Leicester City; How Arsenal could line up against Leicester City. Bernd Leno; Hector Bellerin, David Luiz, Gabriel Magalhaes, Kieran Tierney; Thomas Partey, Bukayo Saka, Daniel Ceballos; Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Willian, Alexandre Lacazette.