President Muhammadu Buhari has urged Nigerians to operate within the dictates of the law, adding that his administration respects the right of all citizens. The President said his government has put in place measures and strategies to address End SARS demands, stressing that the government will do everything lawful to ensure all sides are satisfied with measures taken to achieve peace in the country. President Buhari, represented by the state Minister of Works and Housing, Engr. Abubakar D Aliyu, made the remarks at a stakeholders’ meeting on peace in Damaturu, Yobe State. He said, “In the spirit of democratic governance and appreciation of the fundamental human rights of all citizens as enshrined in the 1999 constitution of the federal republic of Nigeria and other laws, we knowledged the genuine concern of the members of the public regarding the excesses and use of force by some members of the SARS.” In his address, Governor Mai Mala Buni of Yobe State said, the peaceful protest against SARS which metamorphosed into violent killings, wanton destruction and massive looting, the hijacking of the protest by hoodlums and the negative vices that followed is highly condemnable and regrettable. He said the government and people of Yobe State salute the President for promptly disbanding SARS, being the cause of the protest, adding that, this early response ought to have brought the protest to an end. “Here in Yobe state, we have suffered so much and for too long from the protracted insurgency that bedevilled our state and the Northeast in general. We cannot contemplate having additional crisis and hardships from the violent protest as we are now battling to resettle, rehabilitate and reclaim means of livelihood for our people.” Buni said. Governor Buni also appreciated the traditional and religious leaders, elders’ statement, parents and guardians for always preaching peace and peaceful coexistence in their communities. He said this administration will continue to build tolerance, dialogue and strategic engagements to resolve all differences to promote peace and unity in the state, believing that progress and development can only be achieved in a secure and peaceful environment.