The London side was held to a 1-1 draw at Stamford Bridge as Chelsea missed out on the chance to generate team confidence ahead of the next game. The Blues squandered a couple of goal scoring chances despite the talent they have got in their ranks just as the Sevilla side. It finished in a stalemate as Frank Lampard and his side endured another difficult evening of football at home. With Sevilla snatching the draw away from Chelsea, Daily Post evaluates the three (3) significant points from the UEFA Champions League match at Stamford Bridge. More headache for Frank Lampard Chelsea 3-3 draw with Southampton wouldn’t be the last of the Blues below-par performance in the season as they endured another barren draw at home with Sevilla. This result will not go down well with the former Chelsea midfielder though they somehow managed to stage a comeback to draw 3-3 with the newly-promoted side West Bromwich Albion. It will be a huge problem for Lampard as it will constitute some selection headache ahead of the next games in the season for the Chelsea side. Sevilla deserves the credit The Sevilla outfit did a great job of holding the home side at home in the contest. They were outstanding on the UEFA Champions League night as they ensured that Chelsea couldn’t bridge their defence. The draw earned at Stamford Bridge is a positive tonic for the Spanish side ahead in the season. That result could affirm the progress the La Liga side have been making in recent years, while they tamed the threat coming from the likes of Kai Havertz, Mason Mount and Timo Werner in transition. They duly deserve all the credit they can get pertaining to their display in this game as they caused Chelsea all sorts of problems going forward as well in the Contest in Europe. Improvements beckon for chelsea The London side may have been in dismal form in recent weeks but must rise up to the occasion in order to revive their season ambitions. Drawing 3-3 on two different occasions with sides like West Bromwich Albion and Southampton signifies the problem within the Chelsea side and the cogent need for improved defensive correlation at the Chelsea Football club. While also as their 0-0 outing against Sevilla defines the urgency with which Frank Lampard needs to find the balance eluding this Chelsea side. This is needful at the moment even as they get set to face the rejuvenated Manchester United side who have claimed back-to-back impressive away win against both Newcastle United and Paris Saint-Germain in the space of three days.