Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Friday, released the names of police officers being prosecuted for various human rights violations across the state. Sanwo-Olu said the prosecution was part of efforts of his administration to end police brutality in the State. 2. Rampaging youths in Osun State, on Friday, discovered a warehouse where COVID-19 palliatives were hidden in Ede. The residents looted the warehouse at Cocoa Products Industry Nigeria Limited, Ede-Osogbo road, Ede North, Osun State. 3. The Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has revealed that the curfew imposed in the state has been adjusted. The Governor, who made this known during a statewide broadcast on Friday, said people can now go out between 8am and 6pm in Lagos from Saturday. 4. Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq of Kwara State, on Friday night, declared a 24h-hour curfew in Ilorin metropolis. This is in line with Sections 1, 2, and 4, of the Public Order Act Chapter 382 Laws of Federation of Nigeria 2004, according to the announcement by the governor in Ilorin. 5. Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State has lifted the 24hour indefinite curfew imposed on the State. The Commissioner for Information and Orientation, Donald Ojogo, on Friday in Akure, said the decision to lift the curfew with effect from Saturday, followed consultations between the governor and security chiefs after a preliminary assessment of the security situation in the state. 6. Rivers State Governor Nyesom Wike, has proscribed all activities of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, in the State. Governor Wike made the declaration in a statewide broadcast over the recent happenings in Rivers State, where the Police Command reported that IPOB members are responsible for the mayhem in the state. 7. The Nigerian Army has revealed that the combined troops of operations Sahel Sanity, elements of 17 Brigade and sector 9 of the operation Hadarin Daji have conducted a combined aggressive clearance operations aimed at identifying bandits’ camps. Acting Director, Defence media operations, Brigadier- General Bernard Onyeuko at the Special Army supper camp 4, Faskari, Katsina State at a press conference, said during the operation, 3 bandits were killed, while over 8 were arrested. 8. The Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, has extended the ultimatum issued to escaped inmates to return by one week. In a statement on Friday by his Special Adviser on Media and Communication Strategy, Crusoe Osagie, the governor said this was the outcome of a Security Meeting held with heads of security agencies in the state on Friday 9. Former President Goodluck Jonathan has condemned the killing of End SARS protesters by military men at Lekki Toll Gate in Lagos on Tuesday. The former president in a statement released on Friday, also called for peace, adding that no nation wins against its people. 10. Hoodlums numbering over a thousand, in Calabar, Cross River State have set ablaze the State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) warehouse on fire. Also set ablaze was the advert department of the State Newspaper Corporation, the Nigerian Chronicle.