Conference of Nigeria Political Parties, CNPP, has urged the Government of President Muhammadu Buhari to adequately punish indicted Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, operatives to assuage protesters. CNPP in reaction to the nationwide broadcast by President Muhammadu Buhari said the speech came too late. It said, “we warned ahead of the ongoing carnage but the government never listened”. The CNPP in its reaction signed by its Secretary General, Chief Willy Ezugwu said “if the President had made this statement last week, the ongoing carnage may have been averted. “While we continue to condemn acts of violence under whatever circumstances, what is the use of the charmer after the snake has bitten? “CNPP intelligence that led to the plea that President Buhari should address the nation to calm ruffled nerves fell on deaf ears. “Equally, the warning that any attempt to shoot at the #EndSARS protesters would be catastrophic was also ignored. But today, it is hope that the government is wiser and be more proactive in the future. “It must be noted that CNPP as lead by Alhaji Balarabe Musa, the National Chairman, is on ground in all the states of the federation and in touch with the ordinary citizens. We feel their mood and clearly understand their feelings. “It was an error on the path of the All Progressives Congress (APC) government to have ignored the CNPP’s warnings. “If the President’s broadcast was made a week ago, the carnage may have been prevented but it is now coming too late in the day. “Nigeria belongs to all of us. The ruling APC must stop seeing the voice of the opposition as the voice of enemies.” “Right now, Nigerians are tied of propaganda and mere promises. We therefore urge President Muhammadu Buhari to ensure justice is done by punishing adequately all SARS officers who extrajudicially killed citizens in the past and march words with actions by immediately reforming the Nigeria Police Force. “The government must ensure that there is no cover up in investigation of the Lekki shooting and other investigation by the state governments. This is the only way to assuaged the protesting youths. “Nigeria must know that a well funded police force will perform their internal security duties creditably. To this end, we call on the federal government to immediately begin the process of minimising the involvement the Nigerian military in internal security operations, including war on insurgency. “A well trained, properly equipped, and well motivated police force will provide first class security for the country as the Nigerian police have proven to be among the best during foreign peacekeeping operations. A word is enough for the wise”, the CNPP counselled.