Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Ondo Governor, Rotimi Akeredolu has been declared winner of the October 10, 2020 governorship election. INEC Returning Officer, Prof Idowu Olayinka, declared the candidate of the All Progressives Congress( APC) winner with 292,830 votes, while that of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Eyitayo Jegede polled 195,791. Agboola Ajayi of the Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) scored 69,127 votes. 2. President Muhammadu Buhari has rejoiced with Rotimi Akeredolu, SAN, the incumbent Governor of Ondo State on his re-election. The President lauded the resounding victory of the Governor at the election held on Saturday, October 10, 2020, noting that the votes garnered “show that one good turn surely deserves another.” 3.The spokesman of the Eyitayo Jegede campaign organisation, Gbenga Akinmoyo, has said that the team is waiting on God, after his principal was defeated in the Ondo Governorship election. Akinmoyo thanked the people of the state for voting for their conscience during the polls and commended the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) members for working hard for the party. 4. The Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, has been disbanded. Mohammed Adamu, the Inspector-General of Police, who made the announcement on Sunday afternoon, ordered all officers and men of the now defunct Special Anti-robbery Squad to be redeployed with immediate effect. According to Adamu, the dissolution of SARS was in response to the yearnings of Nigerians. 5. Sunday Dare, Minister of Youths and Sports, has been attacked. Dare and others including the Soun of Ogbomoso, Oba Oladunni Oyewumi, were stoned on Sunday at a meeting at the monarch’s palace. 6. Unknown gunmen have attacked Kidandan and Kadai villages leaving twelve (12)) people dead and seven others seriously injured. The attackers invaded the area in their numbers besieged on Friday afternoon and left three dead and four others wounded. 7. Gunmen have kidnapped several persons in new attack on Kuje community, Abuja. Yusuf Mariam, the Federal Capital Territory Police Public Relations Officer, who confirmed the incident on Sunday, said, the incident happened around 6:00pm on Saturday when people were returning home after going to congratulate the new Education Secretary of the council, Yunusa Zakari. 8. The Federal Government and the Organised Labour will resume negotiations over the hike in the price of fuel and electricity tariff. Representatives of both the federal government and organised labour met at 7pm on Sunday but the outcome of the meeting is still unknown. 9. Four persons have been confirmed dead with eight seriously injured after a three-storey building collapsed at Obalende, Lagos. The LASEMA Head of Public Affairs, Nosa Okunbor, who confirmed the incident in a statement, said the collapsed building is located at 62, Odo Street, Obalende, Lagos Island. 10. The University of Mkar in Benue State has confirmed the death of its two lecturers, Mr Joshua Leva and Mr. Moses Tarnongo, in a motor accident which occurred on Saturday, which occurred near Gbatse village in Ushongo Local Government Area of the state. The institution’s Registrar, Rev. Emmanuel Astor, who confirmed the deaths to newsmen on Sunday in Makurdi, said one of the lecturers, Tarnongo, also lost his wife and three children during the incident.