The Premier League match enters week six as we look forward to mouthwatering games at the weekend. Chelsea would take on Manchester United, the same as Liverpool would be in action against the Blades. The midweek games were frenetic to watch, just like Arsenal came from a goal down to seal a 2-1 away win in the Europa League. And this could be traced to the positive job Mikel Arteta is making on the Arsenal hot seat. But this weekend could be more interesting than previous one as Crystal Palace’s Wilfried Zaha and Everton’s James Rodriguez would be expected to be on show for their respective side. With the weekend duels approaching, DAILY POST takes a look at the three (3) key games to watch in the Premier League. Manchester United vs. Chelsea The Blues has got a chance to redeem their fortunes in the season after a not too good showing in the midweek against Sevilla. And facing the Manchester United side who thumped Newcastle 1-4 at St. James Park wouldn’t be easier by all standard. And this makes it an interesting match to catch up with at the weekend. Both managers are set to dish out the tactical strategy ahead of this one, as they fulfil their mandate as managers of both topsides irrespective of the pressure looming in their directions though as young managers. Liverpool vs. Sheffield United Liverpool would welcome the Blades in this weekend’s fixture as intrigues could be the other of the day this weekend at Anfield. Both sides would aim for a win after been held to draw by Everton and Fulham respectively. The Reds drew 2-2 with Everton last week while Sheffield drew 1-1 against Fulham. The Liverpool side would be favourites after beating Dutch giants Ajax Amsterdam 0-1, courtesy of an own goal. But it would be nice to see how they navigate the 90 minutes of this Premier League fixture without the services of the ever-present and reliable defender Virgil Van Dijk ahead of Sheffield’s trip to Anfield. Arsenal vs. Leicester City The Gunners would welcome the in-form Leicester City side at home as hostility returns on Saturday at the Emirates Stadium. Both sides come into the game with victories over Rapid Wien (1-2 for Arsenal) and Zorya (3-0 for Leicester City). And this makes it even more interesting as the quality is expected on the pitch. Arsenal would be hoping to claim the three points at home with David Luiz and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang the catalyst of their comeback win in the midweek. But with the likes of James Maddison, Harvey Barnes and fine forward Kelechi Iheanacho full of confidence after scoring against Zorya. Arsenal have got a lot to do to shield the defence as they showed signs of defensive inconsistencies in the course of a 1-2 win over Rapid Wien.