The National Association of Nigeria Students, University of Uyo chapter, on Friday embarked on a peaceful demonstration, calling on the federal government and the Academic Staff Unions of Universities to resolve their differences and allow students return to school. The protesters who blocked the Ikpa road of the Town Campus of the University as early as 9::30am gave the federal government seven days to accede to their request. The students in their solidarity songs also threatened to shut down Aso Rock and the National Assembly if their requests are not met within the stipulated period. Some of the inscriptions on the placards read, “We want ASUU strike resolved now, “we are tired of staying at home” “our rent is wasting” We cannot wait anymore” Addressing the students on the road, the zone D, NANS Coordinator and a mass communication student of UNIUYO, Mr. Etinyene Offongekpe, called for an immediate end of the protracted strike by ASUU. “We are sending this message to the federal government and ASUU. We are tired of staying at home, our rents have expired. We want to return and complete the academic year. We cannot accept this anymore. “We call on the federal government to key into the agreement it signed in 2019 and ASUU to shift grounds. We have come to express to the world that we cannot take this anymore “We are under instructions from the NANS Secretariat to Shut down Abuja, seven days from now. We are mobilising to move to Abuja, we will shut the National Assembly and the Aso Rock” he said. The President, Students Union government of the University, Comrade Emmanuel Akpan also called on President, Muhammadu Buhari, the National Assembly, Minister of Education and all relevant authorities to settle their grievances with ASUU to save the education system from collapse. “The Nigeria students are tired, I am tired, we are all tired. The final year students have been in final year for two years. It is unacceptable “We are demonstrating to call on the federal government, the National Assembly, the senators, the minister and all relevant authorities to please settle grievances with ASUU and allow students to return back to school.” He said.