End SARS protesters are condemning the “secret meeting” a few Nigerians held with some governors and tycoons. The virtual meeting was held Monday night. It lasted nearly three hours. In attendance were Governors Babajide Sanwo-Olu (Lagos), Dapo Abiodun (Ogun), Ifeanyi Okowa (Delta), and Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq (Kwara). Others were Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor, Godwin Emefiele, Aliko Dangote, Tony Elumelu, and Aisha Yesufu. The rest are Ayo Balogun (Wizkid), Folarin Falana (Falz), Adebola Willams (Debola Lagos), Dipo Awojide and Pamilerin Adegoke. Screenshots of the parley have leaked on social media. Respondents insist that the protesters have no leaders. They are accusing the government of infiltration. Trouble started after Dipo Awojide, who co-led the London protest, announced on Tuesday that he and others were in a meeting. Awojide disclosed that 7 of them met with some leaders of the private sector and governors between 10pm-12:45am. “They pleaded with us to either stop the protest or protest peacefully. They promised to ‘move mountains’ and ACT today. “I currently don’t have the permission of the 7 people that attended to disclose their identity but I can assure you they are the same people who have been at the forefront in Lagos, Abuja and London.” The lecturer stated that the discourse was very heated and every concern was communicated. In other tweets, he said any committee the presidency/police wants to set up on the way forward must include Aisha Yesufu, FK Abudu, Douglas Jack Agu (Runtown) Falz. “Davido and Wizkid have really really tried. But I deliberately left out their names. Those 4 people for starters. We can add: Mo, Rinu, Bulawayo Bukarti and Debo Macaroni. “These 8 people should be speaking to government. #EndSWAT #EndSARS…No political jobbers. No career activists. And I don’t want to have anything to do with it”, he added. However, Segun Awosanya (Segalink), regarded as the Nigerian who started the campaign against Police brutality and #EndSARS, was not at the meeting. On top of this, Awojide did not include him in the names he suggested. He is being queried by Segalink’s supporters. Protesters are criticizing his exclusion. They are recalling how he intervened at several times during arbitrary arrests. However, some argue that it was not compulsory to have Segalink at the meeting. The activist, they say, was now close to the Police and may no longer be neutral. Others are demanding an end to all forms of meetings. This set believes the youths should remain focused and continue with the demonstrations. On Wednesday, Segalink sounded bitter about the matter, declaring that “hijackers” have taken over. “Special thanks to @SavvyRinu et all who started the organic protest before the hijackers took it over. We shall overcome. #EndSARS #ReformPoliceNG”, he tweeted. Meanwhile, Aisha Yesufu, has reiterated that she doesn’t wish to be included in a panel. “Let it be known that I, Aisha Yesufu is not interested in being in any committee. The streets is where I belong not the table. “That’s my strength! Let those who are good at the table be put forth. We must always put our best foot forward!”, the freedom fighter asserted. Tope Akinyode, a lawyer, criticized meetings being held without public knowledge. “Some people are already using us to catch cruise over this #endsars protest, because at what stage did we agree to people representing us in a meeting? “Also, those accusing others of “cult” group have also been in a purported meeting with the IGP. What’s going on?”, he wrote on Twitter. Nonso Egemba l, popularly known as Aproko Doctor warned that authorities are creeping in to penetrate leading voices. The medical practitioner said the government “is succeeding in dividing us, using fault lines where it will be easy to crack us from. “This is not the time to allow personal bias, resentment or the need for glory to influence our actions. If we all want the same thing, we should all be speaking with one voice,” he tweeted.