Pastor Enoch Adeboye, General Overseer of Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, has decreed that sponsors of terrorism in Nigeria will not see the new year. Adeboye made the declaration during Sunday service. The clergyman said: “I’m standing on this altar today, to decree in the Name that is above every other name, any terrorist and any sponsor of terrorists in Nigeria, will not see the new year. “Father, we commit Nigeria into your hands, help us to be united and let our tomorrow be alright.” His declaration has since generated reactions from Nigerians on social media. Some stated that the present state of Nigeria needs more than prayers. Here are some comments gathered by DAILY POST from Twitter: @beeola3 “Sometimes, it goes beyond prayers. Nigeria has lived on prayers for so long. If you pray from now till forever and don’t work towards it, God go just dey look at you.” @Avoseh_Segun “The way Pastor Adeboye calmly uncovered the mess in Nigeria’s leadership circle via his sermon and crowned it with that violent prayer exemplifies courage and reaffirmation of hope in a better Nigeria. Man spoke truth to power.” @Nalife8 “Moses hit the rock at Horeb,Joshua drew his sword to defeat Amaleks ! We need actions not prayers Nigerians have dwelled in this fallacy of prophecy and prayers for too long! Rise up and fight the youth of my generation before SARS and other government hoodlums kill us all.” @the_soromto “Una no dey tire with these senseless prayers, Prayers don’t solve anything, terrorism won’t end this year if we don’t put head together to battle it.” @Nohrix “Which new year? Our prayers should be specific. They shall not see the new year 2021 in Jesus name amen.” @Ademola_og “We need actions,not prayers in this country Nigeria.We the youths need to stand up against all this bad government, social brutality, economic hardship and the rest.” @Ileola_k “Amen but next year is too far, let the fire that God sent down on the prophets of Baal to consume them and their family in Jesus name.”