Italian giants Juventus would entertain FC Barcelona at the Allianz Stadium on Wednesday. It promises to be one of the most glamorous fixtures of the season’s UEFA Champions League group stage. New Juventus boss, Andrea Pirlo, is still unbeaten since taking over the helms at Juve, including the 0-2 away victory over Ukrainian side Dynamo Kyiv in the opening fixture. However, his team results and performance have drawn early criticism over the legendary playmakers ability to manage the side going forward. The Juventus side could be out for vengeance against the Barcelona side that defeated them in 2015 UEFA Champions League final. They would fancy their chance owing to Barcelona’s slow start to the season as they were beaten 1-3 in the El Classico by arch-rivals Real Madrid. Here DAILY POST takes a look at how the Juventus side could line up against Barcelona. Absent; Alex Sandro (thigh) Possible; Cristiano Ronaldo (illness), Giorgio Chiellini (thigh), Matthijs De Ligt (shoulder). When the Italian giants drawn against FC Barcelona in the Group stages, expectations grew concerning the first meeting between Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi since the former left the Los Blancos for Turin giants, Juve. However, the possibility of that happening remains in serious doubt after Ronaldo returned a second positive coronavirus test. And this means that as things are right now, he might be unable to feature against his perennial rival, Messi. The all-time leading scorer in the UEFA Champions League will be diagnosed hours before kick-off, though, but there remains some hope he could yet feature. Pirlo has stated that if Ronaldo returns he would switch to a front three including Alvaro Morata, who scored both goals on match day one. And Argentina forward Paulo Dybala has been out of favour since the start of the season. But he was brought into starting line at the weekend. But if the Portuguese star fails to make it then the Juventus new boss (Pirlo) will probably stick with a 3-5-2 formation, though his defensive options have been hit with injuries. Defender Giorgio Chiellini was injured in the match day 1 fixture against Dynamo Kyiv as they recorded the all-important win. The Italian centre back remains a doubt for this match while left-back Alex Sandro and Matthijs de Ligt are also injury concerns. Arthur will be pushing to start against the club he left at the end of last season. But he could be forced to settle for a place on the substitute bench if Andrea Pirlo chooses to call upon Rodrigo Bentancur. Juventus vs. Barcelona; How Juventus Could Line-Up Against Barcelona In A 3-5-2 Formation. Wojciech Szczesny; Danilo, Merih Demiral, Leandro Bonucci; Federico Chiesa, Rodrigo Bentancur, Aaron Ramsey, Adrien Rabiot, Juan Cuadrado; Paulo Dybala, Alvaro Morata.