Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers: 1. As the protest against SARS continues across the country, some youths Friday stormed the headquarters of the recently disbanded police arm, SARS in Anambra, insisting on searching the compound. This was based on their belief that some suspects were usually killed and buried inside the compound housing the SARS offices. But attempts by the protesters to access the compound was rebuffed by armed security men, resulting in an argument. 2. Rev Tola Oyediran, daughter of Obafemi Awolowo is dead. Oyediran, who is the eldest child of Awolowo died on Friday, October 16, 2020, at 79 years. She was billed to celebrate her 80th birthday on December 1. Until her death, she was the Chairman, Board of Directors of African Newspapers of Nigeria ( ANN) publishers of Tribune titles. Prior to her death, the deceased was said to be hale and hearty. 3. The All Progressives Congress (APC) has reacted to President Muhammadu Buhari’s appointment of Lauretta Onochie as an Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Commissioner. Onochie is Buhari’s Special Assistant on social media. Yekini Nabena, in a statement said the PDP needs to be reminded that one of its card-carrying members, Dr. Johnson Alalibo is the current Edo State Resident Electoral Commissioner (REC). The party said for the PDP, Onochie’s capacity and effectiveness as a public servant and senior social media professional amounts to partisanship. 4. The Twitter account of the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) was on Friday hacked. The hackers put up a message threatening to reveal secrets of the Nigerian authorities. This, according to them was part of the protest against police brutality and a call for an end to the operations of SARS. 5. Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, has said he is not a party to the directive by the National Executive Council, NEC for Governors to set up a Judicial Panel of Inquiry to investigate activities of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, in their various states. NEC, after its meeting on Thursday, had directed the immediate establishment of state-based Judicial Panels of Inquiry to investigate complaints of police brutality or related extra judicial killings. Wike, in an interview on a live television programme wondered who will fund the panel of inquiry. He added that state governors cannot take charge of tactical commands because they cannot employ or discipline anyone who errs. 6. Former Governor, Gbenga Daniel of Ogun State, on Friday declared his support for Nigerian youths who have been on the streets to call for an end to police brutality and operations of the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) unit of the Nigeria Police Force. Gbenga Daniel, in a statement on his social media handles, said End SARS is the subjective condition for an impending revolution on the journey towards restructuring of the country’s political system. 7. The Governor of Edo State, Godwin Obaseki, has condemned the attack on the End SARS protesters by hoodlums in the state on Friday. Pictures and videos from some of the protesters showed some hoodlums armed with machetes and other dangerous weapons attacking protesters marching along Ring Road, killing one and injuring several others. Reacting, the Governor in a statement released on Friday evening, ordered the state Police Command to provide adequate security for the protesters as they exercise their rights as concerned Nigerians. 8. Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, on Friday, addressed youths of the state who visited him at the Government House, Enugu, to press further their demand for an end to police brutality in Nigeria. Gov. Ugwuanyi who described the protest as a solemn moment for the country, called for prayers and a minute silence for the departed souls of victims of extra-judicial killings in the nation. 9. The Governor of Ondo State, Rotimi Aleredolu, on Friday identified with youths protesting against police brutality in the state. Akeredolu commended the protesting youths for bringing an end to the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, unit of the Nigeria Police Force, NPF. The governor also disclosed that a committee has been set up to address the issue of illegality, extortion and harassment by police. 10. Nigeria’s Vice President, Yemi Osinbajo, has apologized to Nigerians and also admitted and faulted the Federal Government for not moving faster in addressing the demands of Nigerians calling for a total ban of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS unit of the police. Osinbajo, in a series of tweets on Friday night, said he knows many Nigerians are angry, and that their anger was justified. The VP assured that efforts are being made to address the demands of aggrieved Nigerians.