The Ogun State House of Assembly has on Thursday confirmed the appointment of a former President of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, Waheed Odusile and the Vice Chancellor of Tai Solarin University of Education, Ijagun, Prof. Abayomi Arigbabu as Commissioners in the state. DAILY POST reports that Governor Dapo Abiodun had earlier forwarded the names of the two nominees to the House of Assembly. They were subsequently screened earlier in the week by the lawmakers. Presenting the report of the Committee of Selection on the screening of the Commissioner nominees by the Majority Leader, Yusuf Sheriff, DAILY POST reports that the nominees’ credentials and curriculum vitae were screened, while the duo were also interviewed by the committees. It was gathered that the VC of TASUED was confirmed despite ongoing investigation into the financial records of his university. “In the course of the interview, it came to the fore that Tai Solarin University of Education, Ijebu-Ode, the institution where Prof. A. A Arigbabu is the Vice Chancellor and the Accounting Officer was indicted by the State Audit Report submitted to the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of the House, hence, the on-going investigation into the financial records of the institution,” Sheriff was quoted as saying. However, the committee said it found Arigbabu eligible as it relied on the legal presumption of innocence that an individual is considered innocent until proven guilty beyond reasonable doubts. Nonetheless, the lawmakers said if anyone is found guilty of any misdemeanor by the Public Accounts Committee, the person would be invited to undergo necessary legislative scrutiny and penalty. Sheriff had moved for the adoption of the report and it was seconded by Hon. Slyvester Abiodun and supported by the Whole House at a plenary chaired by the Speaker, Hon. Olakunle Oluomo, at the Assembly Complex in Abeokuta. The Committee has therefore recommended Odusile and Arigbabu for confirmation as commissioners in Ogun State.