The Adamawa and Taraba Zonal headquarters of the Nigerian Customs Service (NCS), located in the Adamawa State capital, Yola, has lamented the looting of its store and breaking into its offices by thugs. The controller in charge of the zone, Kamardeen Olumoh, confirmed to newsmen that the thugs did loot the Customs warehouse, where seized contraband goods were stored and vandalised some offices, including the computer section. “They even rolled out some of the vehicles parked in the premises,” Olumoh said, explaining that the thugs did such things because his men had to be careful not to react in a way that could cause human casualty. The Customs zonal headquarters had been among government establishments affected when thugs perpetuated violence and looting on Sunday and Monday mostly in the Adamawa State capital, Yola, in the name of the EndSARS protests. Many other government establishments as well as private outlets were affected. Among the private establishments was North-East Commodity Association (NECAS), a firm incorporated in Adamawa State to provide tractor leasing and mechanisation service to farmers, which has alleged the looting of 110 of its tractors. An official of NECAS, Mr Stephen Maduwa who made the allegation Tuesday, said, “A group of young men broke into NECAS warehouse in Kofare industrial area and rolled away brand new tractors down the streets. We are accessing the havoc but I can tell you already that no less than 110 of our tractors were carted away.” Maduwa who is also the state chairman of Rice Farmers Association of Nigeria (RIFAN), said bags of fertilizer and some farm implements meant to be distributed for dry season farming had also been stolen. He said, however, that the police had spoken of having recovered some of the stolen items. Speaking Tuesday afternoon, the state Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Sulaiman Nguroje, said some suspects had been arrested and some items recovered. “We thank residents because many are assisting security operatives in recovering looted items, including tractors, though some of the tractors have been dismantled,” the PPRO said.