Andrea Pirlo and His Juventus side would lock horn with Lionel Messi’s led Barcelona as hostility returns at Juventus in the UEFA Champions League. Goals from Alvaro Morata gave the Turin based club the edge over Dynamo Kiev last week in the 2-0 win on the road. While Barcelona began on a bright note in the same group thus mauling Hungarian giants Ferencvaros 5-1 in the opening fixture. With both sides set to face each other, it promises to be interesting to watch as quality will come up against quality in tonight’s epic encounter among both teams (Juventus and Barcelona). With the team certain to meet in about time, DAILY POST evaluates three (3) key battles to look forward to ahead of this fixture. Leandro Bonucci vs. Antoine Greizmann The Italian defender could be up against World Cup Winning Antoine Greizmann as Juventus clash on the pitch against Barcelona. His creativity and invention in the box will be tested by defender Bonucci, whose experiences at this level cannot be overemphasized. Both teams would create the necessary element that would be worth the time and aspiration in the course of the 90 minutes. Bonucci’s resilience should see him compete against the intelligent runs of Antonio Greizmann as the Frenchman would likely lead the lines in front of club legend Lionel Messi. Paulo Dybala vs. Jordi Alba The Argentine would do battle with Jordi Alba as the game gears up on the pitch. Alba’s pace would be key as well as his decision making as he faces the trickery movement of Paulo Dybala in the final third. The Spanish left-back must be at alert to avert any dangerous move intended by Dybala in the contest. His talent would be key to Juventus’ aspiration but Alba’s overlapping runs should see him deliver on the pitch while matching the Real Madrid linked star one 50-50 scenario during the course of the match. Federico Chiesa vs. Lionel Messi Playing against Messi is certainly one thing no player would love to do voluntarily as the case may be. But the Italian wingback could be handed the task to keep the Ballon D’or star quite in the contest. How well Chiesa performance would be determined only in the 90 minutes as Messi comes with fury aiming to redeem his image and his side fortunes following their recent poor run which led to a 1-3 loss at home during the El Classico despite Ansu Fati’s first-half equalizer against arch-rivals Real Madrid.