The Federal government has issued a directive to the Joint, Admissions and Matriculation Board, JAMB, ordering it to transfer candidates’ biometrics to their institutions of choice. Prof. Ishaq Oloyede, the Registrar, Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB), said the directive was issued through the Minister of Education, Malam Adamu Adamu on Friday in Abuja, NAN reports. Oloyede said that effective checks have been mounted by the Federal Government against identity theft in the admission process into Nigeria’s tertiary institutions. He said that the directive’s implementation would end fresh capturing of biometrics and pictures of candidates for post-UTME tests. He also revealed that the new directives had already uncovered 657 cases of candidates whose photographs could not match the ones recorded in JAMB’s database but were currently angling to change the photographs. According to him, the board had subsequently referred those who requested for change of photographs to come down to its headquarters. “In previous admission exercises, certain candidates who appear in the institution for registration were different from those who actually sit the examination. “This was possible because the institutions were taking fresh pictures and biometrics, thereby making it possible for impersonators to have a field day to ply their trade. “In the last exercise, we insisted, as directed by the Minister of Education, that all institutions should use the already captured biometrics and pictures by the Board. “This made it impossible for the candidates whose examinations were taken on their behalf by professional examination takers to gain admissions,” he said. Oloyede further revealed that the implementation of the directive had led to the arrest of one Etim Israel, a Police Constable, who was paraded before newsmen on allegation of examination malpractice. “Etim hired a school teacher named Emmanuel and paid him N30, 000 to write the 2020 UTME for him, while he was away on official duties. “Luck, however, ran out on him when his photograph could not tally with Emmanuel’s and was forced to visit the JAMB headquarters in Abuja for rectification. “He scored over 200 points in UTME and wanted to read fishery at the Akwa Ibom State University, Ikot Akpaden Mpat Enin. “But the new measures in place will not let him dare show his face in his chosen institution as it is the picture of his impersonator that was displayed at the screening venue,” he added.