The Senator representing Niger East Senatorial District and Chairman Senate Committee on Senate Services, Senator Mohammed Sani Musa has commended Nigerian youths for leading a peaceful protest that led to the dissolution of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). He urged them to continue on the path, as this is how nations are built, adding that the action of SARs is not just a flagrant abuse of power, but a societal menace that affects everyone. Musa in a signed press statement and made available to DAILY POST in Minna said SARS has been the topic of many discussions, particularly with regards to human rights violations and police brutality. Beyond scrapping SARS, he called for the reform of the Police and by extension other security agencies in the country to boost their efficiency in delivering better security cover to the people. According to him, “we were recently on-lookers as Americans gathered en masse to demand police reform, many of us shared the hashtags and the frustrations, but these same issues are occurring here at home and Nigerians have decided that enough is enough.” “The evidence against SARS is not short of damning, from reports from Amnesty International to videos and witness statements that indicate not just a flagrant abuse of power, but a societal menace that affects everyone.” The Chairman Senate Committee on Senate Services insisted that overwhelming evidence against the unit had suggested that it remains a danger to the people it was created to protect. The lawmaker also commended the prompt action taken by President Muhammadu Buhari in condemning the abuse of power and police brutality recently perpetrated by SARS operatives, and the directive to the Inspector General of Police to immediately dissolve the unit. He stated, ” the first step to change is acknowledgement. Nigerians as a whole have embarked on this cause, and I anticipate an end that will reflect the government’s commitment to protect and secure its citizens. “I join many Nigerians in the sentiment that if change and reform are not effective in SARS – the only viable option is the dissolution.” Applauding the youths, Musa also said, “I commend the youths for your resilience. I stand as an ally in this movement as a Nigerian first, but also in my capacity as a lawmaker.” ”Moving forward, I stand willing to support this cause. Be it through providing support for victims and their families or in the Senate where I trust my peers and I will continue to be advocates of continuous reform and development in all aspects, including the Nigerian police force.” He then condoled with all Nigerians, especially families and loved ones that have been affected by the menace perpetrated by SARS operatives.