Manchester United could be looking to continue their winning run at home against RB Leipzig as the Bundesliga pacesetters take the trip to Old Trafford on Wednesday evening. The Red Devils side began their Champions League campaign with a 2-1 victory over French giants Paris Saint Germain last week. But they drew 0-0 goalless with Chelsea at the weekend in their own ground on Saturday Premier League match. The Red Devils also have a tough match against Arsenal on Sunday and this should see Solskjaer make several decisions on team selection ahead of the German visit (RB Leipzig). Here, DAILY POST takes a look at how the Red Devils could line-up against RB Leipzig on the UEFA Champions League fixture. Absent: Eric Baily (muscle), Jesse Lingard (knock), Phil Jones (knew) Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has fewer concerns with injuries. Players out injured for the Red Devils include Phil Jones, Jesse Lingard and Eric Baily, none could go into the team in the first place. Solskjaer returned his side to their 4-2-3-1 formation against Chelsea but given how the three men at the back worked against PSG last week, Solskjaer would opt to revert to that same formation for the visit of the robust RB Leipzig side. The formation is likely to see Axel Tuanzebe return to the side owing to his stellar performance against Ligue 1 Champions and the defender could be partnered by Victor Lindelof and Luke Shaw should skipper Harry Maguire be rested against the German side. Right-back Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Alex Telles are certain to keep their places in the full-back position. But Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has a couple of issues in midfield to deal with as Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba is in contention for starting berth against Leipzig. However, Fred and Scott Mc Tominay could be given the rod to start against Leipzig. While Donny Van de Beck could be handed the free role though he has struggled since his arrival Bruno Fernandes could be rested ahead of Sunday’s trip to Arsenal. Upfront, Marcus Rashford has been noted for his work off the pitch, but as in the case with Fernandes, Ole Gunner Solskjaer will not want to take a further risk over the striker fitness. United’s attacking options have been made easy following the availability of French star Anthony Martial. He would be partnered by Edinson Cavani who nearly marked his debut with a goal against Chelsea with his first touch of the ball. Manchester United vs RB Leipzig: How Manchester United could line-up against RB Leipzig. David De Gea; Axel Tuanzebe, Victor Lindelof, Luke Shaw; Fred, Scot Mc Tominay, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Alex Teller; Donny Van De Beek, Edinson Cavani, Anthony Martial.