President Donald J. Trump, the 45th President of the United States of America and the leader of the free world, is God’s annointed. Nothing and no-one can take that away from him or stop him. He is the biblical King Cyrus in Isaiah 45. He is God’s “trump card” who came to “build the walls” and through him the walls of the Church in America shall be rebuilt. The mainstream media can scandalise and demonise him all they like and they can even get some of his friends, associates, relatives and colleagues to blacklist, demonise, fabricate stories and lie about him just to destroy his credibility and stop him but it makes no difference. All of them put together coupled with all the forces of hell and their master satan cannot stop a man who has been annointed and chosen by the Living GOD to lead a nation and the free world. It is what God purposes that matters and nothing else. The Bible says, “Once has it been written and twice has it been heard that all power belongs to God and the Heavens do rule in the affairs of men”. Once the Lord has decreed a thing and His purpose is established and clear, the perceptions and opinion of mortals mean nothing and changes nothing. The Lord rules in the affairs of men and forges the destiny of nations. He is awesome in battle and irresistable and His will cannot be thwarted. Do you think that it is by accident that Trump has overcome every obstacle that has been placed in his way by the Dems over the last 4 years? Do you think it is by accident that he emerged, against all odds as the Republican party candidate in 2016 even though all former Republican presidents and most leading Republicans were against him? Do you think that it was by accident that he kept bouncing back in business over the years even though he was declared bankrupt several times and had numerous failures? Do you think that it was by accident that throughout his life when he had financial problems the banks kept bailing him out and giving him another chance and his friends kept supporting him? Do you think that it was by accident that he married several times and that each one failed and crashed till the right woman came along? Do you think that it was by accident that he spoke out more than any other American President in history, living or dead, about the killing and persecution of Christians all over the world and particularly in nations like Nigeria? Do you think it was by accident that the first prophecy where he was mentioned by name by tried, tested and respected men of God that one day he would be President of America and leader of the free world came out in 1986, the second in 1996, the third in 2007 and then finally the fourth in 2014. Many mocked the prophecies at the time and labelled him unworthy and irresponsible but in 2016, to the amazement of the entire world, the Lord honored His word. God cannot be resisted. He sees the heart of men and makes His choices accordingly. And neither is He a liar. Once He has spoken His word stands and it cannot be altered, resisted or aborted. The story of Joseph, David, Moses, Gideon, Jeptha, Cyrus, Jehu and countless others in the Bible proves that. And more often than not it is the most hated, rejected, weakest, unqualified, despised and unlikely that He lifts up and uses to lead, rule and deliver nations and take His people to the promise land. His ways are not our ways. He sees and knows what we do not see and know and His choices are never wrong. In David we saw an adulterer and a murderer but He saw him as a man after His heart. In Moses we saw an overzealous, angry, unworthy and pampered son of Pharaoh and killer but He saw a great deliverer. In Gideon we saw a man from the smallest family and most unworthy of all the tribes and clans in Israel but He saw a great man of valour. The Lord’s ways are not our ways and His thoughts are not ours. He cannot lie and He does not make mistakes. In 2015 , I wrote an essay in which I said that the hand of God was on Trump and that he would win the nomination as flagbearer for the Republican party. Many said I was wrong and in Nigeria many insulted me (I am used to that). I was proved right when he won. In 2016, I wrote another essay in which I said that Trump would defeat Hilary Clinton in the presidential election. Again many disagreed with me and again many in Nigeria, who had been brainwashed and misinformed by CNN and the fake news media, insulted me. Again I was proved right and he went on to win. I am stating clearly and categorically now that Trump will win the presidential election and defeat Joe Biden in November after which he will usher in a great era of restoration of prosperity, decency, virtues and good old fashioned Christian values in America. Many will disagree with me and insult me again but once again I will be proved right because I am being led by the Spirit of God who is a revealer of secrets to those who know Him. Trump’s ascendancy and great success is a confirmation and fulfillment of the scripture that says “the Lord uses the foolish things of this world to confound the wisdom of the wise”. Many see Trump as being foolish, rude, brash, ill-tempered, wayward and bullish but God sees and knows him to be compassionate, courageous, loving, God-fearing, forthright and kind. He may not be an angel and he may not even be a true believer but neither was Cyrus. God uses whom He deems fit to restore and to effect His purpose and it ends there. If you have a problem with His choices then blame Him and not the object of His love or the person He chooses. In 2008 when Obama entered the ring for the presidential race I wrote an essay in which I said he would win but that he would visit America with great evil. I was proved right. I wrote another essay in 2012 just before the second election in which again I said the same thing and I wrote that Obama was paving the way for satan’s New World Order. Again I was proved right and he introduced the most ungodly and anti-Christian practices in the history of America and sought to legitimise them in the name of “yes we can”. In Obama’s world it was commendable and even admirable for men to marry men, for women to marry women and for abortions to take place in their millions. Worse still, he declared America a non-Christian nation, denigrated the Church, mocked the scriptures, desecrated Christian values, changed the name of Christmas to “holy day” and banned Christmas from the White House. Most appalling of all was the fact that he exported and imposed these demonic values and anti-Christ philosophies to much of the rest of the world. Trump was God’s ace card in 2016 and he came to clean up Obama’s mess. He has done so for the last four years and He will do so for another four years. This is prophetic and it shall come to pass. Permit me to end with the following. When the time is right and if our nation remains together the Lord will raise a Trump-like figure for Nigeria too and all things will be made beautiful. We are a dark nation, with a dark name, with a dark heart and in a dark continent but God has His purpose for us. In the fullness of time, He will raise a great deliverer, a modern-day Jehu, who will bring forth His glorious light, establish justice and change our fortunes. Of this I have no doubt. Every form of evil and evil governance has an expiry date and we are almost there whether the Nigerian people themselves see it or not. God’s purpose shall be established in our country, His counsel shall stand, His will shall be done and His name shall be glorified at the appointed time regardless of the evil that presently reigns and that has reigned for the last 60 years. Till then satan and his agents can rake and rant as much as they like. If America can survive its evil history of racism, callousness, injustice and brutality and be restored so can Nigeria. If America can survive Obama and the Clinton’s then Nigeria can survive Buhari and 60 years of injustice, incompetence, iniquity and wickedness. It is prophetic. Insult and condemn the messenger as much as you like but it cannot be resisted. Finally to Donald Trump I say: “Ignore the insults, despise the shame, scorn the traitors and shun those that have repaid your good with evil. Tear off that mask, come out boldly and face your enemies with strength and courage! Be the lion and warrior that you have always been and fear God alone! Go forth, speak truth, shame your enemies and detractors and conquer. The Presidency is yours in November and so is the leadership of the free world: the Lord wills it! God bless you and God bless America!”