The Management of Ladoke Akintola University of Technology Teaching Hospital, Osogbo, has reacted to the alleged negligence of its staff in handling the case of Seyi Adebowale, a slain officer of the Department of State Services (DSS). DAILY POST reports that Adebowale was allegedly shot by one Sunday Dada, an official of Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, (NSCDC) at the palace of Olowu Kuta, during a function on Tuesday, September 15. He reportedly passed on in the early hours of Monday, September 30, at LAUTECH, after undergoing two surgical operation as prescribed by medical personnel of the hospital, including the Chief Medical Director, Professor Peter Babatunde Olaitan. Meanwhile, the death of the DSS official sparked some pockets of controversy, as some alleged negligence, insensitivity and lack of competence on the part of medical personnel in the hospital. Speaking with DAILY POST on Sunday, the CMD, Professor Olaitan said despite several allegations against the hospital, he was confident that his colleagues did their best to save the life of the officer. He was quick to add that the hospital at it stands, and in response to plethora of allegations, was considering a postmortem to ascertain those factors that led to Adebowale’s death. He said, “People can make allegations, but the truth of the matter is that, a patient was brought to the hospital with a gunshot in the abdomen. “That is a serious injury, and our colleagues actually took the patient to the theatre and he developed complications later and he was reoperated before he eventually died. “Truly, there are allegations, and those allegations actually made us to ensure that postmortem is done. I am waiting for that report. “We set up panel to look into everything that pertains to that patient, so we can be well informed and the people involved. “We should just wait for the result of the postmortem. Management will look at it. “Concerning the surgery carried out by Dr. Ashafa, I heard he did the surgery with a consultant and consultant is the highest level of our professional, we can’t know what happened until we get the result of the postmortem. “Two weeks panel committee was constituted on Wednesday. We will be expecting the result next week”.