The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Uyo zonal office has secured the conviction for 18 cybercrime offenders in Cross River State. Speaking at a Media Parley in Calabar, Cross River State on Wednesday, the newly posted Zonal Head, Edeh Akpa Uchenna said that the suspects were convicted on Friday. “I resumed duty as EFCC Zonal Head on 10th August 2020, we have investigated various cybercrimes offenders and we have secured the conviction of 18 of them on Friday. “The convicts have all forfeited their working tools and good numbers of exhorted vehicles including jeeps that were recovered and were convicted in the Federal High Court in Calabar. “Within the last 2 months, we have achieved more convictions. Laws allowed us to go to any state of the federation to arrest and prosecute cybercrime offenders in the country’ he stated. Uchenna further said that a popular fraudster who owned Pyramid Investment, Umana Umana was arrested and he is in the EFCC custody, “We have most popular fraudsters called Pyramid Investment in our custody. He has been charged to court, his name is Umana Umana. The Head of EFCC Uyo zonal office regretted that the people of the two states, Cross River and Akwa Ibom have not written enough petitions to the Commission and urged them to do so without further delay as the Commission was out to serve them better. On high profile cases, he said he was disappointed at the number of cases found in the handing over note, “I am disappointed, what I heard was not what I saw. “The people of the two states must take this sensitisation seriously, as the Commission is here to investigate any wrongdoing. I am not impressed with what I saw in Calabar in terms of sanitation, “I heard about Cross River State as the cleanest city in the country but what I saw were grasses growing on top of buildings. We are out to investigate politicians who are corrupt and bring them to book. “A one billion naira stolen and kept somewhere can give us 200 squares Km of roads. Calabar/It Road had been in a terrible and deplorable state, when we get back, we will look for government functionaries and politicians who had collected money and failed to do the roads. “We have money in the region and they left the road unattended to. If they have done the road, it would have improved and boosted economic activities of the two states. I don’t understand what is wrong with the black man. We will discuss it when we get back and God will help us with information on those who collected the money’ he stated.