The Rector of Kwara State Polytechnic, in Ilorin, Engr (Dr) Jimoh Mohammed, on Tuesday debunked allegations arising from the ongoing visitation panel exercise against the management of the institution circulated by some online news media. Dr Mohamed said he would not want to pre-empt the outcome of the report of the visitation panel currently on a fact-finding mission to the polytechnic, “It was the Governing Council that called for a forensic audit of the records of the bursary department, internal audit and Dalash Communications International, in respect of financial transactions on the polytechnic’s portal. “Therefore, it was necessary to place the leadership of the bursary and audit units on suspension and stop the services of Dalash Communications International, to prevent undue interference in the investigation process,” a statement in Ilorin, by the Deputy Registrar, Information and Publication Division of the polytechnic, Ajibola S. Jimoh explained. He said while the fact-finding mission was ongoing, ” The salary account of the polytechnic was transferred from Keystone bank to FCMB bank, because banks did not co-operate with the management of the institution when they were requested to disclose necessary information on the monthly wage bill of the polytechnic, upon assumption of duty by the new rector. “It was this act of insubordination by the banks, that made the Governing Council embark on staff audit. The exercise was conducted at no cost, contrary to the fake allegations that a sum of N50m was expended on it by the management.” The rector dismissed the allegations as misleading and not only an assault on the personalities of the Commissioner for Tertiary Education, Hajia Sa’adatu Modibbo Kawu, the Chairman of the Governing Council, Dr Salihu S. Yaaru, and the rector, but also a deliberate attempt to sway the minds of the unsuspecting members of the public on the laudable efforts of the state government in sanitizing the running of tertiary institutions in the state. Dr Mohamed said, the commissioner has never been involved in the day to day running of the polytechnic as alleged, “because there is a Governing Council in place, therefore the innocent woman is being witch-hunted for stern determination to ensure tertiary institutions in the state are run in line with due process and transparency.” He described the development “as a case of corruption fighting back,” and Commended mature journalists and media houses who always approach the polytechnic for clarifications of issues before rushing to the press.” DAILY POST reports that the ongoing visitation panel on the polytechnic is led by Dr Fatai Bello, but is yet to submit its report to Governor Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq.