Nigerian players abroad were in action during the week for their respective clubs as the Europa League match took centre stage. There were goals from some of the Nigerian players while some made appearances on the pitch. The West African side has got a lot of players scattered across Europe. With contrasting showings from the Nigerian players abroad, DAILY POST takes a look at how these players fared across Europe in the Europa League Match Day 1 game. Europa League-Group B In Group B, Nigerian forward Ohi Anthony Omoijuanfo was in action before he was replaced by Ola Brynhildsen in the 90th minute. Ohi Anthony scored a 72nd minute winner from the penalty spot as Molde defeated Dundalk 1-2 away from home. Still eligible Bukayo Saka featured for 84th minutes for Arsenal as they came from behind to beat Rapid Win 1-2 away from home. Goals from David Luiz and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored in the 70th and 74th minute secured the win with Kieran Tierney replacing Bukayo Saka. Europa League-Group C Nigerian forward Peter Olayinka was not in the match Day squad for Slavia Prague as Hapoel Beer Sheva defeated Slavia Prague 3-1. Europa League-Group D Standard Liege last 0-2 to Ranger’s Leon Balogun and Joe Aribo with the former playing for the 90 minutes. Aribo came on for Lanis Hagi. Europa League-Group E Injured Ramon Azeez was not in action for Granada when they beat Dutch side PSV Eindhoven 1-2 away from home. Europa League-Group F SSC Napoli lost with Victor Osimhen lasting 66th minutes on the pitch for his Italian side. He was replaced by Andrea Petagna as they got beaten at home by visitors AZ Alkmaar. Europa League-Group G Kelechi Iheanacho was in top form as he assisted James Maddison and Harvey Barnes 29th and 45th-minute goals to make it 2-0 for Leicester. He completed the scoring with a right-footed finish for the third goal (3-0) in the 67th minute. The Foxes defeated Zorya 3-0. Kelechi was replaced in the 71st minute by Spanish forward Ayoze Perez. Europa League-Group I Maccabi Tel Aviv won 1-0 against visiting side Qarabag. But Chico Ofoedu was not listed for his Maccabi Tel Aviv side. Samuel Chukwueze was in for 90 minutes for Villarreal. He assisted Takefusa Kubo in the 15th minute. Also, Olarenwaju Kayode got his goal in the 33rd minute for Sivasspor as home side Villarreal beat Sivasspor 5-3 at home. Europa League-Group J Nigerian goalkeeper Tobias Lawal was on the bench as his LASK Linz side lost 3-0 away at Tottenham Hotspur. Europa League-Group K CSKA Moscow drew 1-1 away at Wolfsberger AC with Chidera Ejuke coming in for Nayair Tiknizyan in the 46th minute. Ejuke was booked in the 53rd minute. Europa League-Group L Hoffenheim’s defender Kevin Ufuoma Akpoguma lasted the entire duration of the game as they defeated FK Crvena Zvezda 2-0 at home in Germany.