President Muhammadu Buhari has said that it is unfortunate that the initial genuine and well-intended protest of youths in parts of the country against the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) was hijacked and misdirected President Buhari said this during his meeting with former Heads of State and Presidents of Nigeria, Friday in Abuja. President Buhari’s Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina, said that President Buhari, during the meeting, reiterated that his government will not fold its arms and allow miscreants and criminals continue to perpetrate acts of hooliganism in the country. Former Nigerian leaders present at the meeting were, Gen. Yakubu Gowon, President Olusegun Obasanjo, Gen. Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida, Chief Ernest Shonekan, Gen. Abulsalami Abubakar, and former President Goodluck Jonathan. President Buhari, according to Adesina, recalled that Nigerian youths had demanded that the squad be disbanded, and further articulated other demands. The President declared: ”We accepted all the demands and proceeded immediately to scrap SARS and started the process of addressing the other demands. ‘Buhari said that unfortunately, the protesting youths refused to go home but continued the protest and engage the government to address their grievances. He told the former Heads of States that the protesters became emboldened and gradually became violent. Reiterating his pledge to Nigerians from the nationwide broadcast Thursday, the President reaffirmed: ”We will continue to improve good governance through our democratic process including through sustained engagement. ”We shall also continue to ensure that liberty and freedom, as well as the fundamental rights of all citizens are protected. Here, I want to also reaffirm our commitment to preserving the unity of this country.” Thanking the former Heads of State, for making out their time for the meeting, Buhari added that ”Nigerians expect nothing less from responsible statesmen.” Each of the former leaders commended President Buhari for steps taken so far to restore calm and order to the country and also applauded the presidential broadcast of Thursday as detailed and soothing to the country. ”I commend the speech of last night. The nation had been waiting. You made points that I believe need to be commended. Peaceful demonstration is part of democratic practice. The demands of the genuine protesters were accepted, and you are working on implementation. We commend you,” former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, said. The former heads of state were unanimous in their view that generation of employment and growing the economy including through direct foreign investments were critical to checking youth restiveness. They also expressed their condolences to the bereaved families of civilians, policemen and soldiers killed as a result of the violent protest, and reaffirmed the commitment to respect the fundamental rights of citizens, including for peaceful protest as enshrined in the Constitution. The former Heads of State also condemned the divisive and inciting pronouncements of separatists, and were of the opinion that such acts should be stopped. Equally, the former Leaders commended the actions taken by Governors to address the demands of the ENDSARS protesters and their efforts to check the excesses of those who perpetrated violent acts and conduct. Finally, they called on youths to pursue peaceful means, in seeking redress through engagement with Government and encouraged further conversation with the youths and other stakeholders in the country,