Lagos State House of Assembly has demanded the proscription of the Special Anti-Robbery (SARS). The legislature demanded a new and well-structured security outfit. Protesters were at the Assembly on Thursday. They later kept vigil around the Governor’s Office and were joined by hundreds more today. On Friday the House directed Commissioner of Police, Hakeem Odumosu, to provide protection for demonstrators. At an emergency sitting presided over by the Speaker, Mudashiru Obasa, the lawmakers added their voice to nationwide calls for the End SARS due to the unit’s unchecked brutality. A seven-point resolution passed after an extensive deliberation urged the Senate and the House of Representatives to carry out a probe of the allegations against SARS. It also charged President Muhammadu Buhari and Governor Sanwo-Olu to act urgently. They resolved that the Commissioner of Police in Lagos should protect End SARS protesters. He and his counterparts in other states were asked to stop unwarranted molestation of youths. Lagos Assembly told Senate President and Speaker, House of Representatives, to institute a public enquiry on SARS, ensure victims are duly compensated while erring officers are sanctioned appropriately They insisted on SARS proscription and the creation of a new security outfit that will be more efficient with clearly spelt out code of conduct and rules of engagements. Lagos legislators urged President Muhammadu Buhari to ensure that culpable SARS operatives receive the punishments prescribed by the National Assembly “Committee on Judiciary, Human Rights and Public Petitions liaise with the Commissioner of Police and Attorney General of the State will fashion out ways and means to address allegations of ruthlessness and extrajudicial killings contained in petitions against SARS in the state. “The Governor of Lagos State, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, should engage relevant institutions to protect lives and property in the state such that phones, laptops and other means of communication belonging to youths are not confiscated indiscriminately without a warrant”, the resolutions added.