Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Mallam Muhammad Bello, has announced that schools in Abuja are to reopen on Sunday, October 11. Boarding schools are expected to open to students on Sunday, while academic activities will begin on Monday. 2. An official of Zazzau Emirate, Aminu Yakubu-Wambai, has resigned his traditional title hours after the appointment of Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli as the new Emir of Zazzau. Wambai was the Wakilin Raya Kasar Zazzau, a position he held for 19 years. 3. The main opposition party in the Saturday governorship election in Ondo State, the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has rejected INEC’s choice of the Vice-Chancellor of the Obafemi Awolowo University, OAU, Ile Ife, Prof Eyitope Ogunbodede, as the Chief Returning Officer. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, who is the Chairman, National Campaign Council of the PDP, at a press briefing in Akure, the Ondo State capital on Thursday, said major reason is that the INEC’s Returning Officer hails from Owo Local Government Area, the same LGA as Governor Rotimi Akeredolu, who is the candidate of the All Progressives Congress. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has insisted that members of the Association of Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) will get salaries. Speaking in his annual speech to the joint session of the two Chambers of the National Assembly which is currently ongoing, Buhari said that those lecturers who were captured in the IPPIS will continue to draw their salaries without any hitch. 5. The Federal Government has released fresh guidelines for the reopening of schools in the country. The National Coordinator of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, Sani Aliyu, said schools and educational bodies that plan to reopen must have detailed communication protocols that include parents, school health teams, school authorities and local state officials. 6. The National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) has said that five persons were killed following the gas tanker explosion in Baruwa area of Alimosho Local Government Area of Lagos State. The Acting Zonal Coordinator, South West Zonal Office, NEMA, Mr Ibrahim Farinloye, told newsmen that three persons have been rescued in the Thursday’s incident occurred at 5.40a.m. at Candos Road, Baruwa Inside, Lagos, when a Liquefied Petroleum Gas tanker was in the process of discharging at the Best Roof Gas Plant Station. 7. Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, has distanced himself from the attack on former Ekiti State Governor, Ayo Fayose. Makinde, in a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Taiwo Adisa, said he didn’t order thugs to humiliate the ex-Ekiti governor, adding that he wouldn’t want to join issues with Fayose. 8. The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) has told its staff that they must account for all votes during the Ondo State governorship election on Saturday. INEC Chairman, Mahmood Yakubu, in a message to those of them that will participate in the poll urged all staff members to resist any temptation and be committed to the vision and mission of INEC in carrying out their duties during the election. 9. The African Democratic Congress (ADC) has sanctioned its state officials that endorsed candidates of other political parties. ADC Vice Chairman, Peter Edeh, at the party’s grand finale rally in Akure, said the members have been suspended for being anti-party. He named Ibrahim Rasheed as new acting Chairman and Timothy Akinola as acting Secretary in Ondo. 10. The Super Eagles of Nigeria will lock horns with the Desert Foxes of Algeria in an international friendly in Austria today. The match would kick-off is by 7pm (WAT).