The Middle Belt Forum, MBF, has expressed shock over the death of its former scribe, Dr. Yima Sen. The forum described the former National Secretary of the Middle Belt Forum, late Dr Yima Sen as an advocate for peace and development, who never left anyone in doubt of his commitment to national development. The forum’s National Publicity Secretary, Dr Isuwa Dogo, in a statement said, “The death of Dr. Yima Sen whose sad event took place in Abuja on Tuesday, October 06, 2020, came to us as a rude shock and brought feelings of grave loss as we reminisce about his active participation with other organisations and human rights bodies to emancipate ethnic nationalities from the bondage of injustice.” The forum recalled with melancholy Dr Sen’s indelible footprints in the activities of the forum when he served as the National Secretary of the Middle Belt Forum (MBF). It explained, “The unsurpassed energies he brought to bear in the daily discharge of his duties, in collaboration with other national officers, assisted tremendously in creating a separate identity for our ethnic nationalities that were and still victims of violence and various forms of discriminatory practices.” The forum noted that as an academic of global repute and an activist of an insurmountable standing, Dr. Sen unleashed his inexhaustible intellectual energies in becoming a constant searchlight on the myriad of forces working against the development of the Nigerian nation. Early in life, the statement said that he was appointed the Special Assistant to Dr Chuba Okadigbo who was then the Special Adviser to former President Shehu Shagari on Political Matters during the Second Republic. Apart from engaging in active politics, the statement added that the Benue-born intellectual giant cum activist who, until his death was a senior academic with the Baze University, Abuja, was a well sought after speaker in various forums in recognition of his cerebral disposition. “As an advocate for peace and development, our former scribe never left anyone in doubt of his commitment to national development and rallying people across ethnic, religious and religious divides for the common good. He saw government as a tool that could be deployed for the overall good of the greater majority,” the statement further explained. In seeking to achieve the advancement of our communities in the Middle Belt Region, it said the communication specialist was also involved in many organisations aimed at the resolution of issues in a bid to engender and promote peaceful co-existence. The statement explained, “Our forum is profoundly pained by the death of Dr. Sen who was unwavering towards ensuring a new dawn for his nation that was and still under the yoke of underdevelopment and forces of injustice. In death, we are proud of his indelible and inspiring records as a consummate intellectual and illustrious son of the Middle Belt Region.” The forum prayed for the members of his immediate family and called on the Almighty God to grant them the fortitude to bear the pains over this irreparable loss. The forum expressed its condolences to the people and government of Benue State under the leadership of Governor Samuel Ortom over the tragic loss. “We pray to God to console them over the death of this distinguished and erudite son of the Middle Belt Region and grant eternal repose to Dr. Sen’s soul,” it added.