A former Deputy Vice Chancellor (DVC) at the Ladoke Akintola University (LAUTECH) Ogbomoso, Professor Timothy Adebayo has emerged as the forth Vice Chancellor of Ajayi Crowther University (ACU), Oyo. DAILY POST gathered that Adebayo succeeded Professor Dapo Asaju, a former Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) Lagos State University (LASU) Ojoo, whose tenure expired recently. Adebayo resumed as the fourth VC of the institution at the weekend. Adebayo in his inaugural speech promised to rule, direct and reposition the institution. The new Vice Chancellor, while addressing members of the university community, noted that the university will become a top class institution, relevant both nationally and internationally through the vigorous pursuit of the vision of the University. He said, “ACU under my leadership will strive to ensure that its academic operations, including curriculum design and development, are tailored to achieve a substantial completion percentage of its strategic plans. The university curricula will be modified (in line with the vision, mission, and objectives), along with highly qualified academics. “Permit to say that I am here to work with you and co-direct (keep in mind that we are co-labourers in his vine yard) the affairs of this university with a mantra “Towards Self – financing, self-sustaining and striving for excellence with fear of God Using five key areas as my tools. “With a mantra of “Re-invigoration of internally generated revenue to achieve financial sustainability”, the fourth ACU Vice Chancellor stated that he will develop a roadmap to rebrand and expand infrastructures on her campuses. “I will Develop a road map towards becoming a top class university, which is in tandem with vision of the founding fathers of Ajayi Crowther University, Rebrand and Expand Infrastructures on our campuses, Use ICT as a tool to drive Teaching, Research and meeting. “Exchange programmes between established university home and abroad will also be taken into consideration. This will help to broaden the experience of ACU lecturers. “There will be the establishment of a unit that will be saddled with the responsibility of sourcing for donors. I will also leverage on the calibre of the parents of our students and international scope of Anglican Church to launch out to solicit for donors and endowment of chairs in the University. “I will strive to draw ACU into the global knowledge market through research output and quality teaching. In addition, I will struggle with all diligence to obtain accreditations for all academic programs.”