The Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, SOKAPU, has said that the continuous kidnapping of innocent people unabated has created anxiety, confusion and fear in the state. The forum stated that it has further cast what it described dark, grim hue on the ever diminishing security reality in the state. The statement issued by its National Public Relations Officer, Luka Binniyat, said, “It has been over one week today since trigger-happy gunmen abducted the Caretaker Committee Chairman of Kaura Local Government Area (LGA) in Southern part of Kaduna State – Dr. Bege Katuga – on his farm in Juji – a suburb of Kaduna town that falls under Chikun local government area.” It added, “The commercial bike rider that conveyed him to the farm was gruesomely shot dead on the spot before the kidnappers of the Chairman disappeared with him into the unknown.” The statement observed that for about 42 days since gunmen in broad day light invaded Prince Academy, Damba Kasaya in Chikun LGA, which also forms part of Southern Kaduna and killed Benjamin Auta, 35 taking away Miracle Danjuma,16; Favor Danjuma, 10 and Happiness Odoji, 16. Their teachers: Mr Shadrach Bako, 28 and Miss Christiana Madugu, 27 were also kidnapped alongside their hapless pupils. “Till date, the fate of these innocent children and their teachers is unknown, as government and security agencies have kept sealed lips over this crime as if their lives don’t matter,” the statement recalled. It noted that Katuka, a serving Local Government Chairman, has thrown the people in the state, has thrown the people into anxiety, confusion and fear. SOKAPU noted that while the invasion, destruction and killings of their rural people have ebbed in the past few days, kidnapping has suddenly increased. “SOKAPU is daily inundated with reports of kidnapping and sundry crimes especially in our rural areas in the suburb of Kaduna metropolis where our members live. “On regular basis, our people are forced to cough out millions to these outlaws, apart from burying those who are unfortunate to be killed in the hands of their abductors. All these are ploys to impoverish us and enriched the aggressors as a way of setting us economically backward,” the statement explained. “In the view of SOKAPU, Kaduna State has never been so unsecured; crime and lawlessness so pervasive and common place as it is now. “The most disturbing aspect of these evil is that government seems incapable of handling these crimes and the best way it thinks it can go about it is to remain mute. This is very unfortunate and sad. “A responsible government that finds its self in such a quandary would regularly brief its citizens on what it is doing to secure them as a means assuring them that there is leadership in that state that cares. This rekindles hope, support and solidarity among the people and for even the government,” the statement observed. It added, “Yet, it is this same Kaduna state government that had used tracking devices to hunt down and arrest some vocal persons that had spoken against the highhanded leadership of Mallam Nasir el-Rufai, the governor of Kaduna state. Why that technology is not deployed to equally track down those murderers and kidnappers leaves us baffled.”