The Osun State Police Command, on Tuesday, paraded 87 suspects alleged to have engaged in the looting and vandalization of properties in the state. The State Commissioner of Police, Undie Adie, while parading the suspects, noted that Osun State last week witnessed attacks on public officials and innocent private individuals, destruction of government and private properties and massive looting of warehouses. The Police boss, who was represented by the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of CID, Adekola Hamzat, highlighted the places attacked by hoodlums. “Osun Mall Olaiya, Cocoa Processing Factory Ede, Government Grains Reserve GMT Area Osogbo, OSADEP GRA Lameco Area Osogbo, Osun Central Store Orisunbare Osogbo, Olorunda Local Government Secretariat Osogbo. “Osun Insurance Company Ikirun, Akirun of Ikirun Personal residence along Ekonde, Ikirun Road Ikirun; Omoluabi Garment Factory Abere, APC Secretariat Ogo-Oluwa, Senator Ajibola Bashir Quarters GRA Osogbo, Hon. Lasun Yusuf Campaign office off Ring Road Osogbo, Hon. Bukola Oyewo Campaign Office, osogbo, Ileri Oluwa Campaign Office Ogo-Oluwa; Federal Silo Grain Reserve, Ilesha, Oba Foothouse, Ilesha, Iwo LGA Secretariat. “Senator Oriolowo’s house and farm, Iwo, Hon. Amere Constituency Office, Hon. Afolabi’s store Ikirun where motorcycles, furniture, computers and accessories, electric generators, refrigerators, foodstuffs, etc.” He stated that some items have been recovered and investigation to establish their culpability is on-going, as they will be arraigned in court as soon as investigation is completed. While thanking the good indigenes and residents of Osun State for being law abiding, Adie enjoined them to carry-on their lawful businesses without fear. He equally called on the hoodlums who participated in the massive looting to take advantage of the Amnesty granted by the Governor to return the looted items in their possession. He said after the 72-hour ultimatum given which will elapse today, Wednesday October 28, 2020, those found with looted items will be arrested and charged among other crimes, for armed robbery, conspiracy, brigandage, murder, house breaking, stealing, receiving stolen properties and sundry offences.