The Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Kaduna State, has described as disturbing the manner government officials treat citizens in the face of hunger and untold hardship, made worse by the COVID-19 pandemic. More disturbing and repugnant is the fact that Government officials, in the face of hunger and untold hardship that has been made worst by the COVID-19 pandemic could withhold palliatives that should have been used to relieve poor citizens from the hunger that the pandemic came with. CAN, however, condemned the vandalization and looting of public and private properties in Kaduna State by youths. A statement issued by CAN state chairman, Rev. John Joseph Hayab, frowned at the activities of criminal youths. “We are sad to know that palliatives were discovered in warehouses located in Barnawa in Kaduna, as a result of which the youths fell into the temptation of vandalizing the property and looting the said palliatives stored there going as far as searching for other warehouses in other locations within Kaduna. CAN frown at such actions and condemns it in strong terms.” The statement added, “More disturbing and repugnant is the fact that government officials, in the face of hunger and untold hardship that has been made worst by the COVID-19 pandemic could withhold palliatives that should have been used to relieve poor citizens from the hardship and hunger that the pandemic came with. “We note that whoever is responsible for holding these palliatives is/are to take responsibility for this unholy act. In that regard, we call on the government to investigate and take drastic actions against those whose greed and insensitivity caused the near break down of law and order.” CAN called on all persons who may still have palliatives in their warehouses for selfish gains against the poor masses to as a matter of urgency bring the palliatives out and share them to the citizens that they are meant for. The statement said, “Should you choose to keep these palliatives in your custody, the youths may still find out in the near future which will still bring us back to this ugly experience as there is nothing hidden under the sun.” The Christian body called on those responsible to come out publicly and apologize to the citizens for withholding what belongs to the people at a time they needed it most and called on the youths to resist the temptation of vandalizing and looting. “We understand the pains, we feel it too but as responsible leaders and organization, we all know that two wrongs don’t make a right. Our youth must note that destroying public and private properties is never a justified means of expressing grievances. We advise that you report such suspicious steps to your leaders rather than resort to looting,” the statement added. On the curfew announced by the government, CAN said it was a step in the wrong direction, adding that the government cannot address every issue by imposing curfew all the time. “How can we allow the wrongdoing of a few, within a little part of the state cause the larger Community of the 23 LGAs pains and hardship?” the statement explained. The statement called on the government to find other ways of handling criminality, adding that the curfew has become an easy tool in the hands of the government that at every slight provocation. CAN said it fears that if the government continues in this direction, in the future, citizens will not take government seriously when the need for it arises. It called on the government to as a matter of urgency reassess and review the 24 hours curfew imposed on the state to a more favourable time to enable citizens go about their lawful business.