An American-based Nigerian Socio-Economic Development Practitioner, Dr. Owens Hercule, has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to start searching for a replacement for the Inspector General of Police, IGP, Mohammed Adamu, without further delay. He cautioned the President against extending the tenure of Adamu, who will clock 35 years in service early 2021. Mr. Owens made his opinion known In an official letter he addressed to President Buhari this week, a copy of which was made available to DAILY POST on Friday. The Texas-based Econometric and Social Psychologist also drew Buhari’s attention to the Nigeria Police Force (Establishment) Bill, 2020 (Harmonized), which he(Buhari) signed into Law. Owens pointed out that IGP Adamu, who will attain 35 years in service on February 1, 2020 and the age of 60 same year, “has done his best and Nigeria is immensely grateful.” President Buhari was reminded in the letter that “the Bill you have signed into Law does not allow for extension of service in my humble opinion.” The Econometric and Social Psychologist went on to explain that section 18 (8) states that every Police Officer “shall, on recruitment or appointment, serve in the Nigeria Police Force for a period of 35 years or until he attains the age of 60 years, whichever is earlier”, corroborates this position. According to Dr. Owens, due to recent developments in the country, it would not be out of place “if I advise that a replacement is sought, for the outgoing IGP?” He said that an IGP, who shall serve four years according to Clause 7(6) which states that, “The person appointed to the Office of the Inspector-General of Police shall hold Office for four (4) years subject to the provision of clause 18 (8).” Dr. Owens further advises President Buhari to appoint a younger IGP who has more than 4 years in service with cognate experience in line with the recently signed Police Act 2020. “An Officer who will be up to the task of rebuilding the NPF with appropriate timelines and deliverables while laying a solid foundation and framework for a brand-new policing service that is world class and earns us respect in the comity of nations,” he suggested. He said if this is done, it will undoubtedly bring about a well-motivated Nigerian Police Force that adheres to civil liberties, freedom, rule of law, protection of life and Properties. “A Nigeria Police Force that is accountable, transparent, fair, just, equitable, efficient, effective and concomitantly, nucleating enduring cooperation and partnership with host communities. This is the kind of Police we need Today,” he added. He further told the President to “kindly note that this development has gone beyond intimidation. These youths are resolute and very comprehensive in their demands.” “Sir, history beckons on you to, please, act creditably and timeously,” he submitted.