The Akwa Ibom State police command has said it has killed two armed robbers in a shootout at Ifuho village in Ikot Ekpene Local Government Area of the State. This was contained in a statement signed by the command’s Public Relations Officer, SP Odiko Macdon and made available to journalists in Uyo on Friday. According to the PPRO, the hoodlums while operating at the area, sighted a Police van, and opened fire at the operatives, which led to a gun duel. He added that some of the hoodlums escaped through a nearby bush with possible gun shot wounds while two were hit by bullets, noting that the two were confirmed dead when taken to the police clinic in Ikot Ekpene. The statement reads in parts, “Today, 8th October, 2020, at about 1230hrs, in response to a distress call, operatives of Ikot Ekpene Division, supervised by its DPO, SP Joshua Benjamin proceeded to Ifuho village in Ikot Ekpene Local Government Area, where some bandits were operating. On sighting the Police van, the hoodlums opened fire on the Operatives, leading to a gun duel. “While some of the hoodlums escaped through a nearby bush with possible gun shot wounds, two were hit by bullets. They were taken to Police Clinic, Ikot Ekpene where they were confirmed dead.” He said items recovered from the scene included: One locally made pistol, two live cartridges, one expended cartridge, one black Qlink motorcycle, GSM phones and some charms. He also said investigation revealed that, one of the hoodlums, identified with his alias as “Ebube” was one of the inmates who absconded after a jailbreak in Ikot Ekpene sometimes ago. He was fingered as the gang leader who had terrorized Ikot Ekpene, Essien Udim and environs. He further said, “In a follow-up operation, operatives of the same Division arrested one Felix Nsikak of the same Ikot Inyang in connection with the robbery incident, five phones were recovered from him. While investigation has commenced to determine the level of his culpability, efforts are ongoing to arrest other fleeing members of the gang.” Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, CP Andrew Amiengheme FDC, while thanking the people of Ikot Ekpene and all Akwa Ibomites for giving timely information to the police, reiterated the command’s readiness to rid the state of criminal elements.