The Federal Executive Council (FEC) on Wednesday approved some memos from ministries. They include Ministries of Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Aviation and Works. Minister of Information, Lai Mohammed, spoke to State House correspondents after the meeting. He confirmed the approval of a memo by FCT Minister, Mohammed Bello, for the final design of engineering infrastructure and production for Kabusa district phase three in FCT, Abuja. The 850 hectares of land will be a mixed-use of both private and government, residential and offices. The contract was approved for N183.7million to Messrs Techno Engineering and Consult Limited. Also approved was the memo by Aviation Minister, Hadi Sirika, for the rehabilitation of the airports screening machines at the cost of N654million. Mohammed said with the COVID-19 pandemic, a new protocol sanctioned by IATA and other Aviation authorities are being effected. “We need more points to screen passengers and their luggage. This is what has necessitated for the rehabilitation of those screening machines that have broken down”, he explained. On behalf of the Babatunde Fashola, Minister of Works and Housing, Mohammed reported the approval of his memo for completion of the rehabilitation of Abeokuta-Ibadan road – 72 kilometers. The memo sought augmentation by N788million to bring the project cost to N4.78billion, plus six months extension time for construction. “We hope that by 2021, this road will be completed. You need to note also that this was a contract that was awarded in 2010 but due to the paucity of funds and other constraints, we have to take it over.” Furthermore, the memo by Secretary to Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, for the purchase of 21 operational vehicles for the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) was approved. Messrs Pan Nigeria Ltd won the contract in total sum of N292.6million. “The purpose is to enhance the operational capability and capacity of the Corps. The unique thing about this memo is that these vehicles are being sourced from one of our local assemble plants, Peugeot Nigeria Ltd in Kaduna”, Mohammed said.