A group, South-South Legacy Group has claimed that the continued End SARS protest going on across Nigeria has been hijacked by some criminal elements for selfish interest. Coordinator of the group, Bassey Awa, disclosed this on Monday during a peaceful demonstration by the members around major streets in Uyo metropolis. Some of the inscriptions on their placards read “Good governance is a right and not a privilege” Our strength lies in our youths” “Nigeria is for all of us, let there be peace.” Addressing the protesters at the Millennium Park, Uyo Mr. Awa called on the youths to give the President Muhammadu Buhari enough time to implement the reforms he had started with the disbandment of SARS. He said that prolonged protests would cause further damage to the economy which had been weakened by the lockdown occasioned by the global pandemic “Mr. President has acted swiftly to the End SARS protests, directing the IGP that there must be reforms in the SARS. And one of the things Nigerians said was no to SARS. The IGP has ordered the immediate disbandment of SARS and that was carried out to the later. ” It’s no longer business as usual, Nigerians have succeeded and we want to thank the Nigerian youths for that great feat “But you see that people, armed robbers, kidnappers, Yahoo boys, ritualists and people who have used the subsidy to milk Nigeria dry for many years have congregated to sabotage the Nigeria democracy, in order to instill anarchy in the country. “And Nigerians in Akwa Ibom State have decided to come out in their numbers to say no to criminality. We are not unaware of the fact that we just came out of the lockdown caused by the global pandemic. If we continue to protest we will cause more harm to Nigeria.” Also speaking, one of the members of group, Imoh Akpan, explained that the reason for the peaceful protest is to tell protesting Nigerians that protest cannot continue forever because hoodlums have keyed into the protest, causing violence in parts of the country. He agreed that SARS has brutalised and traumatized many Nigerians adding that there is need for the EndSARS protests to come to an end and allow government to do the needful. “The high handedness of the Police has ended most Nigerians in fatalities. Others have been so brutalized, and have been so traumatised and psychologically dislocated. And just like human beings there is a time for everything, there is an extent to which you can push people. “And I think that time has come and Nigerians have moved in unison, spontaneously asking for an end to Police Brutality. And the metaphor for the Police Brutality in Nigeria is represented by SARS. “In a jiffy this movement is telling our colleagues that we cannot protest forever. Hoodlums, Saboteurs have keyed into the process. A lot of violence have been reported in Lagos, in Abuja , Benin, so long as you have a movement that is not properly coordinated and it is not allocated time it is going to go out of hand and we are saying Nigeria is ours.”