A former Nigerian international, Victor Moses could be on his way to Sparta Moscow after he was declared surplus to requirement at Chelsea football club. Despite playing alongside current boss, Frank Lampard, the Chelsea legend has come out to make it known to all sector of the club that
Victor Moses is not in his plans for the season. The Nigerian will have to look elsewhere especially as Willian and Pedro Rodriguez who were part of Antonio Conte’s title success at
Chelsea have moved on away from the Londoners. It was clear in the first place as he was even considered much or spoken about by Lampard during the pre-season get together. However, with the winger set to face the real situation at hand which could be said to be an ill-fated one, we evaluate the reasons
Moses (Victor) is struggling at the moment. Different Managerial Interest Moses may have been walking in a crossroad scenario in his career following his affiliation with two European heavyweights. But to be real on this note, none of them (Chelsea or Inter Milan) seems to be keen on having Moses for this term. While there is luring quest to stick around this two clubs side as much as their pedigrees will suggest, they’ve got no agenda moving
forward with the 2018 World Cup player. He was never a part of Frank Lampard’s program as the Chelsea midfield star has gone about his business with the necessary ammunition he’s needed ahead in the season. It wasn’t just Moses that finds himself in this case, as Michy Batshuayi has been shown the door. When Moses is trying to stick around the team for a possible chance may be in training session, Lampard was making it clear about the tools he wants to work with at Chelsea. But Lampard’s transfer dealings have made it known with Kai Havertz the focal point of his season transfer signings. Financial Breakdown The economic aspect may have also played a big role as to where players signature is upended across various section during the summer transfer dealings. While Antonio Conte has loved Moses pertaining to his role and contribution to his side certain factors was a limiting factor in
making his Inter stay happen. With the COVID-19 Pandemic halting football activities across Europe most clubs lost financial incentive. This could range from TV right, player advert or match tickets which the club couldn’t take advantage of as fans were even told not to come to the Stadium with the aim to curb the crises created by the disease. This could have played a role in Inter Milan backing out of the deal despite Conte’s genuine interest to keep the former Wigan Athletic
winger. They needed to balance the book so as to recover ground from the Coronavirus incident thus leading to the club and the Nigerian parting way along with his parent club Chelsea. International Retirement Since Moses retired from the National team his stocks have been going down, to say the least. Though his former Chelsea teammate, John Obi Mikel retired after the AFCON 2019 with Odion Ighalo, Moses quit the Eagles a year earlier after the World Cup in Russia, 2018. He’s lost the opportunity to play alongside promising Nigerian talents like Samuel Chukwueze, Samuel Kalu, Henry Onyekuru and Alex Iwobi and that could have constituted in lack of confidence and organization in his career. He has lost touch with continuity as well as disconnecting himself from the possible golden era of Nigeria football. He could be paying for it though as other players are making headlines and contributing during the International break for their respective countries.