At least, ten of the 1,993 inmates, who escaped from the Oko Correctional Centre on Airport Road, Benin and the Benin Correctional Centre on Sapele Road, have been re-arrested by the police. The Edo Commissioner of Police, Babatunde Kokumo, paraded the 126 suspected criminals, including the 10 escapees, arsonists and looters of COVID-19 palliatives at the state’s police headquarters in Government Reservation Area (GRA), Benin on Wednesday. The re-arrested male escapees are Emmanuel Udoh, Friday Etim, Victor Akpotor, Lucky Precious, Osarumen Enoragbon, Patrick Eguavoen, Abraham Matthew, Endurance Ifobuow, Mohammed Adamu and Henry Atadi. “We have commenced actions against the criminal elements. It will interest you to know that ten of the criminal elements who escaped from Oko Correctional Centre on Airport Road, Benin and the Correctional Centre on Sapele Road, Benin were also arrested. “One of them, after having escaped from Oko correctional centre, ran back to his village on the same day, to kill the person who stood as prosecution witness in the case that took him to the correctional centre. He has been arrested and he is among the suspects. “Another group of three escapees from the correctional centre in Benin also went ahead to snatch a Lexus Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV). Three of them met at the correctional centre and they were caught by the police. “A set of two escapees equally stole a Toyota Camry car. They also met at the correctional centre. They were arrested by Okada Division of Edo State Police Command. We have a total of ten escapees. “The guns were also recovered from the criminal elements. Anybody who is armed with weapon of destruction is no longer embarking on a peaceful protest. We want to assure the good people of Edo State that the police have the capacity to provide adequate security for their lives and property. For that reason, we are dominating the public space. “The stolen arms and ammunition regrettably will be unleashed on the members of the public. We are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that there is total safety. Edo residents should go about their lawful businesses without fear of being molested and without fear of criminals coming to wreck violent attacks,” Kokumo said.