Police in Anambra State have recovered an AK-47 riffle, suspected to have been stolen by hoodlums from a police division in the state, after hijacking the End SARS protest in the state. The State Commissioner of Police, Mr. John Abang, who briefed journalists at the state police command, also paraded 17 suspects who were arrested for engaging in arson and looting, during the recent Nationwide protest. Abang, in his briefing reeled out police facilities burnt during the protest and police officers killed during the protest. He said, “It is now common knowledge that hoodlums acting under the guise of “ENDSARS” protest attacked Police Stations in some parts of the State which resulted into loss of lives, looting and wanton destruction of properties. “The hoodlums set ablaze eleven (11) Police Stations; burnt over twenty (20) vehicles including patrol & exhibit vehicles and an Armoured Personnel Carrier (APC). “They also vandalized six (6) other Police Stations and carted away motorcycles kept as exhibits. The Police also lost some rifles during the attacks. “In the course of these heinous acts, the hoodlums murdered four (4) Police officers including the Divisional Police Officer (DPO), Osumenyi Division, CSP Akpan Joseph, ASP Agu Micheal, the Station Officer (SO), Osumenyi Division and a young PC Udegbunam Sunday Celestine leaving two (2) others injured. “In their state of callousness, the hoodlums also murdered and beheaded Insp John Oche attached to the Anti- Cult Unit and burnt his body to ashes parading the streets with the deceased policeman’s head. “In addition to attacking Police formations, other government and private facilities such as the Revenue House, Ocha Brigade office and private Trucks loaded with goods were attacked and valuable properties looted.” He said that suspects were arrested with several exhibits including one pump action, one Axe, three cutlass, one smoke grenade and some quantities of dry leaves suspected to be cannabis sativa. “One (1) AK47 Rifle stolen from Ogbunike Division has been recovered by operatives of the Command,” he said. Meanwhile, suspects arrested include: Matthew Vincent ‘m’ aged 29 years of Izza North LGA of Ebonyi State, Aguonu chinedu Victor ‘m’ aged 24 years of Otolo Nnewi, Ezenagwu Ekene ‘m’ aged 32 years of Awka South LGA, Chukwuebuka Obianefo ‘m’ aged 36 years of Ihiala LGA, and Okonkwo Stanley ‘m’ aged 37 years of Bende LGA of Abia State. Others are; Obumneme Omezuluike ‘m’ aged 30 years of Bende LGA of Abia State, Onyiuke Odinaka Izuchukwu ‘m’ aged 26 years of Njikoka LGA of Anambra State, Chukwuweike Enweozo ‘m’ aged 30 years of Onitsha North LGA, Chibuzo Otiaba ‘m’ aged 22 years of Njikoka LGA of Anambra State, Ebuka Nkwoego ‘m” aged 26 years of Ojenya Agbaja LGA of Ebonyi State, Emmanuel Okafor ‘m’ aged 21 years of Anambra East LGA, and Kelechi Onyekwere ‘m’ aged 34 years of Osisioma North LGA of Abia State. Also arrested are; Onyeka Egbemadu ‘m’ aged 23 years of Ihiala LGA of Anambra State, Samson Okoli ‘m’ aged 23 years of Ihiala LGA of Anambra State, Ugochukwu Nwagboso ‘m’ aged 38 years of Ihiala LGA of Anambra State, Nwankpa Ejike ‘m’ aged 26 years of Izza North LGA of Ebonyi State and Nwankpa Izuchukwu ‘m’ aged 20 years of Izza North LGA of Ebonyi State.