The Southern Kaduna Peoples Union, SOKAPU, has cried out against the continuous attacks on its people by suspected Fulani militias, resulting in the loss of several lives. The forum in a statement issued by its spokesman, Luka Binniyat, said that Adara natives of Kallah ward, Kajuru LGA of Kaduna State, Thursday, 29th October, 2020, witnessed another tragedy where Mr Kaduna Garba, 32, father of two children, who left the IDPs camp in Kallah town with his kinsman, Francis Bala, 38, and heading for their native Magunguna village to see the situation of things, among 18 other Adara communities were ambushed. The statement further explained that the two men were ambushed and attacked just before getting to the village by armed Fulani with daggers and machetes, saying that Kaduna Garba was instantly killed while Francis Bala escaped with fatal injuries. In the same vein, the statement said Irmiya Bitrus, 20, from Kwakwa village, in Atyap Chiefdom, Zangon Kataf local government area was also attacked by suspected Fulani militias who inflicted grievous injuries on him, saying that he is at a private hospital in Zoknwa receiving treatment. It added that his friend, Dachomo Alamba, 20, with whom they were attacked on the outskirt of Kwakwa village around 7:30pm on Monday, 26th October, 2020 by same armed Fulani men, died of his wounds on the spot after the assailants fled. The statement noted that armed Fulani men attacked two Gbagyi men riding on a bike on the Buruku-Damba-Kasaya road in Kunai ward, Chikun local government area where Mr. Ezra Nayaro, 45 and father of 7 children was gunned dead while the other passenger escaped into the bush. The statement expressed its concern on how some Southern communities are now fully occupied by armed Fulani militia some for over a year, stating that the Governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai is still in denial that such reprehensible truth doesn’t exist. SOKAPU said that there are proofs that the villages below are now captured and occupied by armed Fulani militia. In Kachia local government area, the statement gave the names of the communities as Chikwale, Idum, Muruchi, Kwasau Legede, Kafeyawa, Amale, Chikwale, Unguwan Pa, Gidan Sambo, Gidan Para, Unguwan Muruchi, Unguwan Dutse, Baware kasa, Gidan Duna, Sabon Gida Duna, Opase, Gidan Sunday, Gidan Yarima, Gidan Auta, Bakin Garma, Gidan Ladan, Maigari, Gidan Wakili, Pago, Oshowodo, Gidan Peter, Ungwan pah, Koron Kurmin iya, Ungwan Gwari KurminIya and Rishi. In Kajuru local government area, the statement gave the names of communities captured by suspected Fulanis as Kihoro-Libere, Bakin Kogi, Umiko,Magunguna, Idazo, Ungwan , Galadima, Ungwan Guza, Etiss, Ungwan Ma’aji, Ungwan Dantata, Ungwan Araha 1 & 2, Ungwan Goshi, Ungwan Shaban, Ungwan Jibo, Ungwan Maijama’a, Ungwan Sako, Ungwan Maidoki, Ungwan Masaba, Ungwan Makware, Edanu, Ungwan Mudi, Ungwan Rana, Ifele and Ungwan Gora. In Chikun local government area, the villages affected are Kunai Ward, Kudo (Dau), Sunusi Dnakwala, Galu, Aguyita, Galuko, Galiwyi, Atopi, Onkoru, Anguwan, Badole, Manini, Hayin Damisa, Anguwan Nyako, Badimi, Gnashi, Sarari , Giji, Dnapagbe, Badimi, Shelbula, Rafin yashi, Sabongida, Rafinyashi, Anguwan, Amos Manini, Hayin Dakachi Manini, Madalla, Abon and Kawuya. Others are Rumanan Gbagyi, Rumanan Hausa, Malamo, Labi, Hayin Kozo, Muya, Shuwaka, Polwaya, Kaguru, Kasko, Nasarawa Kaguru e Dabbara Kaguru. The statement explained that as at 30th October, 2020, at least 100 communities scattered in four local government areas of Southern Kaduna have been displaced and taken over by armed Fulani militia unchallenged by the state even after repeated publication of what the statement described as “the impunity” to the government. It said that there are at least 50,000 IDPs living in several camps in Southern Kaduna and with relations, saying that their villages are either too unsafe to return or have been taken over by Fulani militia. The union called on the International Community, human rights organizations, men and women of honor and conscience to help mount pressure on Kaduna State and the federal governments to restore these people back to their homes.