The Three Lions of England were 1-0 winners over Belgium as hostility ensued at the Wembley Stadium. It was an exemplary UEFA Nations League outing as both giants look promising in the all-important clash. However, penalty goals from former teammates Marcus Rashford and Romelu Lukaku ensures the first half finished 1-1 apiece. Nevertheless, the home side claimed the win later on in the second half thus recording back to back wins at home. Following the 2-1 victory over Belgium, DAILY POST evaluates the interesting match features and statistics from England victory. Full statistics Shots on target 3 (England) 2 (Belgium) Both sides played out their hearts against each other as quality ensued on the pitch. England showed their attacking strength as they had three shots on target in the match. Belgium managed only two shots here thus losing 2-1 to Gareth Southgate’s England side at Wembley. Shots Off Target 8 (England) (Belgium) 5 The two teams showed their desire to win the game in the course of the 90 minutes with both sides making several goal attempts. Due to England’s increased attacking forays down the Belgian area, they generated 8 shots off target in the process. The Belgian side could do the same with England but was 3 shots off target less than the Three Lions in the contest. Possession 48 (England) (Belgium) 52 England was dominated by the Belgian side who showed great wares in the middle of the park. However, Mason Mount was up to it with the brilliant winner which thus sealed the match for England at Wembley. England & Gareth Southgate could secure the win despite having less than half of the ball possession. They had 48% as compared to Belgium 52% of the ball in the tie. Corners 7 (England) (Belgium) 5 The UEFA nations league clash between both European giants ensured a frenetic context all through the game. It was evident as both teams sought to assert their influence on the pitch. Gareth Southgate’s men recorded 7 corners as compared to the 5 corner-kicks the visiting Belgian side could produce. Offside 2 (England) (Belgium) 5 Manchester United’s Marcus Rashford scored from the spot just like his former club-mate Lukaku. And this ensured that the Three Lions coordinated themselves in transition. The game saw a plethora of scoring chances created with both sides blowing some of them away in so much of the match enthusiasm. Yannick Carasco fired wide from close range as it summed up Belgium’s quest to get back into the game. The Belgians earned 8 goal kicks during the match as compared to England 4 goal-kicks in the entire contest.