In a bid to reduce the housing deficit in Nigeria, a leading real estate development firm, RealtyPros Investment Global limited has officially launched The KAT at Abijo, an ultra-modern community constituting of a choice of two -bedroom-luxury apartments and three-bedroom-luxury terraces. The Company’s Head of Operations, Mr. Okechukwu Okagbue at the Project launch stated that “ The KAT is designed as an ultra-modern and luxurious Lifestyle to guarantee the highest comfort and security to residents, it is strategically located in the heart of Abijo, easily accessible to the major LEKKI -Epe express road and surrounded by notable landmarks like Caleb British International School, Greenspring Schools, Lakowe Golf Course, Omu Resort making it convenient for parents to give their children the best education in the Nation’s top educational institutions as well as take out time to relax at the numerous leisure centers within the community. The KAT is well suited for Nigerians buying to live in, as well as investors looking to earn good rental returns annually”. In his address, the CEO of RealtyPros, Mr. Obinna Azinobi stated “RealtyPros remains committed to providing affordable housing to Nigerians and with The KAT, we are taking it one step further by introducing the very smart community in Lagos. We define smart as luxurious and heightened comfort using modern housing technology in every space. The Kat has been carefully designed to achieve both. From the moment you walk in through your front door you are guaranteed that feeling of arriving “Home”. He explained that Each apartment and Terrace will feature screed walls and POP ceiling, modern kitchens, and rooms fittings with the highest quality woodworks, smart lightings, and metering systems, up to 3.5KVa Solar power inverters, and more. The estate community will provide clean and continuous running water sources, 24 hours of constant electricity, a good drainage system to address both flood and wastewater management. Also providing relaxation arena for adults and playgrounds for kids” Engr Azonobi further described that RealtyPros aims to create an affordable and viable entry point for home buyers and investors into the property market through co-ownership schemes that pool investors together to collectively own size allotments of property. The co-ownership scheme allows investors to buy a share/percentage of the 2bedroom luxury apartment, or 3bedroom luxury Terrace, alongside other co-investors, either as an individual or as a group, to co-own the said property type. All investors are allotted tenancy in common that ensures all rental income generated from the co-owned property is equally shared amongst all investors according to their ownership rights which are fully transferable as inheritance or deed of transfer from the property sale. Finished apartments at The KAT currently sell at 17,000,000 Naira and finished Terraces for 27,000,000 Naira. Payment plans and mortgage options are available to buyers to allow the spread of payment for up to 24 months. Investors can subscribe to Katopp Apartments and Terraces by contacting Realtypros IGL on +234 814 3110 546 or visit www.thekat.com.ng