The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has urged Pakistan to assist Nigeria in the capacity building of her Defence Industry. According to a statement by the Special Adviser on Media to President of the Senate, Ola Awoniyi, Lawan made the appeal on Friday while receiving in audience a delegation of the Senate of Pakistan. The Senate President thanked Pakistan for its assistance in the area of training and supply of weapons to the Nigeria Armed Forces to fight insurgency and other security challenges. “But one area that I think we need to sustain collaboration and partnership is in the area of helping Nigeria to build our Defence Industry. “We started together in the 70s. For some reasons, we are still struggling to get stronger in the area of manufacturing or producing our needed defence weapons. “But you have gone higher. We need to learn a lot from you in that respect. “We have the Defence Industries Corporation of Nigeria located in Kaduna. They are still working hard to see how they can start producing the kind of weapons that we need in Nigeria. It’s going to take a while but I believe that you will graciously help us build the capacity of the people working in that place. “In all international fora, Pakistan and Nigeria have always been on the same side. Pakistan has been quite supportive of Nigeria in all ramifications. “Presently, we do a lot together for our security especially the Armed Forces. You also help us with some of the weapons that we need in fighting the insurgency. We appreciate that and we hope that this kind of relationship and brotherhood will continue,” Lawan said. DAILY POST reports that the Chairman of the Pakistani Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs, Senator Mushahid Hussain Sayed who led the delegation said the mission was basically to seek the support of Nigeria’s Senate for the candidacy of the Chairman of the Pakistani Senate, for the presidency of IPU. “The election is scheduled to be held in the first week of November. We feel that Nigeria’s support will be very critical and because Nigeria is a very important player in the international scenes and in particular with reference to Africa. “It is in that spirit that we have come personally to solicit your support. And we hope that God willing if we are successful, we will be a voice, not just for Asia/Pacific, but the voice of Africa and democratic and civilised committee of nation’s,” Sayed said.