A chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Segun Showunmi, has expressed disappointment over the running the affairs of Ogun State by Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State. Showunmi, in a statement, said Ogun people have never had it so bad; calling on the late sage, Chief Obafemi Awolowo, to inspire Abiodun from the great beyond. Showunmi’s statement was coming as a reaction to Governor Abiodun’s alleged absence from office and his “reappearance with a different look.” DAILY POST recalls that the PDP in Ogun State recently accused Gov Abiodun of absenteeism, alleging that he was out of the office for almost three weeks. It was observed that the governor reappeared again on Sunday, September 27, to attend the Independence anniversary church service at the Cathedral of Saint Peter, Ake, Abeokuta, wearing his face mask. On Thursday, the Governor was at the Arcade Ground in Okemosan to celebrate Nigeria’s 60 Independence anniversary. But, Showunmi expressed worries that while other Governors were busy reinventing the future, “our man only appears to be spending an obscene amount of time on his looks and dressing with ever matching colours.” According to him, it was annoying that Abiodun was nowhere to be found at his duty post for weeks on end, saying his whereabouts were discussed in hush tones. “At the height of it, he was rumoured to have fallen ill and needed urgent medical attention outside the country,” the Spokesman of Atiku Abubakar 2019 Presidential Campaign stated. Showunmi added that after Abiodun finally showed up, “it was evident that the psychedelic governor had taken time from his duty post to grow a white beard and carve same in the style of a not so busy layabout. “I wondered: so, in the face of all that needs attention in our dear state, all our man can see to busy himself with is his looks! Really? “Ogun has not paid minimum wage; leave-bonuses of workers are outstanding; there is a shortfall in federal allocation as a result of the present reality, and all the governor worries about is white beards? DAILY POST reports that the Special Adviser to Gov Abiodun on Public Communications, Remmy Hazzan, had earlier denied that the Governor was away for three weeks.