Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The National Examination Council (NECO) has announced the reschedule of Paper I Computer Studies Practicals which was to take place on Monday 19 October 2020 to November 16 2020. Head, Information and Public Relations Division, NECO, Azeez Sani, said the paper was rescheduled because of the End SARS protests that blocked the free movement of transport at the entrance gate into Benin City, the Edo state capital. 2. The Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, has confirmed that training for the newly-created Special Weapon and Tactics Team (SWAT), will begin on Monday. Adamu, on Sunday, also listed the qualifications of officers to be trained in the new police tactical team to replace the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). 3. Some Nigerians protesting police brutality in their home country were arrested in Cairo, Egypt on Sunday. In a video that surfaced online, the Nigerians were seen chanting solidarity songs while the policemen attempted to disperse them at the Nigerian Embassy, the protesters continuously chanted #EndSARS, which led to their arrest. 4. The Nigerian Army on Sunday assured that its Operation Crocodile Smile drill was not targeting anti-SARS protesters. Spokesman of the Nigerian Army, Musa Sagir, said contrary to insinuations, the operation was not aimed at stifling the ongoing nationwide protest. 5. Gani Adams, the Aare Ona Kakanfo of Yorubaland, has written President Muhammadu Buhari, warning against the use of military force against protesters across the country. In a letter to President Buhari on Sunday, Adams said instead of deploying soldiers against peaceful protesters, the President should listen to the people to not only reform, but transform the police. 6. Muslim Rights Concern, MURIC, has reminded participants in the ongoing #EndSARS protests that some operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, have contributed immensely to the war against criminality over the years. MURIC said that closer attention should also be paid to other police departments if the excesses of the police is going to be curbed. 7. The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, on Sunday assured Nigerians that the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, unit of the Nigeria Police Force, NPF, has ended. Lawan made the remark while disclosing that Buhari ordered the dissolution of SARS and not the Inspector General of Police, IGP, Mohammed Adamu as widely believed in sine quarters. 8. Human rights lawyer, Femi Falana, has warned President Muhammadu Buhari not to use the Military against #EndSARS protesters. He also said the Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Tukur Buratai, risks facing the International Criminal Court (ICC) if any of the protesters is killed. 9. Governor Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa State has noted that personnel of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, were trained to confront some situations the ordinary policemen cannot face. The Governor lamented the disbandment of the police unit, saying it should have been reformed instead. 10. Former Niger Delta militant leader, Alhaji Asari Dokubo has called on people of the region to shun the protests against police brutality and scrapping of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad, SARS, and focus on the reinvention of the Sovereign State of Biafra. In a Facebook post on Sunday, Asari addressed people of Niger Delta participating in the nationwide protests which he said is a waste of time.