Angry mobs in Minna, Capital of Niger State have lynched a tricycle rider for allegedly stealing a motorcycle in Tunga area of the town. It was gathered that the victim simply identified as Bashir stole at Tunga area of the town where he went to drop a passenger. Eyewitness accounts told DAILY POST that after stealing the motorbike, irate motorcycle riders chased the deceased from Tunga to his house in Dusten Kura Gwari, a suburb of the town. He was said to have been killed in front of his house without given an opportunity to make any explanation. However, one of his neighbours, identified as Abubakar denied the allegation, he told our reporter that the deceased could not have stolen any motorcycle. He claimed that Bashir was murdered in cold blood without committing the offence, he was accused of by his killers. “We did not see any motorcycle in his tricycle nor was he allowed to explain himself before his pursuers lynched him to death. Bashir left the house as he usually does every day to search for his daily bread when this happened to him. It’s so sad and disheartening. ” Idris Umar, another neighbour stated, “everyone in the area knows Bashir as a good boy and he is always going on his own. I have never known him with any record of bad character.” Umar noted that it is sad that he was not allowed to give his side of the story before he was murdered. “We do not really know what happened. We only heard from those who killed him that he stole a motorcycle but we didn’t see the motorcycle he stole.” Confirming the development, the state Police Public Relations Officer, ASP. Wasiu Abiodun said a distress call was received of mob action against an unknown person. ” =the Police patrol team was mobilized to the scene at Dutsen-Kura gwari area of Minna, on sighting the patrol vehicle, the mob took to their heels and abandoned the victim.” He explained that the deceased was immediately rushed to General Hospital Minna where he was confirmed dead. “Preliminary investigation revealed that the deceased was accused of theft of a motorcycle. Meanwhile, further investigation into the incident is ongoing with a view to arresting the perpetrators.” The command then warned members of the public to desist from any act of jungle justice as the Command will not condone self-help approaches to justice.