The eighteen-man committee set up by Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, on Monday waded into the lingering clashes between farmers and herders from Abakaliki Local Government Area of the state. The committee summoned all the farmers and herders in the area with a view to putting to an end all differences and crisis are militating against the reign of peace in the state. Recall that the Local Government Advisory Committee was established in 2015 by Ebonyi State House of Assembly, Law 004 and charged with the responsibility of advising the Governor on the General Affairs of the Local Government Areas. It was gathered that the committee is also an appendage of the Ministry of Border Peace and Conflict Resolution for the resolution of disputes in the state or any other responsibility as may be assigned to the Committee by the Governor including the settlement of herders/farmers impasse in all the thirteen LGAs. DAILY POST learnt that the 18-member committee was drawn from the thirteen LGAs of the state including Abakaliki LGA, where the meeting of the farmers and herders took place. Speaking to Journalists shortly after the farmers, herders meeting at Nkaliki, Headquarters of Abakaliki LGA, the Chairman of the Committee, Chief Chukwu Hycianth Nwode, called on the herders to restrain their cows from destroying crops belonging to farmers and for farmers, to avoid killing cows belonging to herders. Nwode, who added that the governor would not fold his arms and allow anybody to destabilize the existing peace in the state, warned both parties to restrain from killing anybody for any reason as peace remains paramount to the development of the state. “Our job is very simple. The Governor of the state is not only a governor but a man who God has given to Nigeria to make peace. We will give out our numbers so you can call. Don’t kill any cow, don’t kill anybody, and don’t destroy any crops. Let us live in peace and harmony.” In his remarks, the Secretary of the Committee, Barr. Ikeuwa Omebeh, explained that Nigeria remains an indivisible entity and so, Nigerians everywhere should be allowed to coexist and live in peace. He charged the LGA to constitute similar farmers/herders committee at both community and ward levels in order to forestall any form of dispute between both parties. “Ebonyi is the most accommodating state in the country. I want to use this opportunity to thank the Governor for the proactive measures taken so far. Peace engenders development. Ebonyi State governor is the best in development in the south east. Representatives of various groups including Miyetti Allah, CAN, traditional Rulers, Town Union who spoke during the occasion, stressed on the need for peace to reign in Ebonyi State.