President Muhammadu Buhari has been given two weeks to withdraw the nomination of his aide, Lauretta Onochie, as a Commissioner of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, or be prepared to defend it in court. A senior lawyer and 2023 presidential hope, Olusegun Bamgbose, described the nomination as really unfortunate, adding that some so-called leaders had lost touch with the ideals of democracy and good governance. President Buhari had recently submitted to the upper legislative chamber, a list of 3 nominees with Onochie as one of the Commissioners. “It’s most unfortunate that our leaders, who took oath to defend our Constitution, are now desecrating it. “The Constitution is unambiguous as to the calibre of people to be nominated as INEC Commissioner,” the New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP chieftain said in a chat with DAILY POST on Saturday. “The person must be non-partisan, meaning he or she should not be a card carrying member of any political party in Nigeria. “Onochie is a card carrying member of APC. It’s pathetic and very disheartening, that some APC members alleged that PDP members also are working with INEC, does two wrongs make a right? Does that now legalize their illegality? “This is no doubt a porous and watery defence. Her nomination is a misnomer. It’s an abuse of the Supreme law of the land. “President Buhari should stop insulting the sensibilities of Nigerians. We are giving him two weeks to withdraw her nomination, or we shall have no option than to head for the court, to declare illegal the nomination of Lauretta Onochie as INEC electoral commissioner. “This nomination can’t stand. We will equally urge the Upper Chambers to outrightly reject her nomination, if not, the Court will be next option. This outright illegality won’t be allowed to go unchallenged. “Onochie is well known to be a strong APC member. She is constitutionally not qualified to be nominated in the first instance. We urge Buhari to respect the views of majority of Nigerians and withdraw her nomination,” he added.