Adamawa State Governor, Ahmadu Fintiri, has signed an executive order mandating a house-to-house search for properties by hoodlums. The governor signed the order on Wednesday just as an agricultural inputs supply and leasing group, North East Commodity Association (NECAS) told the media that it lost tractors and other items to the tune of nearly N3 billion.
In a statement released Wednesday by Governor Fintiri’s Press Secretary, Humwashi Wonosikou, the state government said the house-to-house search order, to be cited as ‘Order No. 2 of 2020 on the Recovery of Public Property Looted in Adamawa State by Hoodlums and Thugs,’ comes into effect at 3:00pm Wednesday 28th. The government called on the general public with information regarding looted items to volunteer such information that could help security agencies in their recovery efforts. Amidst such efforts, the National chairman of NECAS, Alhaji Sadiq Daware, confirmed an earlier story that 110 tractors were looted from the group’s warehouse and mechanisation centre.
Daware, during a session with journalists in Yola on Wednesday, said fertilizers, herbicides, water pumps and other items were made away from NECAS’ warehouse while 110 tractors were rolled out of the group’s mechanisation centre. “On Sunday, we were informed that hoodlums invaded our warehouses, carting away our farm inputs: fertilizers, herbicides, water pumps and the rest of things meant for farmers. The next day, Monday, we also received information that hoodlums had invaded our mechanisation centre where we kept 110 brand new tractors for mechanisation services to Adamawa State,” Daware said. He explained that the 110 tractors were Adamawa’s share of a total of 600 tractors acquired earlier for mechanisation services in the six states of the North East. According to him, the value of the tractors and other items stolen from the organisation by the #EndSARS looters would come to almost N3 billion, as some of the tractors for example cost as much as N16 million each. The Adamawa State Police Command has however recovered at least 35 of the looted tractors, according to the state Commissioner of Police, Olugbenga Adeyanju who paraded suspects and recovered loot to newsmen earlier on Wednesday.