The Oyo State Police Command, on Tuesday, confirmed the killing of two of its personnel. The command also declared two others missing. DAILY POST learnt that the police confirmed the killing of the two officers and declared the two officers missing after some protesters clashed with some cops at Ojoo Police station in Ibadan, the state capital. Our correspondent had earlier reported that no fewer than three people lost their lives when the protesters clashed with the policemen. The police had, however, said that it has lost two officers and has also declared two officers missing. The Public Relations Officer of the state police command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi, in a statement made available to DAILY POST in Ibadan, added that the police station was also set ablaze. Fadeyi, on behalf of state the Commissioner of Police, Mr. Joe Enwonwu, urged parents to warn their children against causing violence in the state. He said, “The Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Command, CP Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu psc, was miffed on the dastardly act of disgruntled/hardened criminals who have hijacked the EndSARS protests to unleash mayhem on Police personnel at Ojoo Divisional Police Headquarters, Ojoo Ibadan today at about 1300hrs, set the station ablaze and burnt it down while two (2) Policemen were killed and two (2) others still missing. “The Commissioner of Police wishes to state that the burning of the Police Station was premeditated as Police personnel did not have any interference with the protesters nor were they disturbed in any way. He stated further that some of the protesters have ulterior motives and capitalize on the opportunity of protests to carry out their evil intentions leading to sordid activities of bandits/hardened criminals carrying out coordinated attacks on law abiding Police officers/innocent citizens and sending them to their early graves. “Furthermore, the CP wishes to inform the good people of Oyo State and the general public that due to the attacks, some of the Police AK 47 rifles were still missing and as a result of this, he implore the people to be vigilant and report any individual or group who are not Police officers/military personnel but seen with such rifles to immediately report to the nearest Police Station. “Meanwhile, the CP further wishes to implore the people to be law abiding to avoid the full wrath of the law from catching up with them. “He equally calls on parents/guardians to warn their children/wards of the impending danger of going to the road. The CP, therefore, want to authoritatively confirm that effort is on to restore the situation to normal as the Nigerian Army (Operation Burst) are complementing Police effort especially the Police Mobile Force (PMF) to prevent further attacks”.