The Kwara State Government, on Friday, strongly condemned attacks on the Ilorin cargo terminal, Agro Mall and the customs house in Ilorin, by hoodlums and residents of the state capital. The government said “It is seriously disturbed by the greed of the people involved.” DAILY POST reports that following the invasion of the cargo terminal stores, housing palliatives donated by the Federal Government to the state for victims of the flood and rainstorm disasters in the state, two other attacks were reported at the agro mall on Zango-Kulende road and customs house along Yidi road in the state capital. Bags of food stuffs including rice, beans, vegetables and building materials such as roofing sheets, paint containers and nails among others, were carted away from the agro mall. The invaders had a field day as people trooped to the mall to have their share of the loot, that were conveyed on their heads, motorcycles or tricycles. The cargo terminal stores is the facility where donations by CACOVID are kept, while the Agro Mall houses the recent food palliatives donated by the Federal government and meant for eight local governments affected by the recent flood and rainstorm disasters in the state. The affected local governments were; Ilorin West, Ilorin East, Ilorin South, Asa, Edu, Patigi, Moro, and Ifelodun. Of the eight councils, the palliatives for Ilorin South, East, Asa, and West had been distributed, while the carted away palliatives were meant for Edu, Patigi, Moro and Ifelodun. There were attacks also on the customs house and some private firms, described by the state government as ” A case of pure hooliganism and greed which have no place in human civilization.” Reacting, the state Commissioner for Communications, Harriet Afolabi Oshatimehin, condemned the development, saying “Those already arrested would face the full weight of the law.” She said the government would not tolerate anyone hiding under any guise to disrupt the peaceful atmosphere in the state. Oshatimehin, who had earlier hinted that there were plans by some anarchists to attack public facilities in Ilorin, commended security agencies for acting with restraint in the face of provocation by the hoodlums.