Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. The Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) on Thursday said no fewer than 21 persons lost their lives in an auto crash on the old Enugu – Okigwe road. The FRSC Sector Commander in Enugu State, Mr Ogbonnaya Kalu, who confirmed the accident and the number of deaths at the incident to newsmen in Enugu, said the accident involved a low-bed articulated vehicle and a fully-loaded 608 Mercedes Benz bus conveying school children and their teachers. 2. Former Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Sani Usman, on Thursday, claimed that Military personnel who shot protesters at Lekki toll gate used ‘blank ammunition. Usman said the blank ammunition used to disperse protesters has little or no effect on its target. 3. Governor Ahmadu Fintiri has relaxed the 24-hour curfew which he imposed on Adamawa State this past Sunday. He has directed that people and vehicles be allowed to move around between 8am and 6pm, but checkpoints would remain in strategic places to stop vandals from moving their loot out of the State. 4. Hoodlums in Ebonyi State have murdered a Police Inspector, Egu Omini. The attackers also cut of his manhood and snatched his AK-47 rifle. They committed the act after attacking a police station in Abakaliki, the Enonyi State capital. 5. The Benue Police Command on Thursday said unknown gunmen killed a police officer and a motorcyclist in Ado Local Government Area of the state. The State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Catherine Anene, told newsmen in Makurdi that the officers were ambushed by bandits during their routine patrol. 6. Seven persons have died while eleven others sustained injuries in a motor accident at Diggare Village in Kaugama local Government area of Jigawa State. The incident which involved a Toyota Hummer bus with Reg No ENU684EY, driven by one Aliyu Umar, from Kafin Hausa Local Government Area, occurred on Thursday morning. 7. Former Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Sani Usman on Thursday claimed that Military personnel who shot protesters at Lekki toll gate used ‘blank ammunition. Usman in an interview with Arise News said the blank ammunition used to disperse protesters has little or no effect on its target. 8. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) has blamed the Federal Government for frustrating efforts to resolve issues that resulted in the ongoing strike embarked upon by the lecturers. ASUU National President, Prof Biodun Ogunyemi, claimed that the Federal Government has refused to take the necessary steps in addressing the strike action. 9. A petrol tanker was on Thursday gutted by fire in the Lacasera area of Mile 2, Lagos State. Some vehicles around the premises, about 5 in total were also reportedly razed by the inferno. The spokesperson for the state Fire Service, Jamiu Dosunmu, said the fire had been extinguished, adding that no death was recorded. 10. The Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN) says the power sector has recorded an all-time national peak of 5,459.50 megawatts for over 200 million people. On Thursday, Ndidi Mbah, TCN General Manager, Public Affairs, said the new record was achieved on October 28.