The United States, United Kingdom and others have been urged to repatriate all stolen funds stashed in their countries by Nigerians. Convener of the Coalition for Good Governance and Justice, Emmanuel Umohinyang, made the call in a Nigeria at 60 interview with DAILY POST in Lagos. Reacting to the visa ban slammed on politicians by U.S. and U.K., the social commentator demanded further actions. He stated that sending back loot was necessary, insisting that blocking individuals from entry was not enough. Umohinyang said it is good, “that our friends in the West are here to help us through our democracy, but it is hypocritical for them to continue to create an impression that election rigging is the only problem.” The analyst demanded answers on why developed nations are “housing looted funds. They should also place ban on those who steal our common patrimony and own assets in their country. I expect the US government, who is in custody of our billions of dollars stolen by politicians, to release these monies.” He stressed that it was pious for America and others “to continue to throw this at us when the real thing is with them. They should place visa ban on anyone that steals from Nigeria. Such persons should be dealt with too. You should go beyond election rigging and tell politicians that the era where you steal and go free is over.” Election is an internal politics of a country, Umohinyang said, adding that, “it is okay to use an instrument of ban. They have the right to issue visas, but we are saying they must go beyond ban. There are billions of dollars in these countries, they are making interest from it, their influence is being drawn from it.” He decried that the custodians “choose to return loot at their convenience. They did so with conditions as if you are giving us loans. We must tell these countries that we appreciate the visa ban on riggers, but we will be more comfortable for them to also place ban on those who have stolen Nigeria’s money. That’s the way to go.”