The Osun Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, (NSCDC), has reacted to the death of an operative of the Department of State Services (DSS), identified as Seyi Adebowale, who was allegedly shot dead by their officer, Sunday Dada. The unfortunate incident, according to a reliable source, happened at Kuta, in Ayedire Local Government Area of the state, during a function at the palace of Olowu Kuta, the traditional ruler of the town on Tuesday, September 15. In a footage obtained by DAILY POST, the NSCDC officer, Dada lost control of his ammunition; the bullet smashed hard on the ground before it hit the DSS officer, Adebowale, who was passing by. Adebowale, who was hit by bullet in the stomach was rushed to LAUTECH Teaching hospital in Osogbo where he later died about 7:30 am on Monday, September 30 after two surgeries. A statement sent to DAILY POST on Monday by the acting spokesperson of the NSCDC in Osun, Adigun Daniel, described the incident as unintentional and unfortunate. In the release, Adigun expressed condolences to the officers and men of the DSS in Osun State and the deceased family. He said that the NSCDC has ordered full investigations into the incident which would lead to the implementation of appropriate sanctions, as the Corps’ rules for the deployment and handling of arms are clear. The corps spokesman disclosed that the DSS personnel was unintentionally shot by a Civil Defence officer in Kuta on 15th September. “The DSS officer was immediately rushed to the Ladoke Akintola University Teaching Hospital for treatment. Sadly and unfortunately, he eventually died. “The State Commandant as well as officers and men of the Osun State Command, NSCDC, are saddened by this incident and have expressed condolences to the officers and men of the DSS in Osun State. “While the shooting was not deliberate, the leadership of NSCDC has ordered full investigations into the incident which would lead to the implementation of appropriate sanctions, as the Corps’ rules for the deployment and handling of arms are clear. “At this time our hearts are with the family of the deceased DSS officer. We pray God to grant them the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss, as we also pray God to grant the departed soul peaceful repose,” he stressed.