The Nigerian Navy says it has arrested 41 people for partaking in various criminal acts, including looting and attacks on innocent citizens in Lagos State, during the End SARS protests. Cdr. Ibrahim Shettima, the Commander, BEECROFT, made this known to newsmen on Friday in Lagos. Shettima was represented by Commander Andy Zidon, the Base Operations and Acting Executive Officer of NNS BEECROFT. He said the recovered items included: vehicles, household appliances, industrial equipment, foodstuff, clothes, jewellery and bicycles. “In the course of the operation, 41 individuals were arrested for partaking in various criminal acts, including looting and attacks on innocent citizens of Lagos State. “They have been handed over to the Nigerian Police today (Friday). Furthermore, a large number of looted items were recovered at various locations across our Area of Operations and evacuated to the Base. “These items include vehicles, household appliances, industrial equipment, foodstuff, clothes, jewellery, bicycles estimated at over 100 million Naira,” he said. The commander said that NNS BEECROFT was working with the Lagos State Government to hand over the items to the rightful owners. “In fact, a large truck and Mini-Bus were also discovered loaded with looted items about to be taken out of state,” he said. Shettima said that during the unrest period, the Base conducted not less than 200 active patrols and responded to not less than 50 distress calls from citizens and organisations. “Around Oct.19, Lagos State plunged into civil unrest characterised by riots, looting and reported widespread criminal activities by hoodlums and miscreants. “The NN responded to the crisis in an effective and timely manner to help ensure the return of normalcy within its Area of Operations. “This operation was conducted under the Lagos State Security architecture code-named OP MESA, which designates Apapa, Orile, Ijora, Costain, Surulere, Mile 12, Amukoko etc. as the AOR for the NN,” the commander said.