Members of the Revolution Now on Thursday protested against what they termed bad governance in Calabar, Cross River State capital. The protesters, who moved round the metropolis on Thursday, carried placards with various inscriptions and lamented bad governance. Some of the placards carried by the protesters reads “reverse the hike,” “end the killings,” “end corruption” amongst others. They marched through large residential areas from the Ikot Ishie market via the Murtala Muhammed highway to Essien town, terminating near the State Command of the Nigeria Police. The protesters, who initially dared law enforcement officials to protest against what its claimed anti-people policies of Government as the country celebrated its 60th independence anniversary, regretted the hardship experienced by the people. Marching under the auspices of the Revolution Now movement convened by SaharaReporters founder, Omoyele Sowore, took turns to sensitise the public on the need to ask public office holders more questions to ensure accountability. They chanted songs calling for an end to what they said were a reign of impunity and insensitivity especially with the recent hike in electricity tariff and pump price of premium motor spirit, popularly known as as fuel. At the Ikot Ishie market, officials of the Nigeria Police and the Nigerian Security Defense Corps had pinned down next to the other and threatened to halt the protest as a permit was not issued. Speaking with DAILY POST shortly after the protest on Thursday, the Co-coordinator, Jonathan Abang-Ugbal Revolution Now Cross River State, said, “At 60, there is next to nothing to celebrate about Nigeria. I listened to Mr. President’s broadcast at 7:00AM where he was trying to justify the hike in the pump price of petrol, comparing Nigeria with Saudi Arabia. Funny thing is, he did not say that the minimum wage there is ten times higher than what we have in Nigeria. “These are the kinds of things you see, all propaganda from the Government, it is frustrating. They are talking about electricity tariff. We are paying for darkness in Nigeria. The Federal Government was talking about 10 hours of electricity when I don’t get even up to 10 minutes in Calabar South! “The problem is, many are afraid to speak up because the public officials have succeeded in making us believe our rights are privileges. I repeat, there is nothing to celebrate about Nigeria at 60, is it the killings in southern Kaduna? Is it the monumental corruption in MDAs? “Is it nepotism and neo-patrimonialism? Is it high unemployment rates? Is it high rate of poverty? Or is it the fact that by 2023? Mr. Buhari would have ruled Nigeria with an iron hand for 10 out of 63 years yet, blames others for his own mistakes, indeed he is unaware and what a tale of woe,” he stated.