The National Security Adviser (NSA) to the President, retired Maj.-Gen. Babagana Monguno has said President Muhammadu Buhari will announce a critical solution to the End SARS protest in a couple of hours. Monguno, who made this known at the end of the fourth National Security Council meeting, presided by the president in Abuja on Thursday said Buhari also directed all security agencies to always operate within the confine of legitimacy and legality. He said the president also urged the security agencies to always avoid anything that would aggravate the nation’s security challenges. He also said the president would soon come up with certain solutions to address the security challenges in the country, saying the president directed that government would also do all it could to arrive at an agreeable resolution to the crisis. According to him, the president also called on all aggrieved persons to come to the negotiation table with a view to finding solutions to the problems. “This situation, we all know is a very very grave situation, giving a lot of concern to everyone most especially Mr President. “Mr President has directed that the government should do whatever is necessary in order to bring about an agreeable resolution to this crisis. “So far, the government has been able to concede to the demands of the protesters. The initial demands have been considered and it appears now that the riots are taking a different and unwanted dimension. “Mr President is very concerned about this development and does not want a situation in which everything breaks down and results in anarchy, in lawlessness and people taking the law into their own hands. “For one thing, if the government can begin to make concessions, then it’s also logical for the protesters, those that are aggrieved also to take a step back, take stock of their activities and come to a meeting point with government and its agencies. “It is not Mr President’s desire to see any unwanted loss of lives and he is determined to ensure that things do not cascade into an unpleasant situation. “Therefore, he has directed all the security agencies to operate within the confine of legitimacy, within the confine of legality, not to do anything that will aggravate this situation. “The president, himself, had just left his office and he is also going to deal with this issue in a separate manner apart from what had just taken place in Council. “I believe in the next couple of hours Mr President would come up with a certain solution that will be agreeable to the entire federation,’’ he said. According to him, the president also called on all aggrieved persons to come to the negotiation table with a view to finding solutions to the problems. “The security agencies have been asked to apply as much restraint as possible. But then again, the youths should also understand that pushing their luck might also result in unwanted issues. “So, it is very very important for everyone to take stock of what has already happened and not give a dark impression of this country to the international community,” he added. On the reported attack on protesters at Lekki Toll Gate, the NSA said: “The government is looking into the incident that happened about 48 hours ago. “You know, we can’t deal or act on conjectures, oppositions and so on and so forth. We need to verify things first. “But the government is not oblivious of the fact that certain things had happened and there is also a possibility that actual facts could be distorted by either party. “So, the government is going to look at that before coming up with something. But definitely, the government is not treating this issue lightly.”NAN quoted him as saying.