As Nigeria trade tackles with Algeria, it promises to be an interesting feat as both heavyweights come face-to-face with each
other. Both sides met in the AFCON 2019 semi-final in Egypt with Algeria clinching a 2-1 win to earn a berth in the final. It’s over a year now both giants of African football met and a lot will be expected from both teams. With the matches set to take place this weekend (Friday) amid certain squad concerns, we evaluate the (3) three things to expect from the match. Increased Measure of Rivalry Both sides will be up against each other as battle looms on the pitch. Algeria defeated the Super Eagles 2-1 and would also aim to assert their superiority when both sides meet in Austria. The Nigerian side would have plans of their own as they look forward to the clash with quality invitees in the likes of Moses Simon and Samuel Kalu. The match will constitute some form of a rivalry as both teams seek each other scalp at the end of 90 minutes. Irrespective of the friendly nature of the tie, both sides would give their best as the game is expected to depict the strength of the two when both teams grace the pitch for the much-awaited encounter. Possible International Debut Both sides have made sure they invite new players ahead of the fixture. Nigeria would be unleashing some of its new exploits for the first time on the International scene. And Algeria would do the same when they face Nigeria and that is why the match is full of expectations as the debutants are expected to show the stuff they are made of in the course of the 90 minutes. The likes of Cyriel Dessers and co are expected to make the international bow for Nigeria unlike the likes of Tammy Abraham (Chelsea) and Bukayo Saka (Arsenal) who have chosen to play for England ahead of the country of their parents, Nigeria. Top Quality (class) Players Both sides (Algeria & Nigeria) have got some of the best players on the African continents. They parade top-class players as we see in European league week-in week-out. Star players like Saido Benhrama and Sofiarie Feghouli would be expected to feature amid injury concerns for Algeria. On the Nigerians side, the talent of Samuel Chukwueze and Alex Iwobi is expected to be on show as both stars would create a keen interest to look forward to a memorable match between the two sides.