The Niger State Police Command has arrested 17 persons for allegedly planning to incite youths into unwarranted protest in the state. The State Commissioner of Police, CP Adamu Usman, in a press statement made available to DAILY POST in Minna, said the 17 suspects arrested hiding under the umbrella of End SARS protest in the country planned to lead protest in the state. The Commissioner noted that interestingly, following investigation, most of those arrested were not from Niger State. He, however, commended the youths of the State for displaying high level of responsibility, calmness, perseverance and restraint in the face of threats. He said, ” I, hereby commend the youths of Niger State for displaying high level of responsibility, calmness, perseverance and restraint in the face of threats and calls from different quarters with deliberate falsehood and misinformation through the social media in the face of unwarranted provocation from other divisive elements, hiding under the umbrella of End SARS protest in the country.” The CP also commended and appreciates the Niger State Government, traditional institutions, communities and religious leaders, youth leaders and members of the press for their support and cooperation with the police and other security agencies in the State. He stated, “It is very unfortunate that other interests have hijacked these protests and are compounding our collective security in the nation.’ While pledging the commands’ commitment to providing security to the people, he urged parents and guardians to prevail on their children and wards to shun any act of lawlessness in the state. “Members of the public, most especially parents/guardian and all relevant critical stakeholders at various levels are enjoined to continue to prevail on their wards and subjects to remain peaceful and shun any act of lawlessness as the command is prepared to provide adequate security and peaceful coexistence in the State.” The state Police boss further explained that after investigation, the 17 persons will be charged to court for prosecution.