A group of Fulani elders, under the aegis of Concerned Fulbe Forum, has criticized Bello Bodejo, leader of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore for accusing Bola Tinubu, National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, of sponsoring the End SARS protest. The elders questioned the state of mind and leadership credential of Bodejo in aspiring to lead Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore. They wondered why Tinubu whose properties have been destroyed in Lagos State would allegedly sponsor the people to destroy his assets. In a statement signed by its Chairman, Abubakar Ardido Suleimanu, and Secretary-General, Junaidu Gidado Hamza, the Fulbe Forum said: “We read with awe and great disappointment a statement credited to Bello Bodejo, the self-styled leader of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore (a handbag Fulani association), who alleged that the National Leader of APC Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu is sponsoring the ongoing protests in some parts of Nigeria tagged #EndSARS. “We are pained and constrained to respond noting the monumental losses Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has been subjected to by miscreants protesting at present. His person, family and businesses were not spared. “Only on Wednesday afternoon, his business organizations were torched by the protesters. How could someone in his right senses accuse a victim of the protests of sponsoring the same protest? Could he sponsor miscreants to destroy his personal properties? Surely, Bello Bodejo urgently needs a psychiatrist evaluation!” Following the End SARS protest across the country, the APC National Leader was accused of sponsoring the demonstration. However, the former Lagos State governor denied being responsible for the ongoing protests. Tinubu pointed out that the protesters reserved the right to express their grievances. Despite the protest, some assets linked to the APC National Leader were destroyed by hoodlums who have hijacked the demonstration in Lagos State. Establishments like The Nation Newspaper and TVC were set ablaze. These media platforms are linked to the APC National Leader.