The member representing Ezza South/Ikwo federal constituency in the House of Representatives, Hon. Chinedu Ogah has at the weekend applauded the governor of Ebonyi State, David Umahi for finally dumping the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the All Progressives Congress, APC. Ogah, who confirmed governor Umahi’s defection to APC, said “we don’t need division in the south-east, we need unity, we need to be part of the Central government. We can’t continue to be in opposition” he stated. Recall that Ogah is the only National Assembly member of Ebonyi state extraction who was elected on the platform of APC and belongs to the caucus of APC in the south-east zone. DAILY POST gathered that Umahi’s defection was perfected after his meeting with several stakeholders and leaders of APC including President Muhammadu Buhari. The lawmaker, however, commended the governor’s bold step to defect to APC, adding that such a move is in the right direction. Ogah further called on the Governors of Abia, Enugu and Anambra to join the APC for stability in the polity and in the south-east. He said: “Yes, Governor Umahi’s defection to our great party, APC is a step in the right direction. We cannot afford to remain in the opposition. We must join the ruling party to continue to reap the dividends of democracy. “I am calling on other Governors in the south-east to tow the line of Governor Umahi and join APC. We have to be at the center, we have to join mainstream politics for the overall development of our zone and the country in general. “President Muhammadu Buhari has done well. Everybody should join the APC to encourage him”, Ogah noted. When contacted for reaction, the Commissioner of Information and state orientation, Barr. Uchenna Orji said he is somewhere and may not have a chance to react to the defection. Orji who insisted on seeing the lawmaker’s statement before reaction said: “send the report to me let me know what they are saying so that I can react. I am somewhere now’’ he stated. Also, the special assistants to the governor on Media, Mr. Francis Nwaze denied the defection saying “My attention has been drawn to the news making the rounds in some quarters of the media, that the Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr. David Umahi has defected to the All Progressive Congress (APC). “The news is a product of a figment of imagination on the part of the carriers as Governor Umahi was, is, and is still flying the flag of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). “It is, however, difficult to observe how people are easily persuaded to believe in fake dummies in the name of rumours. “If for any reason, Governor Umahi wishes to leave the People Democratic Party (PDP), it will be officially communicated and can never be a product from rumour mongers” he stated. The state chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Ebonyi state chapter, Barr. Nwaebonyi Onyekachi, when contacted, also did not pick his calls or respond to text messages sent to him by our reporter for reactions.