Arsenal welcomes Dundalk for the Europa League encounter as they look to make it two wins out of two from Group B. Despite their shaky start against Rapid Vienna last week, Mikel Arteta’s men were able to seal a 2-1 victory thanks to goals from (header) David Luiz and (a tap-in) Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. However, with Manchester United fixture lying in wait on Sunday afternoon in the Premier League, the Gunners are expected to be reshuffled with regards to the team selection when facing the Irish giants. Here is a look at how Arsenal could line-up against Dundalk in the Europa League, Absent; David Luiz (thigh), Rob Holding (hamstring) Pablo Mari (ankle), Calum Chambers (fitness), Gabriel Martinelli (knee). Possible; Willian (calf), Bukayo Saka (unspecified). A couple of Arsenal’s first-choice players could possibly shake off injuries to play in this game, but it could come as a surprise if any risks are taken prior to the visit to play Manchester United. Goalkeeper Runar Alex Runarsson is in line to make his bow for Arsenal, while Shkodran Mustafi could get the chance to play from the start for the first time this season after having recovered from a thigh problem. Mohamed Elneny is likely to partner a first-team player in midfield and this would give Mikel Arteta the leverage and freedom in naming young members of the squad further forward. Joe Willock and Reiss Nelson will hope to feature from the opening whistle having only previously started EFL cup ties this term. Nicolas Pepe and Eddie Nketiah should start ahead of Aubameyang in this match, while Alexandre Lacazette could be rested prior to the meeting with Manchester United. Gabriel Magalhaes should retain his place in Arsenal XI owing to the injury that has bedevilled David Luiz and Rob Holding. Below is an expected line up of Arsenal against Dundalk Runar Alex Runarsson; Cedric Soares, Shkodran Mustafi Gabriel Magalhaes, Sead Kolasinac; Dani Ceballos, Elneny Mohamed; Joe Willock, Reiss Nelson, Nicolas Pepe, Eddie Nketiah.