Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian newspapers 1. All is now set for the Ondo State governorship election today. Although 17 political parties have indicated interest in the number one seat, political analysts believe that the race is between Rotimi Akeredolu of the All Progressives Congress, Eyitayo Jegede of the Peoples Democratic Party and Ajayi Agboola of the Zenith Labour Party. 2. The End SARS protest in Lagos and other Nigerian cities is gaining momentum. On Friday, hundreds of citizens converged at the Lagos State Government secretariat in Alausa, Ikeja, calling the on the state relevant government to proscribe the police operative. 3. About 10 senior police officers have been dismissed and 9 others demoted over various alleged misconduct, PSC Head, Press and Public Relations Mr IKechukwu Ani said in a statement. The punishment of severe reprimand for eight Officers, reprimand for 10 and letter of warning for three other Officers were also approved by the commission. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has finallly spoken on the ongoing protests against brutality and extortion by operatives of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). In a statement late on Friday night, Buhari said he met again with the IGP tonight adding that his government is determined to end police brutality and unethical conduct, and ensure that the Police are fully accountable to the people. 5. Lagos State House of Assembly has demanded the proscription of the Special Anti-Robbery (SARS). The legislature demanded a new and well-structured security outfit. 6. The mobile police officers in Osogbo have dispersed some youths protesting against brutality and extortion by men of the Special Anti-Robbery Response Squad (SARS). The police officers stationed at Olaiya Junction allegedly shoot sporadically in the air to disperse the protesting youths. 7. Food insecurity has continued to bite harder, making hundreds of internally displaced persons turn into scavengers in Borno State. The IDPs, who stormed the street in protest, threatened to abandon camps. The IDPs are from Pulka, a transit camp in Gwoza local government area of Borno State. 8. Some irate youths on Friday invaded a police station in Imoru, Ijebu-Ode area of Ogun State. It was observed that the youths took advantage of the incident to cart away items from the police station, while daring the officers to come out. 9. The Federal Government has said organised labour neither compromised nor betrayed workers in the negotiations that led to the suspension of its planned strike. The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, said that labour was patriotic by suspending the strike. 9. The National President of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Professor Biodun Ogunyemi, has vowed that they will protect university autonomy with the last drop of their blood. The ASUU president revealed that on January 9, 2020, they reached an understanding with President Muhammadu Buhari, to develop the University Transparency and Accountability Solution (UTAS), which will be sensitive to the operations of the university system, accommodate perculiarities and respect autonomy. 10. Alpha Beta Consulting has spoken on the massive allegations its former Managing Director, Oladapo Apara, levelled against former Lagos Governor, Bola Tinubu. Apara, in writ of summons filed at a Lagos High Court on October 2, 2020, alleged that Tinubu demanded 70 percent of the shareholding through his nominated proxies.