The All Progressives Congress (APC) National Campaign Council for Ondo State gubernatorial election has described the victory of its candidate, Governor Rotimi Akeredolu as a reflection of the people’s interest in quality infrastructure. It said the victory defined the party’s “ideology-preference of devoting much more resources to physical infrastructural development to Stomach Infrastructure as per PDP.” The Council said this in its congratulatory message to Akeredolu, stating that the same scenario was responsible for the victory of Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State. The statement was signed by Mr. Osita Okechukwu, the Director-General of the Voice of Nigeria, VON, and a member of the Council. Obaseki, who was elected on the platform of the APC only defected to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, few days to the election after he was denied APC ticket. The APC Campaign Council believes that Obaseki was re-elected because of his performance in his first tenure, anchored on the party’s ideology. DAILY POST reports that the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, had on Sunday declared Akeredolu the winner of the keenly contested election. Okechukwu had earlier predicted victory for Akeredolu a few days ago, noting that the alliance of 11 political parties will not stop the governor’s re-election bid. He had said Akeredolu was sure of victory, not only because of his incumbency polls advantage, but going by his sterling performance in his first term. While congratulating Akeredolu on Sunday, the council said his victory and that of Godwin Obaseki in the September 19 Edo State governorship election, defined APC’s ideology-preference for physical infrastructure to the stomach infrastructure of opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). According to the statement, “On behalf of the All Progressives Congress (APC) National Campaign Council led by the Governor of Lagos State, His Excellency, Babajide Sanwolu, congratulates His Excellency Rotimi Akeredolu for his victory in the Saturday 10th, October, 2020 Ondo State gubernatorial election. “For us in the APC his victory and that of His Excellency, Godwin Obaseki, both products of APC in the last four years have in no small measure defined our ideology-preference of devoting much more resources to physical infrastructural development to Stomach Infrastructure as per PDP. “Indeed this is our hallmark in most APC states and the federal government. Our traducers envy infrastructural development going in Lagos, Kaduna, Borno and other APC states, the uncommon Buhari’s Agrarian Revolution, power and railways infrastructure,” he said. Okechukwu said they were happy with the outcome of the two gubernatorial elections as both showcased that Nigerians were gradually coming to terms that physical infrastructure that generates prosperity and enduring happiness was more preferable than the PDP hand-out stomach infrastructure. “PDP is ‘share the money’, while APC is investing the money,” he declared. Okechukwu added that they were happy to be vindicated as some doubting Thomases disputed their pre-election fact-finding mission statement that Governor Akeredolu will win with a margin of between 55-58 percent.