The management of the Polytechnic Ibadan in Oyo State said on Wednesday that it has shifted the 2019/2020 first semester examination of the institution. DAILY POST gathered that this is the second time the institution will postpone the examination. Our correspondent recalls that the institution had on Monday shifted the first-semester examination which was billed to commence on Monday (12/10/2020) to Monday, 19/10/2020). The postponement was done after students protested their inability to pay fees and register their courses online. The institution noted that it has reviewed its stand on the commencement of the first-semester examination for the 2019/2020 academic session earlier postponed to Monday 19th October 2020. It added that under the reviewed arrangement, the examination will now commence on Monday, 2nd November 2020. The Registrar of the institution, Mrs Modupe Theresa Fawale said that all the contentious issues with the students’ union which led to the earlier postponement and closure of the institution have been resolved. Fawale in the statement made available to DAILY POST on Wednesday insisted that the management in a closed-door meeting with the students’ union Executives and Representatives from the various faculties, considered the pleas from the students for more time for the payment of tuition and registration for the session. She added that the inability of some of the students to access the institution’s portal was also addressed as the solution centres created by the Management are already resolving some of the issues of registration. “The Management of The Polytechnic, Ibadan has reviewed its stand on the commencement of the first-semester examination for the 2019/2020 academic session earlier postponed to Monday 19th October 2020. “Under the reviewed arrangement, the examination will now commence on Monday, 2nd November 2020. All the contentious issues with the students’ union which led to the earlier postponement from Monday, 12th to 19th October to the present date of 2nd November and closure of the Institution’s entrances have been resolved. “The Management in a closed-door meeting with the students’ union Executives and Representatives from the various faculties, the Management considered the pleas from the students for more time for the payment of tuition and registration for the session. “The inability of some of the students to access the Institution’s portal was also addressed as the solution centres created by the Management are already resolving some of the issues of registration. “Under the new examination time table, details of which will be made available on Friday. HND II and ND I students of the Faculty of Business and Communication Studies and those of Environmental Studies will commence their examination on 2nd November. “Students in HND II and ND I in Engineering, Science and Financial Management Studies will commence their examination after FBCS and FES. Students in HND I and ND II in all faculties will commence their examinations later. “The ND II students have been given more time as some of them completed their four-month industrial attachment programmes during the Covid-19 lockdown and were unable to make physical contacts with their lecturers”.