Organisers of the End SARS protest in Ogun State have suspended the protest on Wednesday. Governor Dapo Abiodun confirmed this in a statement this evening. According to him, the original organisers of the protests have since realized that the protests have been hijacked, saying they “sent out a notice that they have suspended street protests.” Abiodun, who commended the peaceful conduct of the genuine youth protesters in Ogun State, called on others still purporting to be protesting to return home “as it is obvious that hoodlums and miscreants have hijacked the lofty idea”. Ogun State Governor, commiserated with the families of those who have lost their loved ones and properties in the END SARS violence in different parts of the country. He described the deaths and arson as “unfortunate and unwarranted”. The Governor expressed displeasure over the burning of Atan Ota police station; the killing of the Divisional Crime Officer and one other person; the attack on the Divisional Police Officer; sporadic gunshots by hoodlums in some locations in the state; violent supremacy battles among miscreants and blockade in some parts of the state, among others. He warned that strident measures may be announced should acts of breach of public safety and security continue. While calling for demonstrators to bring the protests to an end and allow for the full implementation of their demands, Abiodun urged security agents to exercise caution in dealing with the #EndSARS protesters to avoid further loss of lives and properties. He acknowledged the right of the people to protest but regretted that “blockade of highways and other roads, destruction of public and private property, and unfortunate loss of lives are clear deviations from the original intention of the protest.” Governor Abiodun who has deployed security men and women to ensure an end to the violence, directed the security team to continue to patrol the major streets to ensure peace and tranquility in the day-to-day activities of citizens. “I plead with all our public and private hospitals to treat all in need of medical attention brought to their facilities”, the statement added. The Governor further said: “For us, the lives of all citizens and residents of Ogun State matter. We must also recognize that any property destroyed directly diminishes our commonwealth and undermines the momentum of our development. It is our joint responsibility to ensure safety of lives and property and we must all understand that the current state of violence does not do anyone any good. “The people of Ogun State should please report all acts of molestation, breaches of peace or extortion by calling 112. Our Quick Response Squad (QRS) alongside other law enforcement teams are on alert to respond quickly. Once again, appeal to our people to allow peace to reign do not attack law enforcement,’’ the statement concluded.