Following the End SARS protest going on across the nation and the recommendation of the National Economic Council, Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has set up a judicial panel to investigate cases of police brutality in the state, following recommendations from the National Economic Council, The Governor has also named Justice Solomon Olugbemi (retired) as the Chairman of the panel DAILY POST reports that the National Association of Nigerian Students and Civil Society Organisations are represented in the panel. The panel is also made up of senior retired police officers, legal practitioners among others. The Chief Press Secretary to Abiodun, Kunle Somorin said, “the National Economic Council (NEC) of Thursday also directed each State to set up a Victims Support Fund to “enable payment of monetary compensations to deserving victims” of such alleged brutalities. Members of the Judicial Panel of Investigation are Bamgbose Tomiwa, NANS Chairman, Ogun State; Yinka Folarin, Chairman, Ogun State Coalition of Civil Societies; Omonajevwe Janet Abiri, International Federation of Women Lawyers (FIDA); DIG Babatunde Ogunyanwo (rtd); AbdulJabar Ayelagbe, Chairman, National Youth Council, Ogun State and Aisekegbe Momodu, National Human Rights Commission, Ogun State. Somorin said Oluwatosin T. Ogundele, Chief State Counsel, Ministry of Justice, is to serve as the Secretary of the panel. The Committee, according to Somorin, will receive complaints of police brutality as well as human rights violations or extrajudicial killings. It will also investigate such complaints, evaluate the evidence presented, recommend compensation and other remedial measures, where appropriate. DAILY POST learned that Gov Abiodun himself is the Chairman of a Special Security and Human Rights Committee, charged with the responsibility of protecting human rights and monitoring the prosecution of erring and indicted security agents. The committee has as its members, Heads of security agencies in Ogun; heads of police tactical unit charged with fighting armed robbery and violent crimes; Babatunde Adeluola, to represent the youth; Mrs. Peju Osoba of Child First Welfare International, and Obatungashe Israel Adebayo, Deputy National President, Campaign for Democracy (CD). Meanwhile, the Human Rights Complaints Office is to be supervised by Joseph Ogunniyi, Esq – Chairman, NBA, Ota Branch – Ombudsman; Bamidele Adebayo, Director, Department of Citizens Rights, Ministry of Justice; Shodeinde Oluwaponmile, Ogun State Coordinator, National Human Rights Commission. “A seed fund of fifty million naira only (N50m) has been set aside as start-up amount to enable payment of monetary compensation to deserving victims,” Somorin said.