Six armed robbery suspects have been arrested in various locations in the eighteen local government areas of Cross River State. The suspects are Paul Sunday ‘m’ 36 yrs, Joseph Edet George ‘m’ 18 yrs, Cletus Ashimere ‘m’ 23 yrs, Odo Emmanuel ‘m’, Francis Ekam ‘m’ and Sunday Egwu ‘m’ On 29th September at about 0530 hrs, Odo Sunday of Akansoko Village in Akpabuyo local government area of the state put a distress call to Policemen attached to Anti-cultism and Kidnapping Squad that he had cited some armed robbers who attacked him on 19th September at about 0600 hrs and made away with his N400, 000. The operatives swung into action, combed the said forest and arrested two suspects, Paul Sunday and Joseph Edet George but the gang leader who kept their arms, one Isaac is currently at large. One Cletus Ashimere was also arrested on 28th September at about 0230 hrs by Etung Division of the Nigeria Police. Cletus a native of Obanliku local government area was dispossessing travellers of their properties at gunpoint. Various items were recovered from him including one locally made long single barrel gun, one locally made short gun, three live cartridges, Rav 4 Jeep with registration No KKE 231 AA and Toyota Camry car, Reg No AW 68 KTN. Other items recovered from the suspect (Ashimere) were Hiace Bus with Reg no UYY 31 XA, Hiace Bus with Reg no LSD 267 XC, Toyota Camry with Reg no CAL 214 AA, five bags of dry Cocoa, one Daylong Motorcycle, N10, 500, five assorted handsets, two computers’ modems, one jack knife, two rings, two hand beads and handkerchief, eleven wrist watches, two handbags, local black charms and one pack of toothpaste. Confirming the arrest of the suspects on Friday, the state Commissioner of Police, CP Abdulkadir Jimoh said that on 23rd September at about 0012 hrs a distress call was received that one Hon Michael Ugeh ‘m’ of Ndok Community Ogoja was robbed of his Toyota Camry with Reg no CAL 214 AA at gunpoint by armed men. “The Unit Commander, 75PMF Ogoja was immediately contacted to be at alert as well as the Divisional Police Officer Bekwara. Unluckily for the suspects, they were intercepted at Mfom by the Police Mobile men of 75 PMF Ogoja who arrested and recovered the said vehicle and one locally made pistol” The CP Jimoh further said, “On 22nd September at about 2239hrs, operatives of Operation Puff Adder while on routine patrol received a distress call that a gang of three armed men robbed a provision store at gunpoint along Marian Road, Calabar.