Barcelona face a strong test as they travel to Turin, Italy to face Serie A giants Juventus Wednesday night. The Ronald Koeman-led side would be aiming to bounce back from their El Classico defeat against Real Madrid with victory against Juventus. Both sides clash in Group G tonight. Barcelona were very convincing in the UEFA Champions League opener, with five different players getting on the score sheet in the 5-1 win over Hungarian giants Ferencvaros. Here, DAILY POST takes a look at how Ronald Koeman could line up Barcelona in the contest. Out; Gerard Pique (suspended), Philippe Coutinho (hamstring), Marc-Andre for stage (match fitness), Samuel Umtiti (match fitness). Barcelona’s struggles at the moment would be traced to their weak starting line-up for the tie which is totally different from the quality team sheet we use to be seeing from the five-time Champions of Europe. This could be particularly in defence, where Koemani’s back up was further depleted following Gerard Pique’s red card against Ferencvaros. The suspension of Pique in tandem with Samuel Umtiti’s continued absence through injury would see Ronald Araujo likely line up with Clement Lenglet at the back for the Catalans. Former Juventus goalkeeper Neto is expected to start in goal as Marc-Andre ter Stegen is out injured. New summer recruits Sergino Dest and Jordi Alba make up the likely back five. Five players like Lionel Messi, Marc-Andre ter Stegen, Jordi Alba, Sergio Busquets, Gerard Pique were involved in the Barcelona team that defeated Juventus way back in 2015. But now they look much less of a force to reckon at the moment. There is a sprinkling of stardust in the form of Messi, and all eyes will be on a possible reunion with talismanic figure Cristiano Ronaldo, who must first pass a coronavirus test some hours before kickoff. Life outside Messi does not look to be far away for Barcelona. But in Ansu Fati they appear to have got another star in the making. The younger scored against Real Madrid at the weekend thus becoming the youngest Barcelona player to score in the El Classico. Philippe Coutinho played the full 90 minutes of the El Classico match. But Barcelona reveals on Sunday that he’s picked up a hamstring injury which would see him miss the Juventus clash on Wednesday. Ansu Fati and Ousama Dembele should start from both wings. While French star Antoine Greizmann is expected to lead the attack behind Lionel Messi following Luis Suarez’s departure. Juventus vs. Barcelona: How Barcelona Could Line-Up Against Andrea Pirlo’s Juventus Neto; Sergino Dest, Ronald Araujo, Clement Lenglet, Jordi Alba; Frank de Jong, Miralem Pjanic, Ousama Dembele, Lionel Messi, Ansu Fati, Antonio Greizmann.