As the Premier League entered week six, it was interesting to see a couple of players showcase their talent for their respective clubs. Goals were going in here and there as Arsenal lost 0-1 at home, while Chelsea claimed the vital point at Manchester United’s ground on Saturday. It was a match of quality as expectations were met on the pitch despite the barren draw between both sides. Other games lived up to its billing as well, even as Liverpool came from a goal down to wrestle a 2-1 win at home. With the characteristics display on the pitch at the weekend, DAILY POST identifies three (3) players of the week in the English topflight known as the Barclays Premier League. Patrick Bamford (Leeds United) The English forward demonstrated his class amid his experience in the final third with three second-half goals. He mesmerized the Aston Villa defence with his left foot dynamics before applying the finishing touch in the left far corner. Such performance could capture the interest of England boss Gareth Southgate. The Gaffer could be looking for striking options following the injury that hasbedevilled Tottenham Hotspur’s Harry Kane and Chelsea Tammy Abraham in recent times. He was exquisite and full of conviction as he scored in the 55th, 67th and 74th minute of the match respectively, to down Aston Villa 0-3 at the Villa Park Stadium. Edouard Mendy (Chelsea) The Senegalese International was magnificent in goal as he passed the test he was served from the Manchester United team. He showed his goalkeeping clash thus reminding the Chelsea side what they use to have in the safe hands of Petr Cech in goal. He tipped Marcus Rashford 90th minute strike from going in after saving Marcus Rashford’s effort just outside the box in the first half. Such performance can salvage Chelsea’s season amid their current defensive woes as he’s now kept two clean sheets in a row. This should give the Chelsea attackers the leverage to go one better with goals in the next couple of games in order to pick the three points as Mendy stopped all the dart that was thrown at him in goal by the Red Devils. Heung-Min Son (Tottenham Hotspur) Heung-Min Son was on hand to deal a blow to Sean Dyche’s Burnley at home as they lost 0-1 to Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspur side. It was a frenetic contest between Spurs and the robust Burnley side but it took genuine class from a player of immense quality to get the better of the home side at the Turf Moor. That’s how good Heung-Min Son was on the pitch for the London side as he profited from Harry Kane’s assist to steal the win later on in the game. He was outstanding in the course of the match as his combo in the attacking third with the England skipper, Kane was enough to settle the match. He produced the winner with an impressive header in the 76th minute. His manager Jose Mourinho would be delighted with his showings at Burnley, labelled him world-class in the post-match press conference.