Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Several protesters were on Tuesday feared killed and many others injured when security officials believed to be soldiers opened fire on armless protesters at Lekki toll gate. The development has sparked a global outrage, with many calling for the resignation of President Muhmamdu Buhari. 2. The Lagos State Government has reacted to the shooting at the Lekki toll gate on Tuesday night. The state’s Honourable Commissioner for Information, Gbenga Omotoso, urged Lagosians to remain calm and ordered an investigation into the incident 3. Nigerian Army has denied shooting protesters at the Lekki toll gate on Tuesday night. Army in a statement on its Twitter handle, said its soldiers were not at the scene. 4. Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State has ordered the immediate closure of all schools in Ogun State from now till October 26, DAILY POST reports. Abiodun also ordered the ban of the operations of commercial motorcycles, popularly known as Okada in Ogun State tomorrow, October 21. 5. Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde, has announced the closure of all private and public schools in the State. The announcement followed violence that occured in the State on Tuesday. 6. Former United States Presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to stop killing End SARS protesters in the country. Reacting, Clinton on Twitter wrote, “I’m calling on @mbuhari and the @hqnigerianarmy to stop killing young #EndSARS protesters. #StopNigeriaGovernment.” 7. The management of Arik Air has announced that all inbound and outbound flights of Lagos have been cancelled following the imposition of a 24-hour curfew in the state. Spokesman of the airline Ola Adeyanju, in a statement issued on Tuesday announced that flights for Wednesday has been cancelled. 8. The federal government has confirmed two Custodial Centres in Benin City and Oko in Edo State were attacked on Monday. Mohammed Manga, Director of Public Relations in the Ministry of Interior, disclosed that at the last count, 1,993 inmates in legal custody had escaped. 9. Hoodlums on Tuesday set ablaze two police stations in Lagos. While one was razed in Orile Iganmu, the second station was torched at Ojo road, Ajegule in Apapa. 10. The Senate has called on President General Muhammadu Buhari to immediately address the nation on End SARS protests. The Red Chamber of the National Assembly said a presidential speech would give Nigerians an insight of the government’s efforts and actions.