An Anambra State Senior Magistrate Court in Nanka, Orumba North has granted bail to a couple who poured hot water on their house girl, causing severe bodily harm, for allegedly drinking their baby’s milk. Human Rights Legal Aid Initiative, Ekwulobia branch in Aguata local government area of the state had last week rescued Chimamaka Nwafor, a house help from Mr and Mrs Emmanuel Anichukwu who poured hot water on her and refused to take her to hospital for treatment. The couple were charged with grievous body harm and they pleaded not guilty to the charge. After pleading not guilty the defence counsel Mr Vincent Okafor applied for the couple’s bail but was opposed by the prosecutor ASP Clem Nwanchor, who alleged that the suspects would likely jump bail if granted bail. He also claimed that granting them bail would affect the ongoing investigation into the matter. Granting the bail application, the presiding senior Magistrate Mrs. I.C Okoye said the case was a bailable offence and the prosecutor did not show any reasonable evidence that the suspects will jump bail if bail is granted. She also stated the prosecutor did not show how their bail would affect the prosecution of the case. “Since the cases is a bailable offence and there is no proof that they will jump, I will exercise my discretion. I hereby grant the couple bail at the sum of N600,000, N300,000 each. The surety must be a resident in the area, with evidence of three years tax clearance from Anambra State board of internal revenue verified. “The surety must also deposit his or her international passport with the court” she ruled. According to her, in granting the bail she considered many other things such as if the couple had past criminal records, which none was presented before the court Reacting to the bail, the coordinator of Ekwulobia Human Rights Legal Aid Initiative, Comrade Emmanuel Akanaeme said he has no issues with the bail but called on other couples in the country to be mindful of the way they treat people’s children in their care. The case is adjourned to 25th of November 2020 for the continuation of hearing.