The former commissioner for Information, Culture and Tourism and Chieftaincy of All Progressive Congress (APC) in Niger State, Mr. Jonathan Vatsa has thrown his weight behind those urging President Mohammadu Buhari to listen to calls by prominent Nigerians to restructure the country. He stated that if Buhari fails to heed to the calls, Nigeria risked breakaway. Vatsa, a former Publicity Secretary of the party, speaking to newsmen in Minna on Wednesday, said the drum beats for restructuring the country are loud and clear enough for him to hear. He argued that economic and political development in the country since 2015 were largely responsible for the growing calls for the restructuring, saying, “the country has never been so divided as it is today since independence due to the high level of injustice and lack of fair play. The former state publicity secretary insisted that going by current development in the Nation, there is no alternative to the restructuring of the country, adding that the present system of the winner takes all cannot take Nigeria anywhere. “Only Restructuring that can bring the best out of every section of this country. This monthly sharing ceremony in Abuja can not help us as a country”. “The only alternative to restructuring is what the country should not pray for “because there is strength in togetherness. The country is gradually moving towards the redpoint so I think the President should listen to the calls by some eminent Nigerians”. The APC chieftain further maintained that if the country is restructured, certain wasteful decisions like the proposed construction of a rail line from Nigeria to the Niger Republic will not be contemplated especially, when there are abandoned rail lines all over the country. “There is a general lack of trust among Nigerians, there is ethnic cleansing going on everywhere with perpetrators camouflaging as bandits and very worrisome, the lopsidedness in political appointments. So the only thing left now is to restructure the country” “Let no section of this country be afraid of restructuring, except such region, like I said earlier can not see beyond its nose. If we run away from restructuring then we risk breakaway.” On the growing agitations for self-determination by some sections of the country, he attributed it to the growing injustice, lack of equity and fairness.