Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the payment of stipends to Bachelor of Education students, as well as granting them automatic employment after graduation. The Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, who represented President Buhari at the event to mark World Teachers Day in Abuja, said this is now a Federal Government policy. 2. President of the United States of America, Donald Trump, has announced that he is leaving the hospital where he is undergoing treatment for COVID-19. The President said he now feels better “than I did 20 years ago.” 3. Prince Uche Secondus, the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has advised Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo State to forget the past and demonstrate the spirit of democracy by bringing everybody on board in the development of the state. Secondus, who gave the advice at the party’s National Secretariat in Abuja, on Monday when Obaseki paid a thank-you visit to the members of the National Working Committee (NWC) of the PDP, urged Obaseki to work with the three arms of government, especially those who offended him in the course of the last election. 4. The Commissioner of Police in Oyo State, Nwachukwu Enwonwu, has revealed that severe disciplinary sanction will be inflicted on any personnel that flouts the Inspector-General of Police, Muhammed Adamu’s directives on the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). Enwonwu issued the warning during a retirement party, organised for Attahiru Isah, the Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) in charge of administration, on Monday in Ibadan, NAN reports. 5. Some members of Zenith Labour Party (ZLP) in Ondo State, on Monday, defected to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Akure, ahead of the October 10 governorship election in the state. Report said the defectors were led by Mr. Busayo Olamigoke, a former ZLP Chairman in Ondo East Local Government area, who recently resigned from the party. 6. The Osun Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, (NSCDC), has reacted to the death of an operative of the Department of State Services (DSS), identified as Seyi Adebowale, who was allegedly shot dead by their officer, Sunday Dada. The acting spokesperson of the NSCDC in Osun, Adigun Daniel, in a statement described the incident as unintentional and unfortunate. 7. President Muhammadu Buhari has told Nigerians who are uncomfortable with certain laws to remain patient and seek reform where necessary. Buhari, who stated this on Monday, while declaring open a two-day joint Executive/Legislative leadership retreat at the Presidential Villa, Abuja, explained that the processes and procedures involved in law making are ever evolving. 8. The Nigeria Governors’ Forum (NGF) has backed the decision by the Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, to ban with immediate effect the operations of the Federal Special Anti-Robbery Squad (FSARS) and a range of other Tactical Squads of the Force. The NGF Chairman and Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi, in his reaction on Monday, lauded the IGP, saying the decision was received with “great relief and satisfaction”. 9. President Muhammadu Buhari has approved a special salary scale for teachers across the country. The approval coincided with commemoration of the World Teachers Day on October 5. He also increased the number of years of service from 35 to 40. 10. The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Mohammed Adamu has reaffirmed his commitment to the ongoing reforms in the Nigeria Police Force especially as it concerns the activities of the Federal Anti-robbery Squad (FSARS) and other Special Tactical Units of the Force. The IGP made this known during a courtesy call on him by the Hon Minister of Youth and Sports, Mr. Sunday Dare on Monday, 5th October 2020, at the Force Headquarters, Louis Edet House, Abuja.