The police in Ogun State police have arrested two persons, who were described as “members of a kidnap syndicate that abducted one 25-year-old Ms Mariam Fagbohun and subsequently murdered her 50-year-old mother in the process.” DAILY POST earlier reported that Maraim Fagbohun, who runs a provision store and a beer parlour, was abducted by a six-man kidnapping gang in Ijoun, Yewa North Local Government area of Ogun State on August 21, when she closed from her shop and going home. In the process of her abduction, she had raised an alarm, which attracted people around including the victim’s mother, Annah Fagbohun. While the people around were trying to chase the abductors with the aim of rescuing her, the kidnappers shot into their midst and the bullet hit the victim’s mother Annah Fagbohun and she died on the spot. The Ogun State Police spokesman, Abimbola Oyeyemi, told DAILY POST on Wednesday that,“a distress call was made to the police, consequent upon which the DPO Egua division, CSP Kalejaiye Olarenwaju led his men to the scene and with the collaboration of members of the community, they were able to rescue the victim and apprehended one member of the gang by, name Jimoh Fayemi, a native of Omu-Odo in Ekiti State.” The anti-kidnapping section of the state CIID, on the directives of the CP were said to have embarked on a technical and intelligence based investigation which led to the arrest of another member of the gang in Ekiti State by name James Arowolo 47, a native of Obo-Ayegunle in Kwara State. “On interrogation, the duo confessed to having been contracted by one man simply known as “Ade” and his friend known as ‘Doctor’ who lives in the same neighbourhood with the victim to come and swindle her of a huge sum of money. “But having realized that the woman will not fall into their trap, they decided to kidnap her and demand for ransom. “Recovered from them are three single barrel guns, 12 live cartridges and face mask,” it was said. Meanwhile, the Commissioner of Police, has ordered a manhunt for the fleeing members of the gang, while asking that the arrested ones to be arraigned.