Manchester United would entertain Arsenal on Sunday as hostilities ensue between both sides in the Premier League. The clash would see both EPL giants do battle on the pitch for the all-important three points. Arsenal would be aiming to undo their recent poor showings having recorded no wins at Old Trafford since 2015. But with the Red Devils in top form, especially with Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford in the game positive result will be highly anticipated from Solskjaer’s men. Here, DAILY POST evaluates the three (3) key battles ahead of the Sunday showdown between Manchester United and Arsenal. Harry Maguire vs Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang This battle is likely to be the most fiercely contested one out of this entire match. The two skippers will aim to get the better of each other as Aubameyang would aim to underline his goals scoring instinct in the tie. Harry Maguire’s leadership qualities will best be evaluated by his ability to bring calmness to the Red Devils defence. While withstanding the pressure, the Arsenal superstar’s talent remains to be seen in the course of the match. Aaron Wan-Bissaka vs. Bukayo Saka The Manchester United right-back has been outstanding for the Red Devils side although last season and he will be up against one of the most impressive Arsenal players in recent times. As battle looms at the Manchester Arena, the duo of Saka and Wan-Bissaka would test their steel and propensity going forward, depending on the position they’ve been deployed to play in. Their talent would come face to face as Bukayo’s attacking talent would go head to head with Bissaka’s defensive awareness in the course of the contest. Bruno Fernandes vs. Thomas Partey The Manchester United star man Fernandes would be up against the intelligent tackles coming from the Ghana midfielder Partey as both players meet on the pitch. Partey’s technical strength should see him compete effectively against Fernandes while the Portuguese International is in a rich vein of form at the moment. It promises to be a mouth-watering rumble between the two as much as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer sets his side up against Mikel Arteta’s challenge in the Sunday duel. Partey should man-mark Fernandes as anything short of that could necessitate a low-key performance from the visiting Arsenal side.