The Super Eagles have made giant strides under the watchful eye of German-French Coach Gernot Rohr over the last couple of years. However, there is more work to be done as the team continues to progress in its aspiration to greater heights. The Nigerian manager could be commended for the role he played in securing the services of German-born defender Kevin Akpoguma for
Nigeria. But there are still great areas of evaluation within the team as it pertains to this promising Super Eagles side. The inclusion of the trio of Chidera Ejuke, Cyril Dessers, Samson Tijani is a big boost to the team. Akpoguma’s Eagles invitation and possible debut (against the Algerian side) is a welcome development. The aforementioned players have beefed up great areas in the Nigerian team, notably in the defensive and attacking department. However, with the absence of Wilfred Ndidi, Joe Aribo and Galatasaray loan signing Oghenekaro Etebo, the Super Eagles midfield seems to be lacking steel and depth. The invitation of Frank Onyeka and the experience of Alex lwobi is a positive one. However, the Eagles still need a sheer class in the
midfield. Ramon Azeez and former U-17 skipper Samson Tijani stand to prove otherwise. But the Nigeria fans would love to see a lot of flair and dynamism in the central area, especially with a midfield who can create and score a goal himself. Alex lwobi may have done his best for the Super Eagles side but more quality is needed as Nigerians still crave for the inclusion of midfield trio of Kelechi Nwakali, Eberechi Eze and Ovie Ejaria. While the latter is not yet certain to commit himself to Nigeria amid link coming from the English National side, the search could also be
extended to Fulham attacking (midfield) talent Josh Onomah. Nigeria needs something special in the attacking midfield so as to coordinate the pace of the attacking talent they‘ve got in transition. Nwakali must be assisted and monitored with everything needed for him to flourish this season. The team is largely missing his talent and ability to orchestrate attacking moves in the middle of the park. And this is in line with the goal-scoring potential we’ve known he possesses, especially from his long-range strikes and superb free-kick
deliveries. The Eagles teams have got a lot of attacking arsenal with Kelechi Iheanacho, Paul Onuachu, Joshua Maja and Henry Onyekuru waiting to be deployed by the Nigerian gaffer. How about Dennis Bonaventure and Chuba Akpom who are not even yet in the Eagles mix just like the highly talented Olympic star, Umar Sadiq. The defence is getting better by the day with several additions ensuring that the Eagles are spoilt for choices in this area on the pitch. The recent inclusion of Akpoguma and the return to action of FC Twente new signing Tyronne Ebuehi has made Nigeria’s defence more solid. Porto’s Zaidu Sanusi is a great addition at left-back for Nigeria, as well as the call-ups to the trio of Maduka Okoye, Dele Alampasu and Tobe Lawal in the goalkeeping department. The major area needing improvement is the midfield areas. Let’s wait to see how the likes of Frank Onyeka, Samson Tijani and Co fare alongside Everton star Alex Iwobi.