A petty trader, Mrs Funmilola Adekoya has alleged that she lost a three month-old pregnancy due to brutality by some operatives of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), Oyo State Command in Ibadan. Adekoya, a mother of one, lost her pregnancy after an NSCDC operative pressed an electrical gadget on her stomach, in addition to spraying her with a gaseous substance after which she went unconscious. DAILY POST gathered that the incident occurred on September 29th at Floor 2, Gbangbalolonwa complex, Idi-Ope, Imonlefalafia, Oke-Ado Ibadan. Husband of the victim, Mr. Francis Adekoya, while speaking, said that some people who did not show him any identity card suddenly entered his shop early in the morning demanding for N2,000 tax. Adekoya said, “When the men who were guarded by two NSCDC operatives entered by shop, they claimed to be collecting N2,000 tax for the Oyo State Board of Internal Revenue.  “However, I made them understand that I had not made any sales that morning, besides, there was no pre-notice of their coming and so did not prepare any money ahead. “I pleaded with the alleged tax collectors to give me some hours to make money, probably by afternoon I would have made money, but they threatened to apply force against me. Then, they insisted on sealing up my shop and I tried to prevent them. “One of the NSCDC operative later dragged me out of the shop, injected me with an electrical gadget and also sprayed my face with a gaseous substance”. Mr. Adekoya also alleged that he temporarily lost his vision due to the brutality by the NSCDC official. He said that he was still receiving treatment at the hospital where he is being attended to. “It took the effort of well meaning neighbours who supported me in rushing her to the hospital before she was revived. The medical doctor told me that it was only God that saved her, adding that she has lost the three month-old pregnancy she was carrying. “As I speak, she is still receiving treatment in the hospital and I have no money to offset the heavy bill incurred. I want the government to take a decisive action on this incident because the brutality against poor innocent people might continue if nothing is done on it”. Public Relation Officer (PRO) of NSCDC in Oyo State, Mr. Oluwole Olusegun confirmed the incident to journalists on Sunday. Olusegun, however, said that the corps was still investigating the matter.