Good morning! Here is today’s summary from Nigerian Newspapers 1. Two members of the House of Representatives, on Wednesday, dumped the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, for the All Progressives Congress, APC. The lawmakers were Ephraim Nwuzi, representing Etche/Omuma Federal Constituency in Rivers State and David Abel from Gashaka/Kurmi/Sardauna Federal Constituency in Taraba State. 2. Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State has named the new Emir of Zazzau. El-Rufai, who spent hours in a meeting with Zazzau council of chiefs on Tuesday, chose Ambassador Ahmed Bamalli as the 19th Fulani emir for the emirate. 3. President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the new Emir of Zazzau, Ambassador Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli. He, therefore, advised the new monarch to be the leader of all. 4. President Muhammadu Buhari has declared that all necessary measures have been put in place to ensure that the October 10 gubernatorial election in Ondo State is peaceful, transparent and credible. President Buhari also assured the electorate in Ondo of the provision of adequate security to forestall any breach of the peace by unscrupulous elements. 5. Some branches of the Petroleum and Natural Gas Senior Staff Association of Nigeria (PENGASSAN), on Wednesday, commenced a three-day warning strike to protest the “shoddy” manner their members were included in the Integrated Payroll and Personnel Management System (IPPIS). The staff members representing the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA), Department of Petroleum Resource (DPR), Nigerian Nuclear Regulatory Authority (NNRA) and Petroleum Training Institute (PTI) protested at PPPRA head office in Abuja, chanting solidarity songs. 6. Former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose has accused Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State and Bode George, a former Deputy National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), of masterminding the assault on him at the party’s campaign rally in Ondo State on Wednesday. The former Ekiti State Governor was climbing the podium at the campaign ground when a hoodlum moved towards him and removed his cap. 7. Persons suspected to be thieves on Wednesday, burgled the Adamawa State office of the privately-owned African Independent Television (AIT), based in Yola. Chief Timawus Mathias, the Yola Head of the station, said some sensitive hardware was stolen by the suspected burglars. 8. World Trade Organization (WTO) members have selected two final candidates for the final round, in the race to lead the organization; they are: Nigeria’s Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala and South Korea’s Yoo Myung-hee. With the two women advancing to the final round of the selection process, the WTO will likely have the first female director-general in its 25-year history. 9. No fewer than one hundred houses have been reportedly razed in Amata-Akpoha community, Afikpo North local government area of Ebonyi State. This is following a land dispute that ensued between Amata-Akpoha and the neighbouring Ezeke-Amasiri community. 10. The National Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Prince Uche Secondus, has urged the electorate in Ondo State to stay firmly with their votes and kick against any attempt to rig the Oct 10, governorship election. According to the PDP Chairman, Akeredolu government was afraid and intimidated of Eyitayo Jegede’s popularity, probably that was enough reason they destroyed the road that links to our campaign ground.