In its efforts to stem Sexual and Gender Based Violence (SGBV) in the state, the Bauchi State Government, through the Ministry of Justice, has secured convictions of six persons charged with rape, while 18 others have their cases pending in courts. This was revealed by the state Solicitor-General and Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Justice, Aliyu Bin Idris, at the weekend during a capacity training for key stakeholders in the fight against SGBV in the state held at the Hazibal Suites Conference Centre in Bauchi. According to Bin Idris, the rapists convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment were Shamsuddeen Adamu, aka Duna; Abbas Usman, aka Gero and Al-Amin Yunusa, aka Maka, all of whose convictions by the lower court were affirmed by the Appeal Court. The others, the permanent secretary informed, are Salisu Haruna, convicted for attempted rape and act of gross indecency; AbdulKarim Sani, attempted rape and act of gross indecency and Shamsudeen Adamu, adding that they were all convicted and sentenced to lifetime imprisonments by the state High Court. “The Court of Appeal had affirmed the judgement in the case of (1) Shamsuddeen Adamu, aka Duna v. State CA/J/76/C/2020, convicted for rape and sentenced to lifetime imprisonment; Abbas Usman, aka Gero v. State CA/J/75/C/ 2020, convicted for the offence of rape and sentenced to life imprisonment and Al-Amin Yunusa, aka Maka v. State CA/18/C/2020 convicted for the offence of rape and also sentenced to life imprisonment. “The State High Court had also passed judgement on the following convicts: State v. Salisu Haruna BA/45/C/2018 convicted for attempted rape and act of gross indecency; State v. AbdulKarim Sani BA/51/C/2018 attempted rape and act of gross indecency and State v. Shamsudeen Adamu & 2 Others BA/23/C/2018 convicted for rape, sentenced to lifetime imprisonments,” the Solicitor-General informed. He further revealed that said that 18 rape cases are either pending or ongoing in various courts, adding that two more were expected to be forwarded to the ministry on Monday, 26th October, 2020 for legal advice. According to him, the state government has created an enabling environment for prosecution of offenders in the state, including SGBV offenders and emphasised the need for the synergy between community and police in helping to secure convictions. “Bauchi State government under the present administration has created an enabling environment for the prosecution of offenders. The onus now lies with the community, where such crimes are perpetrated and the police to help us in ensuring that state secure convictions through successful prosecution of offenders,” he said. To achieve convictions through successful prosecution, Bin Idris submitted that there should be diligent investigations by the police, while members of the communities should be willing to come forward to testify during trials. While saying that the menace of rape and other gender based violence calls for concern of all in the society, Bin Idris commended the organizers of the training for their foresight in bringing key stakeholders in the area of SGBV together. DAILY POST reports that the capacity training, which was organized by ASHH Foundation in collaboration with Action Aid and Global Affairs Canada, had participants drawn from the police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), medical doctors, Ministry of Justice, MDAs, civil society organizations and the media.