Some unknown assailants, numbering more than 10, invaded Gudum Hausawa community in Bauchi Local Government Area of Bauchi State, weekend, killing two persons. DAILY POST gathered that the assailants invaded the sleepy community armed with dangerous weapons, leaving two persons dead after their operation. It was gathered that a man and a young girl were found dead after the invaders left. A resident of the community, who spoke with journalists in Bauchi, on condition of anonymity, expressed surprise at the attack on the community, adding that no one knew the reason for the attack. He, however, disclosed that there was a little misunderstanding among some people in the community recently, adding that he could not say if the invasion was a fallout of the misunderstanding. While calling on the state government to urgently provide adequate security for the people living in the community, the source said the community had been witnessing attacks in recent times. The Bauchi State Police Command’s Public Relations Officer (PPRO) DSP Mohammed Ahmed Wakil, confirmed the attack, saying that the police received report on the killings. He said that police operatives have since been drafted to the community to maintain law and order, adding that investigation of the attack was ongoing. He said that normalcy had since been restored in the community, adding that policemen deployed there were patrolling the community to prevent a recurrence and reprisal attack. The police spokesman further said that four people were arrested for obstructing their personnel deployed to the area. Wakil gave the names of those arrested as the Ward Leader of Gudum Sayawa, Haruna Isa Nbula; Hassan Hilbash of Gudum Sayawa; Elicana Samaila of Gudum Sayawa and Jonathan Ishaya of Rafin Lumba village in Tafawa Balewa LGA. Meanwhile, the PPRO appealed to residents of the community to come forward with vital information that could aid the police in their investigation of the attack, in order to arrest the culprits.