Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, on Friday, described his late mother, Chief Abigail Omojolagbe Makinde, as an epitome of love and humility, despite being a disciplinarian. DAILY POST gathered that his mother died on Thursday. Makinde while breaking silence over his mother’s death said the family remains grateful to God for the life his mother lived. The Governor, while receiving the National Working Committee (NWC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) led by the National Chairman, Prince Uche Sencondus, on a condolence visit to his house at Ikolaba GRA, Ibadan, on Friday, said, “I want to thank you most sincerely for this condolence visit. “I want to say, on behalf of myself, my wife, immediate family, and extended family, we are very grateful and appreciative of this visit. This happened yesterday morning and you are here this morning. It shows that you truly love me. So, I want to say thank you. “Actually, we were preparing for my mummy’s 81st birthday, which would have been on November 7, exactly three weeks from yesterday. But who are we to question God? “We are grateful to God for the life she lived. To us, she was an epitome of love, humility. She was tough. If you see that trait in some of us, it came from her. And we also thank God that it was not like we were carrying her from one hospital to the other. She died peacefully in her sleep. So, we thank God for what He has done.” Makinde also took the opportunity to appreciate the PDP NWC for the confidence it had in him to lead the Ondo State governorship campaign. “I will also like to use this opportunity to thank the National Working Committee of our great party for the opportunity you gave to us to lead the campaign in Ondo State. “We can’t question God for the outcome of that election. What it means is that we have to go back to the drawing board. We will be submitting a report of those areas where we fell short, to the NWC as soon as practicable. “I really want to use this opportunity to thank all of you who were there in Akure for the love of our party and for the support that you gave to our candidate in Ondo State. “Once again, my Chairman, I am appreciative of this visit and I thank you and all the members of the NWC of our party.”