The Polytechnic, Ibadan on Friday, announced the resumption of academic activities. DAILY POST recalls that the institution was shut down due to the outbreak of Coronavirus. The institution has, however, announced that it will resume next Monday. The institution said that it will formally re-open for the conclusion of the first semester 2019/2020 academic activities on Monday, 5th October, 2020. Registrar of the institution, Mrs. Modupe Theresa Fawale in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, said that the resumption of the students will be in phases. Fawale noted that Higher National Diploma (HNDII) and National Diploma (NDII) students in the Faculty of Business and Communication Studies (FBCS) and their counterparts in the Faculty of Environmental Studies (FES) will resume first on the stated date, 5th October, 2020. The HND II students in the two Faculties (FBCS and FES) will have their revision exercises between the 5th and 9th October, 2020 while their examination will be conducted between 12th and 23rd October, 2020. She said, “Revision for HNDII and NDII students in the Faculties of Engineering (FENG), Science (FES) and Financial Management Studies (FFMS) who are expected to come to school then will hold between 26th to 30th October, 2020 while their examination will run from 2nd to 13th November, 2020. “For ND I and HND I students, their academic activities will commence on 16th November with revision for NDI and HNDI students of the Faculties of Business and Communication Studies and their counterparts in Environmental Studies which will end on 20th November. Examination for these students HNDI and NDI of FES and FBCS will hold between 23rd November and 4th December, 2020. “From 7th to 11th December, NDI and HNDI in the Faculties of Engineering, Science and Financial Studies will have their revision exercise with their examination holding between 14th and 24th December, 2020”. Fawale added that “It is mandatory for all students to abide by all COVID-19 protocol as those that failed to abide will not be allowed to take part in the scheduled activities”. She maintained that only students with evidence of registration with passport photograph are expected to resume as specified for the various faculties and classes.