The National Chairman, 6162 Presidential Amnesty Phase 2, Mr. Aso Tambo, has threatened to drag the federal government before the International Court of Justice, if the Presidential Amnesty Programme (PAP), is scrapped. Tambo, who made the position of the group and other Ex-militants leaders known said, a six years ultimatum was given to the government to develop the region but its been ten years and no reasonable project can be pointed to in the region. Speaking with DAILY POST in Yenagoa, on Friday, after an event to mark two years remembrance of a former agitator, Late Gen Passman Golukumor. “We voluntarily did what we did, the government didn’t defeat us, they begged us to accept the offer, so we are not weak” The ex-agitator dared the federal government to scrap the program as that will justify any court summons “When the federal government came to consult and negotiate with us to accept the Amnesty offer, we asked them why initiating the Amnesty program and they told us it was because they can’t develop the region because there was no peace. If there was an MOU between us and the government then it is the government that has faulted, and the only way to sustain peace is to allow the Amnesty programme continue pending when the government will develop the region. One of the reasons we agreed was for us to see the same development witnessed in Abuja and Lagos replicated here in our region. He said, “Our intention of the struggle is to ensure the region is developed like Lagos and Abuja because during the struggle the security agents intimidated and maimed us in our rightful struggle but we still agreed to lay down arms, the way things are going we might be tempted to renew hostility in the creek and return to our normal struggle”. ‘Today we here to remember one of our own that did everything for the emancipation of the people of the region, this is not the time for arms struggle but a time for intellectual struggle through the pen. We agreed voluntarily to accept and be integrated back to the society as good citizens of the country, we are no more militants but Ex-agitators, and we don’t pursue our rights with guns any more.