The opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Plateau State has inaugurated its Campaign Council for the forthcoming Plateau South Senatorial By-Election. The Campaign Council is headed by the State party chairman, Hon. Chris Hassan, members of the state executive, national and state assembly members as well as stakeholders, all cutting across the three Senatorial zones of the state. The Campaign Council which comprises of 100 people is to ensure the victory of the party’s candidate in the 31st October 2020, RT. Hon. George Daika. Addressing stakeholders after inaugurating the Campaign Council, chairman of the party in the state, Hon. Chris Hassan, at the party’s Secretariat in Jos, appreciated the spirit of oneness exhibited by those who contested the primary election. “They have shown maturity and love for our great party, the PDP, as you can see all the four of them are here ready to ensure that we emerge victorious in the election. According to him, “If politics is done based on qualification, then our candidate RT. Hon. Daika is more than qualified. “And if you look at the positions he has occupied, he was a speaker of the state assembly and a former member of the House of Representatives, compared to his APC counterpart, who has never even held a Councillorship position, and was never a party person”, he explained. Hassan appealed to members to forget their differences and work towards the success of the party in the upcoming Senatorial By-Election, saying, “We must learn to forgive one another as far as we want to remain in politics”. Also speaking on behalf of the National Assembly caucus, Senator Istifanus Gyang urged members to replicate what happened recently in the gubernatorial election in Edo State. “This is the time for us as party faithful to ensure that we emerge victorious in the forthcoming Plateau South Senatorial Bye-Election. “We have enormous goodwill in all the LGAs in Plateau South, this is an opportunity for us to leverage on that by working as an indivisible entity to ensure victory for our candidate and our great party the PDP”.