As the international fixture between Nigeria and African Champions Algeria takes center stage, expectations and interest have been generated as both teams prepare for the Friday game. With the Super Eagles taking on the North Africans side after losing 2-1 in the semi-finals, the Nigerian fans would be keen to watch their
team with much optimism during the 90 minutes contest. Here comes the question: will the Super Eagles come up with a win when they square up against the talent of the Algerians? While the Eagles camp is bubbling with high spirit, the same could be likened to that of the Algerians that possess the services of Galatasaray midfield star Sofiane Feghouli as well as former FC Porto and Saudi Arabia based star Yacine Brahimi. The Algerian presents a tough side for the Super Eagles on Friday and this makes it an interesting contest as the game looms this weekend. The quality the North African side possesses would be a big hurdle for the Eagles team to deal with but Nigerians as always would be
expecting nothing less than victory. It will be a test of Gernot Rohr coaching ability as Nigeria would be boosted with the arrival of main skipper, Ahmed Musa. With the likes of Samuel Chukwueze, Moses Simon and Kelechi Iheanacho, Nigeria have got the ammunition to present ahead of the Africa duel. Rohr and his side would hope that the defenders would be at their best, even as Kevin Ufuoma Akpoguma could make his debut on Friday, after being cleared by FIFA. Despite the pedigree of the opposition, Nigeria is very much capable of getting over the Algeria side, especially with the impressive form
of the Super Eagles side. Despite the experience of absentees like Oghenekaro Etebo, Victor Osimhen (due to Napoli quarantine measure) and star midfield player
Wilfred Ndidi, the team can make do of other quality in the team. The talent of the likely debutants like Frank Onyeka and Chidera Ejuke could aid the proceeding for Nigeria. The strong defensive unit for Nigeria which comprises Semi Ajayi, Leon Balogun and Skipper William Troost-Ekong should see the
Super Eagles present a formidable defence in the friendly. And these players are capable of holding off the threat from the Algerians with the (positive) hope for a win in the contest.