Motorists in Bauchi State have been admonished to ensure that their vehicles are always in good conditions to avert road crashes. The state Director Motor Vehicle Administration, Engineer Kabiru Hussein, gave the admonition at a joint 2020 Ember months enlightenment campaign organised by the Nigeria Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) and the Road Transport Employers Association of Nigeria (RTEAN), held at the Bauchi Central Motor Park. According to him, the admonition should be taken seriously by drivers in view of the fact that cases of accidents are on the increase in recent times. He stated that accidents do occur mostly due to human factors, including over speeding, reckless driving, lack of proper maintenance of vehicles, overloading, among others. Hussein said many lives are lost to accidents not only in Bauchi State but also across Nigeria as a result of accidents. “Accidents occur on daily basis across the country and Bauchi State is not an exception. As a result, many lives have been lost,” he said. The ember months campaign, he said, is organised with a view to enlightening motorists, particularly commercial drivers on the need to obey traffic regulations. “We organised this ember months enlightenment campaign to educate motorists, particularly commercial drivers to adhere to traffic rules and regulations. “Accidents can be avoided if only we obey the traffic rules. Thus, we must do everything within our power as road users to limit the rate of crashes on our road, especially now that the ember months are around the corner,” he said. He further called on drivers to avoid overspeeding as well as reckless driving not only during the ember months but always. ‘Driving recklessly is another leading cause of accidents on our highways. We must avoid this as drivers to save lives,” he advised. In their separate remarks, the state chairman of the NURTW,
Ismaila Abubakar and his RTEAN counterpart, Abdullahi Mohammed, called on the Bauchi State government to provide operational vehicles to the two transport unions in all the 20 local government areas of the state to enhance their operations.