The UEFA Champions League takes centre stage on Wednesday as hostility ensures on the pitch. Yesterday was the opening evening of football at the European stage as some of the best teams played their respective oppositions on the occasion. The likes of Chelsea, Barcelona, Club Brugge and co were in action with the latter winning on the night, unlike Frank Lampard Chelsea side that began their European campaign with a draw. Ahead of today matches lined-up across Europe in the UEFA Champions League, DAILY POST takes a look at three key matches to look forward to earnestly. Bayern Munich vs. Athletico Madrid The Bavarian giants are on hand to make the season opener once again against Athletics Madrid. However, this time it’s not going to be an easy one as two of the best strikers in World football will be involved in the match. Robert Lewandowski would be expected to lead the Bayern Munich’s attack as Luis Suarez will do the same after joining Athletico Madrid from fellow rivals Barcelona. With the two world-class figures on the pitch in the company of complementary players like Thomas Muller (for Bayern) and Yannick Carrasco (for Athletic) expect good services from the duo alongside these two established strikers. And this will make it a fiesta as both has got the knack to raise the bar and match antecedents in a big match of the calibre. Ajax Amsterdam vs. Liverpool The Dutch giants will lock horns with the Premier League (giants) Champions as match vigour returns on Europe’s grandest stage. It will be more of a test and a big one for the Reds as they travel to Ajax without their influential centre-back Virgil van Dijk. It promises to be interesting how Liverpool would deal with the challenge after the 2-2 draw with Everton at the weekend. Liverpool’s inability to win the Mersey side derby could be attributed to Van Dijk injury as he limped off early in the game. And against an Ajax side who are not doing bad at the moment expected to see some memorable happenings on the pitch as we look forward to a defining moment in the match. Manchester City vs. FC Porto The Citizens would be favourite ahead of this duel but with the host has been disappointing when much was expected of them, anything would still happen in this fixture. FC Porto may have sold influential Brazilian left-back Alex Telles in the summer to Manchester United. But they’ve got a decent replacement in Nigerian left-back Zaidu Sanusi. The Porto side will fancy a surprise result against Manchester City at the Etihad just like Olympic Lyonnais did achieve at the quarter-final last season. However, with City beat Arsenal 1-0 at the weekend, there is hope for a tree (Manchester City) even if it is cut down as in (by Lyon) last time out.