Arsenal lost 0-1 at home to Leicester City as they couldn’t maximize the chances they had in the contest. Goals from Jamie Vardy 10 minutes to go ensured that Leicester City left the Emirates Arena with head held high in the 90th minute’s affair. It was a dismal result for Arsenal who are keen to qualify for the UEFA Champions League this season. Losing to Leicester may have signified a lot as Arsenal’s continue to progress along in the season. As the going may be getting tough for Arsenal, DAILY POST takes a look at the three significant things from the Arsenal’s lost 0-1 Brendan Rodgers Leicester City. Vardy reveals Arsenal’s shortcoming The Gunners couldn’t defeat Leicester City as the veteran striker Jamie Vardy stole the show after being set up for the only goal of the game in the 80th minute. David Luiz limped off for Mustafi and that defensive leakage was evident yet again even as Thomas Partey couldn’t do much to prevent Arsenal from conceding the goal following a lofted ball from the midfield into the Arsenal box. Mikel Arteta would have seen some of these shortcomings as his side went down to Brendan Rodgers men at home. Aubameyang continues goal drought The talented skipper who began the season with impressive goal against Liverpool in the Community Shield and Fulham in the League opener at Craven Cottage has seen the goal dry-up in his boots. He scored last in the first two EPL games and must find his scoring touch as Arsenal need goals at a time like this. It proved costly as he failed to get on the score sheet in the course of the match. The last time he went on such a poor goal run of 5 matches without a goal was at Borussia Dortmund in 2014. Manager Arteta could begin to get worried if this scenario goes beyond this month end for his star striker especially as key games are looming in the next couple of days for Arsenal. Arsenal lose Leicester record The Gunners may have had their way against Leicester City at home in time past but they failed to match this feat on Sunday evening. Having failed to lose to Leicester City at home since 1973, they gave away the positive run they had over the Foxes as Vardy stole the show late in the game. It was a bizarre one as the Londoners looked a shadow of themselves in the closing stages thus losing 0-1 to Jamie Vardy’s solitary header into the net despite Arsenal’s entire quality and team dominance in the match.