Bode George, a former Deputy Chairman of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), has demanded an investigation of Alpha Beta Consulting LLP. The firm handles the computation, tracking and reconciliation of Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) in Lagos State. The body reportedly gets 10-15 percent as commission on monthly revenue collection. Critics say with adequate manpower and capability, the job is what the Lagos Internal Revenue Service (LIRS) can effectively handle. They insist that delegating such responsibility to a private firm for a fee is a corrupt practice. Some have said despite America’s large population and the number of businesses, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) handles all tax issues, not a government-appointed consultant. Stating his position, Bode George said the commission Alpha Beta collects could be used for infrastructure development or injected into other sectors of the economy. The former Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Chairman also called for a probe of payments at Lekki toll gate controlled by the Lekki Concession Company (LCC) “Who owns the Alpha Beta? What is the essence of Alpha Beta? Where else in the world…you have an IRS and their staff who are supposed to go out and collect”, the retired Nigerian Navy Commodore told Arise TV “But now you have an independent company. Who owns that company supposedly collecting the internally generated revenue from a state. It grosses around 40-50 billion (Naira) a month. “You know how much that company is paid? 15 percent of it! Let’s say it’s 50 billion a month, 15 percent of that is 7.5 billion in 30 days going to a company. That is a leakage, that is sacrilegious. You can have your savings from that. “Now this (LCC operated) tollgate has been going on, you know how much they gross averagely a day and in a year? That would have paid off for that road”, George said. Video: Bode George wants to know who owns Alpha-Beta, a privately owned company which reportedly receives 10% commission for “computing, tracking and reconciling” Lagos State’s Internally Generated Revenue since the year 2000.
He said this during his interview with @ARISEtv today. pic.twitter.com/aqpGWWYSwA — THISDAY LIVE (@THISDAYLIVE) October 30, 2020