As you are about reading this article, it is important for you to ask yourself, why do I need to put millions of Nairas or thousands of dollars on a car and I still keep visiting auto-mechanics all the time? It is because the car dealers or auctioneers have been deceiving you for a very long time with the body of the car. We need to start looking beyond the body of any car from now on. Anytime you are going to the car dealer or you want to order any car from the USA, please ask for the CHASIS number. If any car dealer or auctioneer refuses to give you the VIN then leave immediately. It means you are about to buy a bad car. Nairavin.com Limited is an indigenous company (NOT A CAR DEALER OR AUCTIONEER) that has helped many people in Nigeria to avoid buying bad cars. Do you know that 75% of cars on Nigeria roads are cosmetically repackaged and sold for a very high amount? Do you know that most cars being sold by car dealers you patronize in Nigeria don’t even have airbags? Do you also know that most cars that are being sold in Nigeria have flood history? Why do you think you will ever enjoy a car with a high mileage? Anytime you are going to any car dealer to check any car, ask for the VIN or CHASIS number then you will be shocked by the reaction of the dealer. Reasons why you need a VIN /CHASIS check is for you to know if the car has the following: 1. To know if the airbag is intact or deflated. 2. To know if the car has a very sound engine or the engine has been rebuilt. 3. To know if the mileage/odometer is accurate or compromised or tampered with. 4. To know if the air-conditioner is working well or not. 5. To help you identify if the car is a clean title, salvage title or flood title. 6. To know the number of people that have used the car before it was imported to Nigeria. BELOW IS HOW IT WORKS 1. Log on to https://www.NairaVin.com 2. Sign up and create an account for yourself with a valid email address. 3. Activate your account through the valid email. 4. Fund your account and get a recharge card of N500 instantly. 5. Watch our video WHATSAPP ONLY 08093185000 Email:info@nairavin.com Website: www.nairavin.com