Chelsea would take on Sean Dyche’s Burnley side at the weekend as hostilities returns to the Premier League this weekend. Both sides had contrasting outings last weekend as Chelsea pulled off a positive result with a 0-0 encouraging draw at Manchester United. Whereas the Burnley side lost 0-1 against Tottenham Hotspur. The home side would be out for a real business at home, knowing Chelsea are not invincible after all, following their recent defensive woes already in the campaign. With Chelsea winning 0-4 in the UEFA Champions League midweek, a couple of players in the Blue side are in top form. Here, DAILY POST evaluates the three key players capable of shooting down Burnley at the Turf Moor this weekend. Christian Pulisic The talented forward has been impressive all along for Chelsea this season. His overall performance and the trickery he exhibited in setting up Tammy Abraham’s goal against Liverpool last season was exquisite. He came on from the bench and became a lifeline to his Chelsea side. Such form and attacking trend have likened him to former Chelsea star Eden Hazard. He’s just been an awesome signing for Chelsea even as he played a vital role in ensuring that the Blues qualified for the Champions League this term. Scoring against Krasnodar would be good for his form and confidence as Frank Lampard would certainly unleash him against the Burnley defence come kick-off this weekend. Timo Werner The talented German forward may have found his way into the Chelsea first eleven as he’s been starting game repeatedly in recent weeks. His goals against Southampton may have done enough though Chelsea drew 3-3 in the game. He also converted the Penalty after Penalty taker Jorginho missed from the spot. With the quality of fellow German international Kai Havertz, who is likened to the inform Mesut Ozil, we expected Werner to flourish in the attack as they visit Burnley in the Premier League. He would be out to add to his goal tally if things being equal as we look forward to an intriguing encounter come Saturday. Hakim Ziyech The Moroccan International would be the key figure ahead of this match for Chelsea. Ziyech would carry come of the Blues creative responsibility in tandem with Kai Havertz. But with the player having an eye for goal as we saw in midweek, Chelsea have got a bragging right going into this game. He has the quality to unsettle the Burnley defence. And that’s what Frank Lampard would be expecting from him as he gets set to make things happen for Chelsea on the pitch.