The founder of One Love Family, Satguru Maharaj Ji, has said that Nigerians have genuine reasons to be angry with the present government. He said the people had suffered gross deprivations and denials by their leaders. Maharaj Ji made this declaration while addressing journalists at a press conference held at the weekend in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital. Maharaj Ji, while reacting to various condemnations that trailed the recent increments in the price of petroleum and electricity tariff, said that Nigerians have good reasons to be angry. He said “No doubts, Nigerians have good reasons to be angry having suffered gross deprivations and denials by the leaders from enjoying their natural endowments given free by the Creator. But then, two wrongs cannot make a right. “Hence, I am appealing that organized Labour Movements must imbibe the culture of dialogue and exercise restraints in the way they go about seeking redress against social injustices meted out to Nigerians, with a view to effecting a turn around in the social conditions of the people. “Like I have always said, dialogue remains the best option in resolving issues for guaranteed peace and progress rather than calling out Nigerians on the streets. “On this note, I commend them for the show of maturity so far in resolving issues surrounding the hike in fuel price and electricity tariff. The tempo should be sustained till final victory is won, because any strike action this time will be counter-productive and will not augur well for state security, considering the precarious state of national economy, which is still wobbling under the yoke of COVID-19 global lockdown. “On the other hand, the government should wake up to its constitutional responsibilities to the people by introducing more palliative measures to cushion the harsh effects brought about by the fuel price increase and electricity tariff. “As a matter of fact, as part of its social responsibilities to the people, the Federal Government should take-over the power sector from the economic vampires who are currently toying with the fate of the common man and stalling our socio-economic development through epileptic power supply and arbitrary tariffs. “I have severally made it clear that as an oil producing nation, the pump price of petrol should be determined by the physical age of Mr. President. In other words, if Mr. President is 76 years, the pump price should be fixed at N76.00 per litre”.