The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, National Campaign Council for Ondo Governorship Election, on Monday, described the attempt by the state Governor Rotimi Akeredolu to compare himself to the highly revered statesman, Obafemi Awolowo, as sacrilegious, profane and extremely disrespectful. PDP made the remark while describing Akeredolu, the All Progressives Congress, APC, governorship candidate as a failed governor. The party stated this in a statement signed by its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan. According to Ologbondiyan: “PDP asserts that Akeredolu can never and will never be remembered like Chief Awolowo, the great national leading light, but will be remembered, after his defeat at the poll on Saturday, as that self serving governor who failed and betrayed his people when they needed him the most. “Governor Akeredolu’s pathetic attempt to use the name of Awolowo to beguile the Ondo people is indeed the highest desecration of the name and memory of the late patriot, who represents light, progressivism, development, welfarism, unity and social uprightness, which are manifestly lacking in Akeredolu’s brand of politics. “Of course, Governor Akeredolu is at best the opposite of Awolowo, Awolowo built schools, Akeredolu ran them down; Awolowo granted free education, Akeredolu increased school fees by more than 100 percent, Awolowo empowered the people, Akeredolu deprived and impoverished them, Awolowo built infrastructure and grew the economy, Akeredolu entrenched corruption and wrecked the economy of his state. “Awolowo believed in, cared for and respected the people but Akeredolu, in his arrogance, exposed his disdain for the people by declaring them his “enemies for life”. “Akeredolu should know that Awolowo never made fake promises; never deprived the people. Awolowo’s brand of politics was not about deception, highhandedness and recourse to violence as being witnessed in the Akeredolu regime. Rather, Awo made the good of the people the symbol and focus of his politics.”