The All Progressive Congress (APC) in Zamfara State has warned the Independent Electoral Commission (INEC) and the security agencies in the state to be mindful of the forthcoming Bakura by-election in the state. The APC lamented that the PDP has been boasting of an assumed victory even before the election. “Here, we are talking about an election that will be conducted on October 31st this year. INEC, the security agencies as well as the general public should take note of PDP utterances about the election that has not yet been conducted” “If the PDP feels that it has gained popularity in the state, let them come into the contest without planning of rigging, ballot snatching, intimidation and harassment of eligible voters. Then we will know who controls the soul of Zamfara politics” The party explained that free, fair, credible and acceptable by-election is not negotiable and should be ordained in the system, saying that nothing like the power of incumbency should be tolerated. According to the state chairman of the party, Hon. Lawali Liman Kaura, it is not a secret that Zamfara State is entirely an APC state, pointing out that PDP being the ruling party in the state did not win any election in the state but became the ruling party through divine intervention. The chairman disclosed this while addressing thousands of party supporters in Bakura town, Bakura Local Government Area of the state, saying that his party has concluded all strategies to regain its lost glory in 2023 general elections. Hon. Kaura noted that the Bakura by-election expected to be held on the 31st October 2020 would prove to PDP that APC is very much on ground in Zamfara State, stressing that the grassroots are the decisive gurus that have come to identity with APC. He maintained that APC members who defected to PDP recently are mere political jobbers and not real members of APC. “The diehard members of the APC are still intact irrespective of all odds. And we have been maintaining our mutual cooperation with the grassroots who have the majority votes and decide who and who should be elected” he said. “Even though we are very much aware that the security agencies are working against us because we are no longer in power but our numerous supporters, especially in the grassroots, are totally behind us” In his speech, the APC candidate, Hon. Bello Dan Kande Gamji commended the APC supporters for standing behind the party irrespective of all odds. He stated that if voted into power by October 31st, he would restore the lost glory of Bakura Local Government Area of the state from the state House of Assembly.