The Manchester United side started the season poorly and this has raised fears about Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s capacity to continue on the United hot seat. The scenario was made evident when they lost 6-1 to Jose Mourinho’s Tottenham Hotspur at Old Trafford. Such a big defeat have caused a question to be directed towards the United boss as some sects of the club are beginning to lose their patience with the legendary United striker. However, in the tough moment like the Red Devils and Solskjaer have found themselves, some players are looking to pull the strings, which would see Solskjaer remain firm as the club boss. Following this assertion concerning the Red Devils, DAILY POST takes a look at three exemplary players keeping United boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s job at Old Trafford. Bruno Fernandes (Attacking Midfielder) The Portuguese midfielder has been outstanding all seasons for Manchester Untied while admitting he changed his penalty approach early this season. That may be why he missed his spot-kick at the weekend against Newcastle. But he made amends scoring a goal to silence any criticism of his woes from the penalty duty. He inspired the win with a touch of class as they overcame the Magpies 1-4 at the St.James Park. He’s given the Red Devils entire side a facelift much as delivering manager Ole Gunner Solskjaer from pending criticism as the season continues to unravel for the Manchester United side. Marcus Rashford (Striker/Winger) The Manchester United forward was in superb form as they crawl their way back into the game at the weekend. He set up Bruno Fernandes goal and was on hand to make it 1-4 after a through ball into the Newcastle defence. He was exceptional thus laying off the ball for Bruno Fernandes to finish from the edge of the box. He’s been one of the players holding back the United board from issuing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer a marching order as the United manager. Rashford’s performance has encouraged the team on a general level while his contributions have been a delight for his boss who is keen on the job at a time like this. Aaron Wan-Bissaka (Right Full Back) The defender is one of the reasons United fans can smile home after match days as he’s put up a positive display for Manchester United already in this campaign. He was a delight to watch as he bumped forward to deliver crosses into the box. His attacking intent also complements his defensive recovery as he made his presence count at the weekend with a goal. What a strike it was from the defender as such precision and power could be difficult for any goalkeeper in this world to keep out in the course of a game.