Olusegun Bamgbose, Esq., National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG and a chieftain of the New Nigerian Peoples Party, NNPP, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari to brace up and follow the footsteps of great heroes of the country who fought for its unity. He called on Buhari to shun any form of ethnic bias and work assiduously to keep Nigeria as one indivisible nation. Bamgbose noted that there is nothing as good as living in an independent and self-sustaining nation but insisted that the leaders must eschew bias, and embrace togetherness. He noted that the hard-earned independence Nigeria enjoys today was made possible by great Nigerians, who were nationalists. “They were united in agitating for our independence. They are seen today as our heroes, they include Enahoro, Sir Ahmadu Bello, Nnamdi Azikiwe, Obafemi Awolowo, Sir Tafawa Balewa, just to mention a few. They gallantly fought for united Nigeria. In essence, our unity as a nation, is sacred and sacrosanct,” the senior lawyer said in during a chat with DAILY POST on Thursday. “It will be very unfortunate to allow any form of bias to destroy our hard-earned unity, as we celebrate our 60th Independence Anniversary. We urge President Buhari to brace up and follow the footsteps of our great heroes, who were great Nationalists. “He should note that, history and posterity are waiting to judge him after stepping down from power come 2023. He should eschew all forms of ethnic and religious bias, because they are capable of destroying our national unity. “He should always see himself as the father of the nation, not a particular section of the country. This is what can make our independence worth celebrating. We have been grappling with Biafra agitations, now we have Oduduwa Republic agitators. “It’s most likely that in a couple of months, some groups in the North could equally come up with agitation for Arewa Republic. These agitations will certainly not be in the best interest of the nation. “These agitations could be the direct results of the attitude of our leader vis-a-vis other regions in the country. Nigeria will certainly need a highly detribalised and devoted leader to take over power in 2023. “Obasanjo recently opined that Nigeria has never been divided as we have it today. Osinbajo equally said, there is a crack in the system, the Igbos are agitating for self-determination, because of marginalization. ”These are issues Buhari must look into. We can’t be unique, as a nation, without unity. We must not allow the labour of our heroes to go down the drain. We must not allow our differences, difficulties and diversities to destroy our unity. Our unity remains sacred and sacrosanct. “Nobody ever dictated to God the nation, tribe he or she wants to be born. It’s therefore ungodly for us to discriminate against anyone. We advise Buhari to shun any form of ethnic bias and work assiduously to keep Nigeria as one indivisible nation. “He will be leaving behind, an enduring legacy if he will do this. No price is too much to pay for Nigeria to remain united. I want to urge the agitators and advocators of Oduduwa and Biafra Republics to embrace one Nigeria, as we mark 60th Independence of Nigeria.”