Islamic human rights group, Muslim Rights Concern, MURIC, has blamed those it described as fifth columnists for the crisis currently rocking various states in the country. The #EndSARS protests turned bloody on Tuesday night after security agents opened fire at peaceful protesters at Lekki Toll Gate, Lagos State. This led to destruction of properties and loss of lives, particularly in Lagos. Many well-meaning individuals and organisations have since condemned the government decision to use force on the protesters and also appealed to the youths to allow peace to reign. And MURIC, in a statement issued to DAILY POST on Thursday, signed by its Director, Professor Ishaq Akintola, appealed for calm. While hailing the young Nigerians for demanding an end to police brutality, the Islamic rights group pleaded with them to step back to allow the government to actualize their demands. “They [Nigerian youth] showed ingenuity in the coordination of the welfare of fellow protesters thereby lending credence to the ‘not too young to rule’ mantra. “However, we are saddened by the carnage which attended the protests in the last 48 hours. The level of destruction and its geographical locations convince us that it was not the handiwork of the youths who started the demonstrations. “There are also strong indications that the attacks on prisons where hardened criminals were set free was not carried out by our young ones. Neither was it part of their plan. “Fifth columnists have infiltrated the rank and file of the protesters. The Lagos scenario is another cup of tea entirely. We are inclined to believe that the only logical explanation for the carnage in Lagos is the involvement of non-indigenes.” The group noted that the targeted places for the attack showed an inordinate desire for a pound of flesh. According to MURIC, the attacks on palace of the Oba of Lagos, TVC, The Nation newspaper, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu’s mother’s house, may have been a “combination of deliberate misquotation and political motivation. We condemn this wanton destruction.” Calling for calm on all sides, MURIC urged the security agencies to stop killing young Nigerians. “It is the criminals who infiltrated the demonstrators who must be identified. The security agencies must separate the wheat from the chaff…” the group said.