The Oyo State Police Command on Friday said that some hoodlums have carted away some police arms and ammunitions. DAILY POST gathered that there was a confrontation between some policemen and some angry Nigerians who were protesting against police brutality on Tuesday in Ibadan. Also on Thursday, there was a confrontation between some policemen and some angry youths. The state police command has, however, revealed that some arms and ammunitions belonging to the state police command have been taken away by some hardened criminals. Commissioner of Police, Mr. Joe Enwonwu in a statement made available to DAILY POST on Friday, described the act as dangerous and inimical to the general safety of residents in the state. Enwonwu in the statement signed by Public Relations Officer of the command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi advised parents/guardians and all stakeholders to warn their children/wards to desist from acts that can lead to breakdown of law and order in the state. He assured the people of the state to go about their lawful businesses without any fear of threats or molestation from any quarters. He maintained that military and other sisters security agencies are complementing the efforts of the Police. He said, “The Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Command, CP. Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu psc, has been moved with deep concerns that despite repeated pleas and advice to the End SARS protesters, traditional rulers, religious leaders, leaders of thought that miscreants/disgruntled elements would hijack the protests and capitalize on the situation to unleash mayhem on innocent citizens. It was clear that, all that were envisaged had actually come to pass. He stated further that, undue hardships, needless deaths were meted out to some Police officers/innocent citizens in Oyo State. “Consequent upon this, the CP wishes to further implore genuine protesters to yield to the plea of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency, Muhammadu Buhari, GCFR and the Oyo State Governor Engr. Seyi Makinde, Fnse to stop the protests forthwith to prevent needless deaths occasioned by the activities of miscreants who are using it as an opportunity to carry out co-ordinated attacks to loot people’ properties, but allow for a while for government attention to all their demands. “The CP wishes to inform the general public that, due to the incessant attacks on the Police Stations and Police personnel, some Police arms and ammunitions have been carted away by hardened criminals. This act is extremely dangerous and can be inimical to our general safety and co-operate existence, and in lieu of this, he wishes to plead with all and sundry within and outside Ibadan metropolis to be on the lookout for those enemy of progress to promptly report any group/individual who are not Police/military/other security agencies personnel in possession of such arms and ammunition and report to the nearest Police station or other sister security agencies immediately for recovery and necessary action. “In conclusion, the CP wishes to continue to advise parents/guardians and all stakeholders to warn their children/wards to desist from acts that can lead to breakdown of law and order and wanton destructions to lives and property. He equally assures the good people of Oyo State to go about their lawful businesses without any fear of threats or molestation from any quarters as the military and other sisters security agencies are complementing the efforts of the Police, while he strictly warns those criminal elements that hijacked Police arms during the protests to have a rethink and quietly return the prohibited firearms immediately before the full weight of the law catches up with them.”