The authorities of the Bayelsa Police Command have arrested a mobile cash point operator, popularly known as POS operator over the mysterious death of a 19-year-old sales girl in Yenagoa, the state capital. DAILY POST gathered that the deceased, identified as Rejoice Abaribote, from Yenagoa area of the state, was alleged to have been accused by her employer, the POS operator, of illegal transfer of some unspecified amount of money to unknown persons without his authority or explanation after the transaction. It was also learnt that the incident, which occurred last Friday at about 1.30pm, occurred at the POS stand of the suspect located along the DSP Alameiseigha Road popularly known as Hospital Road in Yenagoa. The employer, who is also identified as Dennis Levi, was alleged to have locked her up in his office and subjected her to series of interrogation instead of notifying the parents who signed the surety before her employment or take her to the law enforcement agents. It was gathered that the deceased later died in a mysterious manner and alleged to have committed suicide. The employer was alleged to have claimed that the deceased took a deadly believed to be sniper. A family member of the deceased girl, names withheld, confirmed the incident, insisting that the POS operator has been handed to the Police for further investigations. The source said, “We were shocked that the employer of our sister came to the house to inform us that she committed suicide in his office and claimed that she transferred some of his money to unknown persons. “The accused came to the deceased father’s house three days after the incident to inform them that our sister and daughter died from suicide. He claimed that she transferred N200,000. Later, he said it was N150,000.” When contacted on the development, the Spokesman of the Bayelsa Police Command, Asinim Butswat, confirmed the incident and said the suspect is in the custody of the Area Divisional headquarters, adding that “investigations are ongoing. “