The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Council, OYC, has said the continued negative utterances of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu has put the lives and properties of Ndigbo in the north and Southwestern in danger. OYC says the IPOB leader has deviated from the peaceful approach of a non-violent struggle traditionally adopted by Biafra agitators with the blessing of the Igbo legend, Late Dim Odumegwu Ojukwu. The Igbo socio-cultural youth group, in a statement signed by its Secretary-General, Mazi Okwu Nnabuike on Monday, berated Nnamdi Kanu and reiterated its avowed commitment to resisting further attempt by IPOB to venture into Nigeria project through the backdoor and create a breeding ground for the declaration of State of Emergency in the South-South and South-East geopolitical zones. The statement partly quoted OYC as saying, “the fall of Nnamdi Kanu is near. The IPOB leader should retreat now and tender an unreserved apology to Ndigbo for endangering their lives through inflammatory statements and also for inciting violence in Aba and Oyibo in Rivers State while his house is safe in Afaraukwu. “More importantly, Nnamdi Kanu has successfully destroyed Aba through inflammatory directives while there is no evidence of killings and destruction of properties in his hometown in Afaraukwu. Are Aba Ngwa youths not seeing clearly that they are being used in Aba while Afaraukwu is untouched? The End SARS protest is purely a Nigerian youth movement, not Biafran struggle. The protest is aimed at addressing the abnormalities in Nigeria. The attempt by Sowore, Kanu and others to infiltrate themselves with the Lekki toll gate massacre were resisted by youths of the Yoruba extraction. “Nnamdi Kanu craftiness and bogus claims has put many lives of igbos in danger, and igbos can see that IPOB has justified the reasons why the organization was proscribed and gazetted with terrorist tag. “The days of reckoning are fast approaching, and inevitably near when Kanu will no longer influence for his game and fortunes seeking games using Biafra agitation as a tool. OYC has uncovered from intelligence gathering that United Kingdom, UK is now breeding ground for separatist rebels like Omoloye Sowore of RevolutionNow, Nnamdi Kanu of IPOB and the new boy Adesanya Grandson of YYF”.