Olusegun Bamgbose, National Coordinator, Concerned Advocates for Good Governance, CAGG, has raised alarm, calling the attention of the Federal Government to an alleged attempt by Unity Schools to swindle the government of its revenue. The call follows the Federal Government directive that students of the 104 Unity Schools across the country, should resume for academic work on Monday, 12th October. Bamgbose pointed to circulars by Unity Schools, that parents and guardians should pay school fees of their wards directly to school account, as against, Treasury Single Account, TSA. The administration of President Muhammadu Buhari in 2015 mandated that all local and foreign government receipts and revenues, including school fees, payable to all federal institutions should be made directly to specific accounts at the Central Bank. A sample of circular sent to parents was cited as saying, ‘Dear Parents/Guardians, Please be informed that school will resume as follows: Sun. 11th Oct. SS1 & 2, Mon. 12th Oct. SS3 Students. Please bring these compulsory items: facemasks, hand sanitizer, receipt of payment of sch fees paid into school account (and not Tender or Refund), PTA levies & all items listed in the newsletter. Management’. And in a statement to DAILY POST on Tuesday, the senior lawyer demanded that there would be need for urgent clarifications by the Federal Government before parents and guardians will comply with such directives from the Unity Schools. “Parents will want to know, whether the Federal Government is aware of this. On the other hand, in view of the fact that this third term, might be the shortest one in the history of Nigeria, the Government would do well, to relieve the parents and guardians, the burden of paying school fees for third term, knowing fully well that they will still have to pay for first term in a matter of days. “The parents are still grappling with the COVID-19 effect, paying school fees for two terms in a matter of days will create unnecessary hardship for them. “I urge the government to seriously look into this. The Federal Government should spare the parents of the burden of paying fees for third term. This will be a big relief for them,” he said.