The Ogun State Government has opposed the call by a group identifying itself as Young Yoruba For Freedom (YYF) that Igbo indigenes should quit Yoruba land within 48 hours. The state government said its attention was drawn to the video making the rounds on social media posted by the group led by one Adeyinka Grandson. While priding itself as a responsible government, the Ogun State Government said it considers such a pronouncement barbaric, reckless and irresponsible. A statement made available to DAILY POST and signed by the Chief Press Secretary to Governor Dapo Abiodun, Kunle Somorin, on Sunday said “Ogun will remain home to all Nigerians and foreigners who have a legitimate reason to live, work, visit or do business here. We shall also protect their lives and properties and look after their wellness, welfare and wellbeing.” According to Somorin, it is a well-known fact that Yoruba, especially of Ogun State extraction are cosmopolitan, urban and too civilized to discriminate against people on account of their ethnic origin or circumstances of birth. “We believe YYF’s position neither represent the views of the Yoruba race that is reputed to be accommodating, tolerant and refined. YYF is definitely not speaking for the Yorubas and the good people of Ogun state,” he said The state government warned the YYF and their collaborators to stop fanning the embers of discord, disunity and creating unpleasant aggression against Nigerians from other parts of the country who have investments in the state, saying “Ogun state will always be home to people who wish to live, play or do business here.” “Ethnic jingoists are, therefore, advised in their own interest to desist from heating up the polity, creating tension or providing excuses for their nefarious agenda. “We have put security people on red alert to be more vigilant and to arrest any agent provocateur and to protect lives and properties. “Police and other security agents have the backing of the State to deal decisively and apprehend felons disguising as Yoruba irredentists and stop them from their campaign of calumny, looting, maiming, burning and destroying public and private properties,” the statement concluded.