The Champions League took center stage in midweek as action ensued on the pitch across Europe. The Tuesday and Wednesday fixtures produced scintillating encounters as we expected with all English sides recording wins in all ramifications. Manchester United and Manchester City triumphed over RB Leipzig and Olympic Marseille while Juventus lost at home to Lionel Messi’s FC Barcelona. Here, DAILY POST evaluates some of these outstanding displays with respect to the four players of the week in Europe’s leading competition. Joao Felix (Athletico Madrid 3-2 RB Salzburg) The Portuguese star was terrific against Austrian side Red Bull Salzburg at the Vicente De Calderon Arena. With the game slipping away from their hand owing to an own goal from Felipe, he rose up to the challenge to steer his side to victory. He inspired the comeback win with two goals to ensure a 3-2 for the Spanish giants. Diego Simeone and his side would be delighted with his performance as he gave them a face-lifting three points having lost 4-0 to Bayern Munich on Match Day 1 of the UEFA Champions League campaign. He scored both goals in the 52nd and 85th minute of the game to ensure the win. Duvan Zapata (Atlanta 2-2 Ajax Amsterdam) The 29-year-old striker produced a magnificent showing on the pitch as he drew his side back in the game. Though going 2-0 down to Dutch giants Ajax Amsterdam, he scored twice in the second half to tie the match at 2-2. The first goal came from a dipping header while the second resulted from a left foot shot in the right top corner which the Ajax shot stopper couldn’t deal with. In the end, it was enough to salvage the game for Atlanta as they prepared for the double header against Liverpool in the next round of fixtures in Europe. Moise Kean (Istanbul Basaksehir 0-2 PSG). The Italy international proved useful in front of goal as they secured a 0-2 away win at Turkish giant Istanbul. Keane profited from the good work delivered by French star Kylian Mbappe to net twice in the game. It was an amazing performance from the youngster as Everton could now see what they are missing in leaving the Italian to move away from the club. Though Neymar was replaced in the 26th minutes by Pablo Sarabia, but the PSG side wasn’t perturbed as Moise Keane and Kylian Mbappe were able to do the business upfront owing to their impressive displays on the pitch. Marcus Rashford (Manchester United 5-0 RB Leipzig) The Old Trafford side recorded an impressive 5-0 win at home thanks to the credible performance the entire United side had in the game. But it was all down to star forward Marcus Rashford as he profited from an assist from fellow forward Anthony Martial to complete his hat-trick. Though it was talented youngster Mason Greenwood that opened the scoring in the 21st minutes, Bruno Fernandes assisted Rashford’s first goal with Fred making the second one. In the end Rashford proved decisive, reminding Arsenal about how ready they are ahead of the weekend fixture and also how tough it can get for them when they meet on Sunday in the Premier League. Man-of-the match star Marcus Rashford took the match ball at the blast of the final whistle as he showed conviction to dispatch his chance in front of goal to the benefit of the Red Devils side at home.