The Bauchi State Governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed has expressed satisfaction with the peaceful conduct of the ongoing local government elections in the state. The governor stated this after he cast his vote at his polling unit at Central Primary School, Duguri, in Duguri District of Alkaleri Local Government Area of the state alongside his wife, Hajiya Aisha Mohammed. He expressed optimism that his party, the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) will emerge victorious across the state. “I have seen how the election is going on smoothly and peacefully and I thank the people of Bauchi for their compliance to electoral guidelines,” the governor told journalists. He said the conduct of the elections is in fulfilment of his campaign promise of conducting the polls to ensure adherence to the rule of law. “This election is in fulfilment of my promises to Nigerians that we will conduct the most credible election not because we are better but is for us to go back to the rule of law and fear of Allah. I am so much happy that at least we are salvaging our promises.” He insisted that the election is conducted peacefully and in accordance with the Electoral Act and the guidelines set by the Bauchi State Independent Electoral Commission (BASIEC). According to Governor Mohammed, BASIEC is conducting its assigned responsibilities without any interference from the state government. He revealed that his administration did nothing to tamper with the electoral body’s board set up by the previous administration in the state. This, he stated, he did believe that members of the board are Bauchi State indigenes, adding that he did not want to be partisan. “So far there have been no incidents I have heard. These are local government elections. “The Board of BASIEC was set up by my predecessor and I allowed them to continue believing that they are Bauchi State indigenes and it is not about partisan exercise, but about making sure we go for the rule of law
and those in the Commission should not be partisan,” he submitted. Governor Mohammed then called on Nigerians to work together for the progress, peace, security and the development of the country. The governor and his wife cast their votes at about 12pm due to late arrival of election materials in the area.