An Ibadan Chief, Oloye Taofeek Adegboyega Adegoke, on Thursday, advised the leadership of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and Trade Union Congress (TUC) to set a committee that will monitor the usage of money being removed from payment of subsidy by the federal government of Nigeria. Adegoke noted that this is necessary in order to ensure that all the money being used to pay subsidy which have been removed are used for infrastructural development. He spoke while delivering a paper entitled “Nigeria at 60: Challenges and prospects” at an event to commemorate the 60th independence anniversary organized by Oyo State Council of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) in Ibadan. At the event were Chief Adeniyi Akintola (SAN and NUJ Chairman, Mr. Ademola Babalola. Adegoke, who is the Ajia Balogun of Ibadan land advised NLC and TUC to set up a team that will ensure that the money removed from payment of subsidy is being used for development of the country. While supporting the removal of subsidy from petroleum, Adegoke insisted that the money being pay as subsidy have been going into private pockets. He said that the removal of subsidy will bring more employment opportunities for the youths. “The subsidy money have been going into private accounts. People will buy tankers, go and claim subsidy and divert the fuel to other countries. People will take empty tanker and claim subsidy. Many people have been going to Abuja to claim subsidy. People are going to Abuja on monthly basis in the name of subsidy. “I advised the labour leaders, NLC, TUC to make sure that the money that have been removed from payment of subsidy is used judiciously. They should make sure that they use the money well. If you spent three years to prepare for madness, when are you going to practicalise it. “Yes, I said it that government should remove subsidy. Now, it has been removed, the labour unions should make sure that the money is diverted for building schools, hospitals and other infrastructural projects. What labour should do is to set up a team to be part of the monitoring of the money to ensure that the money is managed well. “The removal of subsidy will bring more jobs. There will be more employment opportunities because many people will build refineries. The money of subsidy have been going to private accounts in the past”. Babalola in his welcome address, urged journalists in the country to continue to keep those in positions of authority on their toes, be more responsible and accountable in their dealings to the masses. “We are in pains and totally unhappy as the country recently occupies an unenviable position as the poverty capital of the world. What of the mind-boggling corruption in the land; insecurity which led to unending insurgencies which had made Nigeria as a potentially terrorists-ravaged nation? “Should we even talk of the divisions across the land with drums of secession brewing loud and clear. Just about two hours ago, some Yoruba youths who are protagonists of secessionist agenda were apprehended in Lagos State by the law enforcement agents. “Yet we must keep hope alive and as journalists, we must continue to keep those in positions of authority on their toes, to be more responsible and accountable in their dealings to the masses, in line with the mandate of the media as enshrined in the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (Section 22) as amended”.