Again, some suspected militia have struck in a community in Kogi Local Government Area of the state, killing three persons, while several others sustained degrees of injuries. The incident happened in Okofi Community under Kogi Local Government Area in the early hours of Thursday. Recent report leading to the killing of three persons in the community is coming on the heels of the weekend attack with people alleging a reprisal or cross boarder attack. It was reliably gathered that the attack was carried out while worshipers in the community were observing their early morning prayers. Unconfirmed report revealed that many persons including the Chief Imam of Okofi may have been killed in the early morning attack, with the report speculating a reprisal attack. There has been an alleged running battle between the Bassa and the Ebira communities, with a militia of one of the tribes allegedly ‘fingered’ in this attack. The unidentified gunmen along Kpareke- Agbudu- Agaga road were said to have ambushed a vehicle conveying some Bassas who were last weekend returning from Lokoja market to their community. DAILY POST learnt that the attack has caused much tension in and around the local government with people living in fear. Meanwhile, security personnel have been drafted to the area to avert further attack. The Kogi State Police Public Relations Officer, PPRO, DSP William Ovye Aya confirmed the attack to DAILY POST on Thursday. “The commissioner of Police, Edeh Ayuba has directed the Divisional Police Officer, DPO, to move to the area where the sad incident occurred to avert further break down of law and order. We are yet to get information on the numbers of people killed. “We don’t know those behind the attack but the CP has directed the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of investigation to commence investigation on the attack and to ensure that the Police unravels those behind the attack,” he said. Recall that about seven persons were said to have been killed and several others injured by unidentified gunmen along Kpareke- Agbudu- Agaga road of the same local government area few days back. It could also be recalled that in July, a similar attack took place in Agbudu community in Kogi-Koton-Karfe Local Government Area of Kogi State, killing 14 persons and injuring six.