President Muhammadu Buhari has stated that Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State will emerge victorious at the coming Saturday governorship election in the state. President Buhari stated this on Wednesday during the grand finale campaign rally of the All Progressives Congress, APC ahead of the poll. The President, who spoke through virtual connection, said that “our candidate (Gov Akeredolu) is a good brand to market. His performance and approach to governance is endearing. “Governor Akeredolu deserves to be re-elected. He deserves the mandate for the benefit of Ondo people.” On his part, the National Caretaker Chairman of the APC, Mai Mala Buni, urged the people to come out enmass to vote for APC and Akeredolu to sustain continuity of progress in Ondo state. Also, the Governor of Kogi State, Yahaya Bello said Akeredolu will win across the 18 local government areas of the state. “Governor Akeredolu has done excellently well. That is why we want continuity in Ondo State so that he continues to deliver on the good governance. “Don’t be intimidated. We will do it again like we won in 2016. All the APC Governors are going to give their support to Akeredolu. All our opponents should relax and wait for next season. We are going to win every polling unit. The vote is going make a lot of sound on Saturday.” Akeredolu appreciated President Buhari, his Vice, Yemi Osinbajo, all APC governor’s and leaders and the people of the state for their support in the last four years. He said the giant strides recorded by his administration will ensure his victory in the Saturday election, assuring the people of more developmental projects in his second term. Some of the governors at the event included, Abubakar Bello (Niger) Solomon Lanlong (Plateau) Abdulrasak Abdulrahman (Kwara) Babagana Zulu (Borno) Nasir el-Rufai (Kaduna) Umaru Ganduje (Kano) Inuwa Yayah (Gombe) Atiku Bagudu (Kebbi). Others were, Babajide Sanwo Olu (Lagos) Abubakar Nassau (Jigawa) and former governor Abdul Aziz Yari of Zamfara and ministers.