A former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, has said his kids stopped him from exposing his wife’s alleged infidelity. The PDP chieftain who warned his estranged wife to stop releasing damaging scandals geared towards the destruction of their children’s future said he was pushed to open up on her alleged infidelity on Saturday. Recall that Fani-Kayode had alleged that he caught his wife in bed with a married man. He said this while responding to a video which surfaced online of him allegedly abusing his estranged wife. However, in a series of tweet on Sunday, Fani-Kayode said there were facts, witnesses, and evidence available for the courts. “I have chosen to take the high horse and I refuse to allow my estranged wife to turn the affairs of my personal life into a public circus. If she has any issues, let her use the right medium as a responsible adult and mother and stop secretly feeding the media with damaging scandals geared towards the destruction of our children’s future. “I have kept quiet in order to protect my children, I have covered all her madness over the past 7 years & not once did I expose her. But the facts are there & the witnesses & evidence are readily available for the courts. “I broke my silence yesterday only because my hand has been forced. Rather than focusing on the problem of brutality & evil plaguing our country, or the myriad of other issues holding citizens hostage, some people would prefer to spread and partake in what amounts to celebrity gossip & chopped videos. Who in Nigeria does this benefit? What is the use? “Those involved in this smear campaign are begging for further responses which I will not give them. My private relationship & any disagreements therein are just that: PRIVATE. “I have learned my lesson on feeding into parasocial media culture. My children & their dignity comes first & I refuse to help these individuals tarnish their image any further. The ringleader of this media scandal and his/her collaborators may continue polluting news.”