Senator representing Ogun Central Senatorial district, Ibikunle Amosun has said that the elites and politicians were surreptitiously working to divide Nigeria. In an interview with journalists in his office on Wednesday on his perspective of the nation at 60, the lawmaker and former governor of Ogun State came down hard on the government, saying, life in Nigeria has been a blend of “twist and thorns,” “Well, I will like to say that it is twist and thorns ; what I call sweet and sour. There are some downs and certainly we’ve had many ups than downs. He said Nigerians have been living in the realms of “desire” amidst
mounting challenges, but added that he was optimistic that the challenge would one day go away. “And for me, I’m an incurable optimist. I know, yes we have our challenges, but ultimately, we are going to triumph. “We are going to have a Nigeria of our dream. Of course, the foundation is being laid now; I argue this any time I have the opportunity to say this. I will mention it, yes, clearly we are not where we should be but I can safely say, confidently too that now the building blocks for development is being laid now and so, I’m sure we are going to get there.” Reacting to how the nation can be healed, he insisted that the elites and politicians remain the brain-box of Nigeria’s problems, saying, common Nigerians see themselves as one. His words: “I think, if truth must be told, it’s more from us the elite really for me an average Nigerian see themselves as one. You won’t even know who is a Muslim or Christian. “I remember growing up and in school, we didn’t even know the difference between both. So I think it’s more of from people like us; the politicians; the elites that tend to dwell more on what divides us, than may be concentrating on those things that unite us. “Nigeria, we are lucky because of our diversity, how many nations can boast of may be our population; our diversity; our human capital; the endowed natural resources? “How many countries of the world can lay claim to this, but again just like you said, we all must come together and see ourselves as one and once that is done, there is no height that we cannot attain.”