A former aide to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, Reno Omokri, has said that David Adeleke, popularly known as Davido, was ‘diplomatic’ during his meeting with the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu on Monday. Omokri said this while reacting to Davido’s denial of being part of the Nigerians that participated in the protest, calling for the end of the Special Anti Robbery Squad, SARS, protest in Abuja. Davido, who was seen at the protest ground on Sunday in Abuja, disclosed that he was in the nation’s capital because of his fans and he came to the protest venue to calm things down. The 27-year-old singer had insisted that he wanted an open-door meeting, but the IGP said, “How can you come here for a close-door meeting when you were protesting yesterday, and you identified with the protesters? Davido responded, “I didn’t protest. I was not there to protest. I was there to calm things down because the protesters are my fans.” However, Adamu maintained that Davido had taken an action that projected him as playing a true voice for young people, adding that the agenda of the meeting needed to be streamlined. Recall that Adamu on Sunday, announced the disbandment of SARS, following days of online and offline protests. https://dailypost.ng/2020/10/11/breaking-igp-adamu-bows-to-pressure-disbands-sars/ Reacting, Omokri in a series of tweets, applauded Davido for coming out to associate with Nigerians during #End SARS protests, adding that he was proud of him. He also said that Davido displayed wisdom and not cowardice at the IGP’s office. Omokri tweeted on Monday: “I just watched the video of @Davido. What I read in the media was hyperbole. He was not jittery. Yes, he was diplomatic. There’s nothing wrong with that. It is not cowardice. It’s wisdom. Scripture teaches that. Those accusing him of betraying #SARSMUSTEND are being unkind to him. “How many celebrities came out to identify with #SARSMUSTEND protesters? I don’t need to mention names. Some even defended SARS! And you’re here criticising @Davido, who risked his life to identify with protesters because he applied wisdom. And you expect more celebrities to join? “Retweet this to appreciate @Davido for coming out to associate with Nigerians during #SARSMUSTEND protests and shame those sons of Belial who are spinning his wisdom as cowardice and his diplomacy as hypocrisy. If my son behaved as Davido did at that meeting, I’d be PROUD of him!”