The Anambra State Government has given support to the aspiration of Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala to become the Director General of World Trade Organisation. The government also urged President Muhammadu Buhari to quickly launch a diplomatic offensive against President of United States of America, Donald Trump for constituting himself as a stumbling block against Okonjo-Iweala’s aspiration, despite glaring popularity. In a press release signed by Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C. Don Adinuba, the government called on the president to act. He said, “Despite the President Donald Trump Administration’s refusal to support her (Okonjo-Iweala’s) election as the Director General of the World Trade Organization (WTO) in a process which requires consensus from all she stands a good chance of heading the organization. “All which is needed is a great diplomatic offensive before the formal announcement of the winner on November 9. The people and government of Anambra State, therefore, call upon President Muhammadu Buhari and other African leaders to immediately set in motion the machinery to get the United States to do the right thing by supporting the most qualified and the most popular candidate. “Dr Okonjo-Iweala, former World Bank Managing Director and an alumnae of Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who chairs the boards of Twitter and Gavi Alliance Vaccines and Immunization, has the support of 106 countries, both low- and high-income. Earlier this week, the 27-member European Union declared support for her. “The Trump administration wants South Korean Trade Minister Yoo Myung-hee who has the support of only 55 nations, about 50% of Okonjo-Iweala’s vote. It need not have its way. It is difficult to understand why the Trump Administration should be on a collision course with Africans on international assignments. “The people and government of Anambra State are of the opinion that President Buhari needs to do more urgently to mobilize not just African leaders but also the EU and, indeed, the rest of the world to get the United States to do the right thing,” he said.