Liverpool will play host to Sheffield United this weekend as they hope to return to winning ways in the Premier League. The English Champions have picked up just one point and shipped in nine goals in their last two matches against Aston Villa (7-2) and Everton (2-2). However, they are unbeaten in their last 61 Premier League games at Anfield, taking 62 points from the last 84. And they host a Sheffield United side with one point and two goals to their name this season. Here DAILY POST takes a look at how Jurgen Klopp could line-up for the contest. Absent: Virgil Van Dijk (knee), Alisson Becker (shoulder), Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (knee) Possible: Sadio Mane (leg), Thiago Alcantara (knee), Naby Keita (Coronavirus), Joel Matip (muscle), Kostas Tsimikas (thigh). Saturday’s clash with the Blades would bring an end to Virgil Van Dijk’s run of starting the last 94 Premier League games for the Reds. While Wednesday’s win over Ajax may have quenched concerns about how they perform without the Dutch defender. With Joel Matip out due to injury, Fabinho filled in alongside Gomez and his performance could earn him a starting place against the visitors. The defender could be available, but Jurgen Klopp may not risk over his slight muscle problem given how light he is as a centre back alternative. Former Bayern Munich star Thiago Alcantara will undergo a late fitness diagnosis prior to this game. He missed out from the trip to Ajax in midweek with a knee injury he picked up owing to Richarlison’s red card challenge against the Toffees. Like Matip, Klopp is unlikely to take any risk with his fitness concerned laid bare, but his injury is not thought to be much of a problem. And this could see him return to the fold in what would be his first game at Anfield for the Reds. Jordan Henderson should return to the lineup even though he was considered fit enough for 45 minutes during the week. Guinea star man Naby Keita is expected to be present again and he could go straight into the Liverpool first team after Dutch’s Georginio Wijnaldum played the full 90 minutes of an intriguing contest in midweek. Liverpool boss was able to substitute Liverpool front three (Mane, Salah, Firmino) at the 60minutes of the Ajax encounter and all the three should start again the Sheffield visitors. Senegalese star Mane did ice on his leg following his withdrawal, but Klopp was quick to allay fears over his fitness. He’s insisted that the winger had a dead leg which was not causing him serious problems though. Adrian will once again start between the sticks with Alisson still out of this match, while noting that the Brazilian could be back before month-end. Liverpool vs. Sheffield United: How Liverpool Could Line-Up Against Sheffield United Adrian; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joe Gomez, Fabinho, Andrew Robertson; Jordan Henderson, Naby Keita; Thiago Alcantara; Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane; Roberto Firmino.