Former Governor Gbenga Daniel of Ogun State on Friday declared his support for Nigerian youths who have been on the streets to call for an end to police brutality and operations of the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) unit of the Nigeria Police Force, DAILY POST reports. Gbenga Daniel, in a statement on his social media handles, said “#ENDSARS is the subjective condition for an impending revolution on the journey towards restructuring of our country’s political system.” The former Governor said he shared in the pains of the Nigerian youth, who he said have been victims of unemployment, poor education and poor economy for long. “I share in the pains of Nigerian youth who for long have been victims of social deprivations such as limited opportunities, unemployment, poor economy and education,” he noted. As leaders, Daniel opined that, “we need to listen clearly to them; we must match our words and with the appropriate actions,” saying “#EndPolicebrutality.” DAILY POST reports that the relaunched Abeokuta protest has continued to gather momentum with celebrities and aides of Gov Dapo Abiodun joining the protesters. While they barricade the Okemosan-Kuto road as well as the Panseke-Ibara road, some aides of Gov Abiodun joined to identify with the protesters, who have since remained law-abiding. Earlier today the Senior Special Assistant to Gov Abiodun, Emmanuel Ojo; Consultant to the Governor on Media, Ogunpola Damilola and the Special Assistant to the Governor on Youths, Lamide Lawal, were all at the NNPC junction, in Abeokuta, venue of the protest. Celebrities like Kiss Daniel, Yemi Sodimu and others were also at the rally, which has brought about gridlock in the state capital. DAILY POST recalls that the End SARS protest has taken a new dimension in Ogun State as residents are already calling for the repair of roads, especially in Ota axis. Meanwhile, Gov Abiodun said he is “assuring #EndSARS protesters in Ogun State of their right to peaceful protest, protection, and our identification with their demands. “Mo ti sọ̀rọ̀ sókè. #EndSARS #EndPoliceBrutality,” Abiodun added.