Chelsea face a torrid match on the road this weekend as they test themselves against the might of the inform Red Devils side at home. The Manchester United side would be expected to make team reshuffling even as they get set to deal a blow to Frank Lampard’s Blues side on Saturday. The Blues may not be in top gear but keeping a clean sheet against a Sevilla side despite playing at home could be well encouraging. Ben Chilwell and Veteran centre back Thiago Silva would be delighted with Chelsea’s defensive performance while they’ve been criticized for their poor run in the 3-3 draw with Southampton last weekend. But as the match draws near, DAILY POST underlines the real reasons Chelsea has got a good chance to win the game. Expectations On United’s Shoulder Chelsea can get something out of this match even though they are off-form following recent draws with Southampton (3-3) and Sevilla (0-0). But with United winning emphatically against Newcastle more also with the Champions League success against PSG, much will be expected from them against Chelsea. These high expectations from various sects could heap the pressure on United’s shoulders unlike Chelsea who had their purple patch already in the campaign. The Blues may come into the game as underdogs even though they know they can pull a great result in the 90 minutes. And this could be to their advantage going into the crunch match for real. N’Golo Kante Major Return Manchester United may have beaten PSG as well as the Magpies last time but they’ve got to acknowledge the threat Chelsea can present on their day. The return of N’Golo Kante would be an obvious boost to the Chelsea side which relatively struggled defensively on the pitch like we’ve seen in recent weeks. The defence line of Chelsea is still trying to integrate within the mix with Thiago Silva joining from the French side, PSG as a free agent. While Ben Chilwell was signed from Brendan Rodgers Leicester City side. But Kante’s defensive recovery in the middle can be a tonic for Chelsea as he’s got the knack to break up opposition play in aplomb. He is a big-game player and United should be mindful of his presence on the pitch on Saturday. Chelsea’s Abundance Of Talent Chelsea may be struggling in the season but they’ve shown a glimpse of what they can do with the 6-0 defeat of Barnsley earlier in the campaign. Kai Havertz got a hat-trick against the lower team but Tammy’s intelligence was instrumental to his side’s win. Despite the talent of Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford going forward, Chelsea’s flair in the final third can be devastating, to say the least. And this will be notable more especially if the likes of Kai Havertz, Christian Pulisic and Mason Mount can find their rhythm on the pitch for Chelsea.