A prosecution witness, Mrs Suzzy Onwuka has alleged that a medical doctor, Anuoluwapo Adepoju, promised to enlarge the buttocks of patients who patronized her clinic. Onwuka is a staff of the Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC). The witness spoke on Wednesday in a Federal High Court during the ongoing trial of Anuoluwapo, NAN reports. Popularly known as Dr. Anu, she is a Lagos surgeon charged with alleged evasion from investigation into a reported case of failed plastic surgery. Anuoluwapo is charged alongside her Clinic, MedContour Services Ltd, on a five count bordering on refusal to honour an invitation for investigation as well as production of investigation document on April 15, 2020. She was re-arraigned on July 17 before Justice Mohammed Liman. Anuoluwapo pleaded not guilty to the charges and was granted bail on self recognizance. At the last adjourned date, Onwuka narrated how the commission failed in its attempts to secure the presence of the defendant for investigation into the allegations. When trial resumed on Wednesday, an amended charge was read to the defendant who again pleaded not guilty to all the counts and trial continued. The witness, who had concluded her evidence in chief at the last date, was cross-examined by defence counsel, Mrs Maria Jones, who asked the witness when the complaint was made against the defendant. Onwuka told the court that the complaint was filed against the defendant in April, although she could not remember the exact date. Asked what false statement was made by the defendant that warranted the charge, she said: “The defendant had guaranteed and assured her patients that she was going to enlarge their “butts” without side effects and that it was going to be a surgery that won’t affect their lives.” Asked what she meant by butts, the witness replied, “I mean, the complaints received showed that the defendant had promised to enlarge the buttocks of her clients without side effects,” She added that consumers of the defendant’s services subsequently complained that her surgeries fell short of what was she had guaranteed after they had patronised her. On whether it is the duty of the FCCPC to investigate medical issues without recourse to the appropriate medical body, the witness replied: “The FCCPC is concerned with consumer of products and services and so, if the commission gets a complaint from consumers of goods and services, it is empowered to investigate such complaint.” On whether the law setting up the Commission allows it to demand for the document it requested from the defendant, Onwuka said the law allows it as far as it affects consumers. When asked if the FCCPC conducts its activities on social media, the witness told the court that the Commission has its lawful place of business even though it has presence on social media. The witness told the court that consumers of the defendant’s services are out there on social media and also saw her post, adding that although the Commission had written to the Nigerian Medical Association, they were yet to receive a response till date. Defence counsel asked the witness: “The defendant was detained at the State CID Panti for three days, so, why didn’t the commission give the defendant paper to make a statement before detaining her for three days” The witness replied: “I don’t know about that. The defendant failed to honour several invitations for investigation by the commison, even when she had the liberty to honour such invitation.” The witness also told the court that when the Commission eventually gained entrance into her medical premises, a call was placed across to her by her security guard but she refused to speak with the commission. On whether the Commission had worked during the COVID-19 lockdown, Onwuka declared: “Yes, we are essential services.” The case will resume on December 2, 2020.