Ibrahim Haruna Aminu, husband of the woman who hacked her children to death in Kano, has said that his wife is “possessed”. The Police has arrested the suspect, Hauwa Habibu. She allegedly committed the act over rivalry that started since Ibrahim married a second wife. The deceased children were identified as a boy, Yusuf, 5, and girl, Zahra’u, 3. Narrating moments before the double homicide, Ibrahim recalled that at 9:55am on Sunday, Hauwa called him on phone and claimed that some people had come to kill her. He asked who the killers were and Hauwa described the purported attackers as two males and one female. Ibrahim said when he sought the whereabouts of the children, Hauwa told him it was the children who wanted to kill her. “I urged her to intensify prayers because the previous night, I sensed that her interactions were abnormal, as if she was somehow possessed. She was saying strange things. I promised to be with her when the rain stopped. Five minutes later, she called again that the children wanted to speak with me. They requested for sweets which I asked her to give them,”,Arewa Agenda quoted him as saying. Ibrahim said when he got home after greeting his parents, he went to his apartment and saw his children in a pool of their blood. The eldest child who survived the incident told him that their mother killed the two children with matchet and fled after locking the door. “I went to my parents and informed them, took the victims to the hospital and I rushed to my in-law’s place. I met my wife and her mother in the room discussing. When I narrated what happened, her mother started crying while my wife repeatedly asked me what was happening? She is possessed. A normal woman would not just hack her own children to death for no reason.” Ibrahim insisted that Hauwa did not show any tendency of the act prior to the incident. “Not at all. Only that the day before, when I went to give her money for foodstuff, she held my cloth and kept asking if I was okay. I asked why she was asking such questions, she said nothing, just that she is seeing things but she doesn’t know what they were. I then calmed her down and assured her I would come over the following morning since I was going to sleep at my second wife’s place.” A paediatrician at the National Hospital Abuja, Dr. Denis Shatima, said the suspect might have developed some form of depression that manifested in ‘hating’ others around her children. “She can interpret them as being foreigners,” the medical practitioner noted. Shuaibu Ibrahim of the Federal Medical Centre, Katsina, suggested that it could be a case of depression. “The scenario will be that this woman developed depression and there was nobody to bring her out of it. She developed suicidal ideas and feelings that she is worthless, nobody cares about her and nothing is valuable to her.” The case is with the Criminal Investigation Department of the Kano State Police Command.