The Police Command in Imo State has set up a monitoring and enforcement team to give effect to the ban of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and other tactical teams from routine patrols, checkpoints, stop and search duties, by the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu. The Assistant Commissioner of Police in charge of X-Squad Department, ACP Emmanuel Asufi, is named the Chairman of the Enforcement Team. According to a release made available to DAILY POST on Thursday by the Police Public Relation Officer, PPRO, SP Ikeokwu Godson Orlando, CP Akinmoyede said ACP Asufi, with the heads of the tactical teams to serve as members under the direct supervision of the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of Operations, DCP Rabiu Hussaini, to give effect to the directive and complement the teams to be dispatched from the Force Headquarters. This came as the Commissioner of Police, Imo State, CP Isaac Akinmoyede, held a meeting with all the Tactical Team Commanders in the state, where he reiterated the directives of the Inspector-General of Police and warned of absolute compliance to the by all units of the command. However, in the press release on Thursday, CP Akinmoyede warned Commanders to strictly monitor and supervise their subordinates as they will be held liable for any infraction(s) by their men. The Police Commissioner revealed that the command had met with all the personnel of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) and informed them of the ban on all routine patrol, roadblocks, checkpoints, stop and search, traffic duties etc. He further informed them that the unit will henceforth treat only cases relating to the establishment of such unit, or respond to any distress call as may be directed by the Commissioner of Police. He further warned that any movement by any unit as specified above, such unit must put on the approved uniform (identification vest) with the name of such unit boldly inscribed on the vest or uniform. He also warned them against the indiscriminate search of mobile phones, laptops and other smart devices of members of the public under any guise, except if such device is directly connected to a case duly reported and under investigation of which all procedures must be followed. Parts of the release stated, “In view of all the above, the Command wishes to inform members of the public that the X-Squad and Monitoring Units of the Command has been activated to arrest any erring officer or unit. “Members of the public are therefore advised to report any unethical/unprofessional conduct of any police officer or unit through the following phone numbers:- “Commander X-Squad Unit 08037104989. “Commander Monitoring unit 0806649380. “Command Public Complaint Bureau- 07034714499”.