Juventus could not handle the threat of the visitors as Barcelona drew first blood in the 14 minutes through Ousama Dembele. The Lionel Messi led side claimed the 0-2 away win at Match Day 2 fixture to calm down the pressure on the team. The Juventus side without Cristiano Ronaldo lost the match and would look to the next fixture to salvage their European campaign. Barcelona would be delighted to win as they return to the winning ways of having lost 1-3 to Real Madrid in the EL Classico at the weekend. Following the 0-2 defeat against Juventus for Barcelona, we take a look at the interesting feature and match statistics from the game. Full statistics Shots on target 1(Juventus) (Barcelona) 5 Both sides came into the match with the quest in redeeming themselves in the clash as expected in the game. But Barcelona’s quality was made evident in the final third as they scored twice to tame the Turin giants. The Catalans recorded 5 shots in target in the match as compared to the one-shot Juventus had. Shots Off Target 5 (Juventus) (Barcelona) 6 Both sides missed a couple of scoring chances in the final third as they recorded about 5+6 = 11 shots off target in the match. Barcelona had 6 shots off target in comparison to Juventus 5 shot off target in the match. The stats reveal Barcelona attacking intent in the game with Juventus paying with the defeat at home. Possession 47(Juventus ) (Barcelona) 53 Barcelona expectedly dominated the match as we all know they could do like they’ve done in the past. Goals from Ousama Dembele and a late Lionel Messi’s Penalty justified their midfield charisma as they showed class in their bid to win the game. Juventus had 47% of the ball possession as regards to Barcelona’s 53% of the possession. Corners 1 (Juventus) (Barcelona) 4 The two teams cumulated about 4+1 – 5 corner-kicks as both sides competed effectively on the pitch. Juventus attack could only project 1 corner-kick while Barcelona demonstrated their attacking wares with 4 corner-kicks in the 90 minutes contest. Offsides 3(Juventus) (Barcelona) 0 Barcelona was efficient in their team organization as they bossed Juventus in the game. The Italian’s quest to get back into the game ensured a moment any distortion to the initial shape in the match. And it led to the 3 offsides they had in the game. They sought to get back into the game while Barcelona had not offside to deal with. Yellow Cards 4(Juventus) (Barcelona) 1 Both sides endured a lot of physical challenges in the match as they aim to outwit each other in the contest. Barcelona had only 1 yellow card compared to the 4 Juventus recorded as the case may be. Sergio Roberto was booked in the hour mark. While Juventus quartet of Dejan Kulusevski, Merih Demiral, Juan Cuadrado and Adrien Rabiot was booked in the 45th, 70th, 74th, and 79 minutes of the game. Fouls 19 (Juventus) (Barcelona) 16 Both sides saw a couple of fouls committed as both sides challenged each other on the pitch. The home sides were more physical than their Barcelona counterpart as they recorded more fouls than the visiting side at home. Barcelona had 16 fouls as compared to the 19 fouls Juventus committed in the match. Red Card 1(Juventus) (Barcelona) 0 It was just a matter of time for the Turin giants to be given a marching order as it was long coming in the game. Merih Demiral was given his marching order for a second bookable offence after he was shown the red card in the 85th minute, 15 minutes from when he was shown a Yellow Card in the contest. Goalkeeping Saves 3(Juventus) (Barcelona) 0 The Turin giants were forced to prevent more goals at their end as Barcelona increased the intensity in the game. Barcelona attacking pressure endured that Juventus goalkeeper made three goalkeeping blocks. Neto had no save to make as Juventus lacked the firepower to deal with the Barcelona defence. Goal-Kick 4 (Juventus) (Barcelona) 0 Both sides endured a frenetic encounter as the goal-kicks finale was evident following the 14 goal-kicks was cumulated in the game. Juventus could only amass as 4 goal-kicks in reference to Barcelona 10 goal-kicks in the game. It wasn’t a surprise as the Catalans had more firepower going forward in transition as seen in the contest.