Super Eagles midfielder, John Ogu has called on his national teammates to boycott the 2021 African Cup of nations qualifying matches as their contribution to the #EndSARS protests. Ogu suggested that there was no point representing the country when the politicians are treating them so badly. “I feel like this is the best thing to do right now until they get back to their senses and listen to us,” Ogu told BBC. “We want a good government, the police brutality to stop, we want the SARS to stop, we want the killings to stop, we want good laws, we want job opportunities. It’s just crazy,” he added. The midfielder said he believes most of his national teammates understand this point and he wish they “could do this.” “There are games coming up and if we boycott these games, I’m sure they will know we’ve made a statement,” Ogu said. Ogu said that although he has not spoken with the other players about this, he believes they feel the same way about people in Nigeria, their loved ones, those that have died, “I’m sure the players are aware,” he said. “I don’t know (whether there will be a boycott). I don’t know what is in the heart of the other boys.” Ogu made very clear that if things continue the way they are now, the players will boycott the double header against Sierra Leone in November. He said he was certain that his colleagues are thinking about it now, adding that “If this thing continues to next month we won’t play.” “How can I go to the national team to represent my country, to represent the government and the people when I think of the lost souls of those who have been killed?” “In Lagos, it’s brutal now; burning banks, cars, police stations. It’s dangerous to go out. The country is in shambles. The End SARS crisis escalated on Tuesday after some military men opened fire and killed some peaceful protesters at the Lekki area of Lagos State. This led to violent protests across the country on Wednesday accompanied with to looting, destruction of public and private property, especially in Lagos State.