Manchester United will be looking to maintain the momentum owing to their Champions League victory against French side Paris Saint-Germain at the Parces des Princes Arena. They face a redemption seeking Chelsea side after triumphing over PSG courtesy of goals from Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford. That success was made all the more impressive by the injury troubles Manchester United were made to overcome, some of which could ginger them for Chelsea’s visit. Here, DAILY POST takes a look at how the Red Devils could line up for the tie. Absent: Anthony Martial (suspended), Eric Baily (muscle). Possible: Edison Cavani (fitness), Harry Maguire (muscle), Jesse Lingard (knock), Mason Greenwood (knock). Edinson Cavani could make his debut against Chelsea after being denied the chance for a quick reunion with his former side. He was left out of the travelling squad to PSG. French forward Martial is unavailable as he serves the second of his three-match ban. And this means that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer could choose between Cavani or Marcus Rashford as to who could play in the central position for United. Harry Maguire was absent like Cavani in the midweek Champions League trip to Paris, although his muscle issue is not expected to be serious and he could make a quick return for the Saturday tie. United boss then has another option as to whether to stick with the three-man defence that lined-up so well at PSG or change to a more accustomed 4-2-3-1 system. However, defender Axel Tuanzebe will be hoping to keep his starting spot after producing an encouraging display against Neymar, Angel Di-Maria and the entire stars-studded PSG side. Luke Shaw and Victor Lindelof are both players who could miss out if Solskjaer reverts back to a four-man defence. And Alex Telles is in line for his Premier League debut. Brazil’s Fred has somehow moved above Paul Pogba in the pecking order since the 6-1 home defeat to Tottenham Hotspur before the International break and could, therefore, retain his place in this match, although Pogba is pushing for a return. There are some questions as regards to the availability of Mason Greenwood, who has missed the last two matches with an unspecified knock amid concurrent reports that his discipline has been a concern lately after being late for training on two occasions. Tuesday match-winner Marcus Rashford scored twice in the corresponding fixture last season against the Londoners (Chelsea). Bruno Fernandes has directly contributed to more goals than any other Premier League player since his move in February from Sporting Lisbon-both in the English top-flight and across all competitions. Manchester’s United vs. Chelsea: How Manchester United Could Line-Up Against Frank Lampard’s Chelsea David De Gea; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Alex Tuanzebe, Harry Maguire, Alex Telles; Fred, Scott Mc Tominay; Mason Greenwood, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Edinson Cavani