The Super Eagles of Nigeria will lock horns with the African Champions Algeria in Austria on Friday. It promises to be eye-catching as both heavyweights of African football battle in the international friendly before both teams play next week with Tunisia (Nigeria) and Mexico (Algeria), respectively. The Gernot Rohr-led side lost 2-1 to Algeria last time out and would be keen to make amends when both sides clash on the pitch this Friday. That semi-final defeat to Algeria is still in the mind of the Nigerian side and it could lead the team to aim for revenge ahead of the game. Following the match preparations and nature of the game as an international friendly, DAILY POST evaluates some reasons vengeance at all cost could be counterproductive for the Super Eagles. Undue team expectation The Super Eagles may be in high spirits ahead of the International friendly especially with the full house in the team’s camp in Austria. However, the quest for revenge should not take the other of the day as this may lead to undue pressure on this young Eagles’ side. With the quality the Algerians have got in their ranks as well as the star names within their squad, any pressure to get things done by all means for the Gernot Rohr-led men may be ill-fated. Alteration to team set-up If the Super Eagles trade solely for vengeance against the Desert Foxes of Algeria, it could lead to strict measures to alter the team set up as far as the (friendly) match is concerned. The likes of Samuel Kalu and other regulars may dominate the fulcrum of the matchday squad if that be the case, which may prevent other fringe players from getting some time on the pitch. While a win would be ideal for the general teams’ confidence, it should not be the major aim of going into a friendly meeting with Algeria. Managerial flexibility The (supposed) intention to get a win at all cost against the North Africans may lead to a managerial headache for Nigeria gaffer, Gernot Rohr. The game against Algeria should afford the Eagles; boss (Rohr) the opportunity to try out new players and certain formations with ease ahead of the all-important AFCON qualifier against the Leone Stars of Sierra Leone slated for next month. The quest to avenge defeat against a highly-rated side like Algeria could hinder the freedom to explore a lot of opportunities in Friday’s international friendly. The team, as well as the technical crew need a lot of flexibility in order to assess and make a proper judgment about the team based on an experimental level. Anything otherwise could see the Nigerian side miss out on maximizing the real intent of the so-called international friendly with Djamel Belmadi’s Algerian side in Austria.